Privacy policy
An overview of data protection
General information
The following information
will
provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit this website. The term “personal data” comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.
Data recording
Who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e., the “controller”)?
The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section “Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)” in this Privacy Policy.
How do we record your data?
We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.
Other data shall be recorded by our IT systems automatically or after you consent to its recording during your website visit. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g., web browser, operating system, or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access this website.
What are the purposes we use your data for?
A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns, answert customer requests, communicate with customers, analyse to improve our proucts and measure coverage.
What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?
You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients, and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified or eradicated. If you have consented to data processing, you have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall affect all future data processing. Moreover, you have the right to demand that the processing of your data be restricted under certain circumstances. Furthermore, you have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.
Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues.
Categories of data subjects
Visitors and users of the online offer and our iOS and/or Android Applications (in the following we refer to the persons concerned collectively also as "users" and the applications of both operating systems "apps").
Analysis tools and tools provided by third parties
There is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit this website. Such analyses are performed primarily with what we refer to as analysis programs.
For detailed information about these analysis programs please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.
Hosting and Co
ntent Delivery Networks (CDN)
Shopify
We host our website with Shopify International Limited, Victoria Building, 1-2 Haddington Road, Dublin 4, D04 XN32, Ireland (hereinafter: “Shopify”).
Shopify is a tool for creating and hosting websites. When you visit our website, Shopify collects your IP address and information about the device and browser you use. Shopify also analyses the number of visitors, visitor sources and customer behavior and compiles user statistics. When you make a purchase on our site, Shopify also collects your name, email address, shipping and billing addresses, payment information and other information related to the purchase (e.g., phone number, number of sales made, etc.). Shopify stores cookies in your browser for the purpose of analysis.
Please see the Shopify privacy policy for details:
https://www.shopify.de/legal/datenschutz
.
The use of Shopify is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest the most reliable presentation of our website. If consent has been requested, processing will be carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 letter a GDPR; consent may be revoked at any time.
General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.
Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.
We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e., through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data against third-party access.
Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)
The data processing controller on this website is:
Kamedi GmbH
Haid-und-Neu-Str. 7
76131 Karlsruhe
Phone: 0049 721 4704 4004
E-mail: info@heatit.de
The controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g., names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Storage duration
Unless a more specific storage period has been specified in this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. If you assert a justified request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted, unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g., tax or commercial law retention periods); in the latter case, the deletion will take place after these reasons cease to apply.
Designation of a data protection officer as mandated by law
We have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
Armin Meyer
Kamedi GmbH
Haid-und-Neu-Str. 7
76131 Karlsruhe
Phone: 0049 721 4704 4004
E-mail: info@heatit.de
Information on data transfer to the USA and other non-EU countries
Among other things, tools of companies domiciled in the United States or other from a data protection perspective non-secure non-EU countries, are integrated into our website. If these tools are active, your personal data may potentially be transferred to these non-EU countries and may be processed there. We must point out that in these countries, a data protection level that is comparable to that in the EU cannot be guaranteed. For instance, U.S. enterprises are under a mandate to release personal data to the security agencies and you as the data subject do not have any litigation options to defend yourself in court. Hence, it cannot be ruled out that U.S. agencies (e.g., the Secret Service) may process, analyze, and permanently archive your personal data for surveillance purposes. We have no control over these processing activities.
Revocation of your consent to the processing of data
A wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)
IN THE EVENT THAT DATA ARE PROCESSED ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6 SECT. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON GROUNDS ARISING FROM YOUR UNIQUE SITUATION. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO ANY PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. TO DETERMINE THE LEGAL BASIS, ON WHICH ANY PROCESSING OF DATA IS BASED, PLEASE CONSULT THIS DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION. IF YOU LOG AN OBJECTION, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA, UNLESS WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PRESENT COMPELLING PROTECTION WORTHY GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, THAT OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IF THE PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING IS THE CLAIMING, EXERCISING OR DEFENCE OF LEGAL ENTITLEMENTS (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 SECT. 1 GDPR).
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING PROCESSED IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUCH ADVERTISING. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS AFFILIATED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING PURPOSES (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 SECT. 2 GDPR).
Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.
Right to data portability
You have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.
SSL and/or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Encrypted payment transactions on this website
If you are under an obligation to share your payment information (e.g. account number if you give us the authority to debit your bank account) with us after you have entered into a fee-based contract with us, this information is required to process payments.
Payment transactions using common modes of paying (Visa/MasterCard, debit to your bank account) are processed exclusively via encrypted SSL or TLS connections. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
If the communication with us is encrypted, third parties will not be able to read the payment information you share with us.
Information about, rectification and eradication of data
Within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time.
Right to demand processing restrictions
You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:
In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.
If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.
If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.
Rejection of unsolicited e-mails
We herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in our Site Notice to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.
Recording of data on this website
Cookies
Our websites and pages use what the industry refers to as “cookies.” Cookies are small text files that do not cause any damage to your device. They are either stored temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or they are permanently archived on your device (permanent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted once you terminate your visit. Permanent cookies remain archived on your device until you actively delete them, or they are automatically eradicated by your web browser.
In some cases, it is possible that third-party cookies are stored on your device once you enter our site (third-party cookies). These cookies enable you or us to take advantage of certain services offered by the third party (e.g., cookies for the processing of payment services).
Cookies have a variety of functions. Many cookies are technically essential since certain website functions would not work in the absence of the cookies (e.g., the shopping cart function or the display of videos). The purpose of other cookies may be the analysis of user patterns or the display of promotional messages.
Cookies, which are required for the performance of electronic communication transactions (required cookies) or for the provision of certain functions you want to use (functional cookies, e.g., for the shopping cart function) or those that are necessary for the optimization of the website (e.g., cookies that provide measurable insights into the web audience), shall be stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, unless a different legal basis is cited. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operator’s services. If your consent to the storage of the cookies has been requested, the respective cookies are stored exclusively on the basis of the consent obtained (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR); this consent may be revoked at any time.
You have the option to set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified any time cookies are placed and to permit the acceptance of cookies only in specific cases. You may also exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain cases or in general or activate the delete function for the automatic eradication of cookies when the browser closes. If cookies are deactivated, the functions of this website may be limited.
In the event that third-party cookies are used or if cookies are used for analytical purposes, we will separately notify you in conjunction with this Data Protection Policy and, if applicable, ask for your consent.
Cookie Consent with GDPR Legal Cookie
Our website uses GDPR Legal Cookie to obtain your consent to the storage of certain cookies on your device. The party offering this technology is beeclever GmbH, Universitätsstraße 3, D-56070 Koblenz. Website: http://gdpr-legal-cookie.myshopify.com/ (hereinafter referred to as “Consent Manager Provider”).
Whenever you visit our website, a connection with the Consent Manager Provider’s servers will be established to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies.
Moreover, Consent Manager Provider shall store a cookie in your browser to be able to allocate your declaration(s) of consent or any revocations of the former. The data that are recorded in this manner shall be stored until you ask us to eradicate them, delete the Consent Manager Provider cookie or until the purpose for archiving the data no longer exists. This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal retention periods.
Consent Manager Provider uses cookies to obtain the declarations of consent mandated by law. The legal basis for the use of such cookies is Art. 6 Sect. 1 Sentence 1 lit.  c GDPR.
Server log files
The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:
The type and version of browser used
The used operating system
Referrer URL
The hostname of the accessing computer
The time of the server inquiry
The IP address
This data is not merged with other data sources.
This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operator’s website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.
Contact form
If you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on your agreement (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR) if this has been requested.
The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g., after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions, in particular retention periods.
Request by e-mail, telephone, or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.
These data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR) if it has been obtained.
The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.
User account
In order to be able to place orders via our online offers, each customer must set up a password-protected customer account. This account contains an overview of orders placed and active order processes. If you leave the online shop as a customer, you will be logged out automatically.
The operator takes no liability for password misuse, unless it was caused by the operator himself.
Credit check
To ensure your and the operator's safety, the operator may conduct a credit check before concluding a contract addition to checking the past transactions with the operator and any changes to your personal data, the operator also resorts to third party service providers.
Your personal data (name, address, date of birth) may be made available to the payment service provider as part of the credit check.
Analysis tools and advertising
Google Tag Manager
We use the Google Tag Manager. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland
The Google Tag Manager is a tool that allows us to integrate tracking or statistical tools and other technologies on our website. The Google Tag Manager itself does not create any user profiles, does not store cookies, and does not carry out any independent analyses. It only manages and runs the tools integrated via it. However, the Google Tag Manager does collect your IP address, which may also be transferred to Google’s parent company in the United States.
The Google Tag Manager is used on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the quick and uncomplicated integration and administration of various tools on his website. If the relevant consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics enables the website operator to analyze the behavior patterns of website visitors. To that end, the website operator receives a variety of user data, such as pages accessed, time spent on the page, the utilized operating system and the user’s origin. Google may consolidate these data in a profile that is allocated to the respective user or the user’s device.
Google Analytics uses technologies that make the recognition of the user for the purpose of analyzing the user behavior patterns (e.g., cookies or device fingerprinting). The website use information recorded by Google is, as a rule transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.
This analysis tool is used on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operator’s advertising activities. If a corresponding agreement has been requested (e.g., an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/
.
IP anonymization
On this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Google’s servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Google’s possession.
Browser plug-in
You can prevent the recording and processing of your data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Google’s Data Privacy Declaration at:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
Demographic parameters provided by Google Analytics
This website uses the “demographic characteristics” function of Google Analytics, to be able to display to the website visitor compatible ads within the Google advertising network. This allows reports to be created that contain information about the age, gender, and interests of the website visitors. The sources of this information are interest-related advertising by Google as well as visitor data obtained from third-party providers. This data cannot be allocated to a specific individual. You have the option to deactivate this function at any time by making pertinent settings changes for advertising in your Google account or you can generally prohibit the recording of your data by Google Analytics as explained in section “Objection to the recording of data”.
Google Analytics E-Commerce-Tracking
This website uses the “E-Commerce Tracking” function of Google Analytics. With the assistance of E-Commerce Tracking, the website operator is in a position to analyze the purchasing patterns of website visitors with the aim of improving the operator’s online marketing campaigns. In this context, information, such as the orders placed, the average order values, shipping costs and the time from viewing the product to making the purchasing decision are tracked. These data may be consolidated by Google under a transaction ID, which is allocated to the respective user or the user’s device.
Archiving period
Data on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g., DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 38 month. For details, please click the following link:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=en
Google Remarketing
This website uses the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Remarketing analyzes your user patterns on our website (e.g., clicks on specific products), to allocate a certain advertising target groups to you and to subsequently display matching online offers to you when you visit other online offers (remarketing or retargeting).
Moreover, it is possible to link the advertising target groups generated with Google Remarketing to device encompassing functions of Google. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g., cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your devices (e.g., tablet or PC).
If you have a Google account, you have the option to object to personalized advertising under the following link:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
.
The use of Google Remarketing is based on Art. 6 1 lit. et seq. GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the marketing of the operator’s products that is as effective as possible. If a respective declaration of consent was requested, processing shall occur exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR; the given consent may be revoked at any time.
For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en
.
Formation of Target Groups with Customer Reconciliation
For the formation of target groups, we use, among other things, the Google Remarketing customer reconciliation feature. To achieve this, we transfer certain customer data (e.g., email addresses) from our customer lists to Google. If the respective customers are Google users and are logged into their Google accounts, matching advertising messages within the Google network (e.g., YouTube, Gmail or in a search engine) are displayed for them to view.
Google Conversion-Tracking
This website uses Google Conversion Tracking. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
With the assistance of Google Conversion Tracking, we are in a position to recognize whether the user has completed certain actions. For instance, we can analyze the how frequently which buttons on our website have been clicked and which products are reviewed or purchased with particular frequency. The purpose of this information is to compile conversion statistics. We learn how many users have clicked on our ads and which actions they have completed. We do not receive any information that would allow us to personally identify the users. Google as such uses cookies or comparable recognition technologies for identification purposes.
We use Google Conversion Tracking on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. et seq. GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of the user patterns with the aim of optimizing both, the operator’s web presentation and advertising. If a respective declaration of consent was requested (e.g., concerning the storage of cookies), processing shall occur exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR; the given consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information about Google Conversion Tracking, please review Google’s data protection policy at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Google DoubleClick
This website uses features of Google DoubleClick. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, (hereinafter “DoubleClick”).
DoubleClick is used to show you interest-based ads across the Google Network. Advertisements can be tailored to the interests of the viewer using DoubleClick.  For example, our ads may appear in Google search results or in banners associated with DoubleClick.
To be able to display interest adequate promotional content to users, DoubleClick must recognize the respective visitor so that it can allocate the websites visited, the clicks and other user pattern information to the user. To do this, DoubleClick deploys cookies or comparable recognition technologies (e.g., device fingerprinting). The recorded information is consolidated into a pseudonym user profile so that the respective user can be shown interest adequate advertising.
The use of Google DoubleClick takes place in the interest of targeted advertising measures. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If a corresponding agreement has been requested (e.g., an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
For further information on how to object to the advertisements displayed by Google, please see the following links:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
and
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
Google Firebase
For our mobile app we use the tracking tool Google Firebase from the provider Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 ("Google"), which creates pseudonymous user profiles. Firebase is part of the Google Cloud platform and offers various services for developers, which you can view here: https://firebase.google.com/terms/
On our behalf, Google Firebase evaluates the data of your app usage. The data is important for us to get to know the users better and to adapt the app to the users' needs. This processing enables us to guarantee the stability and security of the app. All this is done on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 p.1 lit. f DSGVO and your data is not combined with other customer information.
Firebase Analytics uses advertising ID's, which you can restrict in your end device with the following device settings:
For Android: Setting > Google > Ads > Reset ad ID
For iOs: Setting > Privacy > Advertising > No ad tracking
You can find the data protection of Firebase under: https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html
Firebase is also subject to the privacy policy of Google.
You can therefore find more information about Google Firebase and data protection here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Facebook Pixel
To measure conversion rates, this website uses the visitor activity pixel of Facebook. The provider of this service is Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. According to Facebook’s statement the collected data will be transferred to the USA and other third-party countries too.
This tool allows the tracking of page visitors after they have been linked to the website of the provider after clicking on a Facebook ad. This makes it possible to analyze the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes and to optimize future advertising campaigns.
For us as the operators of this website, the collected data is anonymous. We are not in a position to arrive at any conclusions as to the identity of users. However, Facebook archives the information and processes it, so that it is possible to make a connection to the respective user profile and Facebook is in a position to use the data for its own promotional purposes in compliance with the
Facebook Data Usage Policy
. This enables Facebook to display ads on Facebook pages as well as in locations outside of Facebook. We as the operator of this website have no control over the use of such data.
The use of Facebook Pixel is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in effective advertising campaigns, which also include social media. If a corresponding agreement has been requested (e.g., an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum
und
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
.
Insofar as personal data is collected on our website with the help of the tool described here and forwarded to Facebook, we and Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland are jointly responsible for this data processing (Art. 26 DSGVO). The joint responsibility is limited exclusively to the collection of the data and its forwarding to Facebook. The processing by Facebook that takes place after the onward transfer is not part of the joint responsibility. The obligations incumbent on us jointly have been set out in a joint processing agreement. The wording of the agreement can be found under:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum
. According to this agreement, we are responsible for providing the privacy information when using the Facebook tool and for the privacy-secure implementation of the tool on our website. Facebook is responsible for the data security of Facebook products. You can assert data subject rights (e.g., requests for information) regarding data processed by Facebook directly with Facebook. If you assert the data subject rights with us, we are obliged to forward them to Facebook.
In Facebook’s Data Privacy Policies, you will find additional information about the protection of your privacy at:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
You also have the option to deactivate the remarketing function “Custom Audiences” in the ad settings section under
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen
. To do this, you first have to log into Facebook.
If you do not have a Facebook account, you can deactivate any user-based advertising by Facebook on the website of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
.
Newsletter
Newsletter data
If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an e-mail address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided, and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.
The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the e-mail address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.
The data deposited with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or the newsletter service provider and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter or after the purpose has ceased to apply. We reserve the right to delete or block e-mail addresses from our newsletter distribution list at our own discretion within the scope of our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
After you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and not merged with other data. This serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). The storage in the blacklist is indefinite.
You may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
MailerLite
This website uses MailerLite to send newsletters. The provider is UAB “MailerLite”, J. Basanaviciaus 15, LT-03108 Vilnius, Lithuania (hereinafter referred to as MailerLite).
MailerLite is a service that, among other things, can be used to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters. The data you enter to subscribe to the newsletter is stored on MailerLite’s servers.
If you do not want MailerLite to analyze your data, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in every newsletter message.
Data analysis by MailerLite
MailerLite enables us to analyze our newsletter campaigns. For example, we can see whether a newsletter message was opened, and which links were clicked on, if any. In this way we can determine which links were clicked on particularly often.
We can also see whether certain previously defined actions were carried out after opening/clicking (conversion rate). For example, we can see whether you have made a purchase after clicking on the newsletter.
MailerLite also enables us to divide the newsletter recipients into different categories (“clustering”). The newsletter recipients can be divided according to age, gender, or place of residence, for example. In this way, the newsletters can be better adapted to the respective target groups.
Detailed information on the functions of MailerLite can be found at the following link:
https://www.mailerlite.com/features
.
The MailerLite privacy policy can be found at:
https://www.mailerlite.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Legal basis
Data processing is based on your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can revoke this consent at any time for the future.
Storage period
The data you provide us with for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us or the newsletter service provider until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter or after the purpose has ceased to apply. We reserve the right to delete or block e-mail addresses from our newsletter distribution list at our own discretion within the scope of our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. This does not affect data stored by us for other purposes.
After you have been removed from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist will only be used for this purpose and will not be merged with other data. This serves both your interest and our interest in compliance with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest in the sense of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). There is no time limit on storage in the blacklist.
You can object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
Fera.ai
This website uses fera.ai for showing product ratings, testimonials, average rating badges as well as social proof. Provider is fera commerce Inc, 151 Charles St West, Kitchener, ON N2G 1H6, Canada.
Plug-ins and Tools
YouTube
This website embeds videos of the website YouTube. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
If you visit a page on this website into which a YouTube has been embedded, a connection with YouTube’s servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.
Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device or comparable technologies for recognition (e.g. device fingerprinting). In this way YouTube will be able to obtain information about this website’s visitors. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud.
If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest. If a corresponding agreement has been requested, the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
Zendesk
We deploy the CRM system Zendesk to process user inquiries. The provider is Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street in San Francisco, CA 94103 USA.
We use Zendesk to be able to respond to your inquiries promptly and efficiently. This constitutes a legitimate interest as defined in Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR.
We have executed a contract data processing agreement with Zendesk (Data Processing Agreement, DPA). This ensures that Zendesk processes the user data received only within the framework of the EU data protection standards and exclusively for the processing of inquiries and that Zendesk will not share these data with third parties.
In order to be able to submit inquiries, you must provide your e-mail address and name.
The messages addressed to us remain with us until you request deletion, or the data storage purpose no longer applies (e.g. after completed processing of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions, in particular retention periods, remain unaffected.
Zendesk has Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) which have been approved by the Irish Data Protection Authority. These are binding corporate rules that legitimize the transfer of data within the company to third countries outside the EU and EEA. Details can be found here:
https://www.zendesk.de/blog/update-privacy-shield-invalidation-european-court-justice/
.
If you should not want to agree to the processing of your inquiries by us via Zendesk, you have the alternative option to communicate with us via e-mail, telephone, or fax.
For more information, please consult Zendesk’s Data Privacy Declaration at:
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
.
eCommerce and payment service providers
Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process, and use personal data only to the extent necessary for the establishment, content organization or change of the legal relationship (data inventory). These actions are taken on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual actions. We collect, process, and use personal data concerning the use of this website (usage data) only to the extent that this is necessary to make it possible for users to utilize the services and to bill for them.
The collected customer data shall be eradicated upon completion of the order or the termination of the business relationship. This shall be without prejudice to any statutory retention mandates.
Data transfer upon closing of contracts for online stores, retailers, and the shipment of merchandise
We share personal data with third parties only if this is necessary in conjunction with the handling of the contract; for instance, with companies entrusted with the shipment of goods or the financial institution tasked with the processing of payments. Any further transfer of data shall not occur or shall only occur if you have expressly consented to the transfer. Any sharing of your data with third parties in the absence of your express consent, for instance for advertising purposes, shall not occur.
The basis for the processing of data is Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or for pre-contractual actions.
Payment services
We integrate payment services of third-party companies on our website. When you make a purchase from us, your payment data (e.g. name, payment amount, bank account details, credit card number) are processed by the payment service provider for the purpose of payment processing. For these transactions, the respective contractual and data protection provisions of the respective providers apply. The use of the payment service providers is based on Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (contract processing) and in the interest of a smooth, convenient, and secure payment transaction (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). Insofar as your consent is requested for certain actions, Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR is the legal basis for data processing; consent may be revoked at any time for the future.
We use the following payment services / payment service providers within the scope of this website:
PayPal
The provider of this payment service is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (hereinafter “PayPal”).
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/pocpsa-full
.
Details can be found in PayPal’s privacy policy:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
.
Stripe
The provider for customers within the EU is Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd,1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, Ireland (hereinafter “Stripe”).
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://stripe.com/de/privacy
and
https://stripe.com/de/guides/general-data-protection-regulation
.
Details can be found in Stripe’s Privacy Policy at the following link:
https://stripe.com/de/privacy
.
Klarna
The supplier is Klarna AB, Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden (hereinafter “Klarna“). Klarna offers various payment options (e.g., hire purchase). If you choose to pay with Klarna (Klarna checkout solution), Klarna will collect various personal data from you. Klarna uses cookies to optimize the use of Klarna checkout solution. For details on the use of Klarna cookies, please see the following link:
https://cdn.klarna.com/1.0/shared/content/policy/cookie/de_de/checkout.pdf
.
Details can be found in Klarna’s privacy policy under the following link:
https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/
.
Instant transfer Sofort
The provider of this payment service is Sofort GmbH, Theresienhöhe 12, 80339 Munich, Germany (hereinafter “Sofort GmbH”). With the help of the “Sofortüberweisung” procedure, we receive a payment confirmation from Sofort GmbH in real time and can immediately begin to fulfill our obligations. If you have chosen the payment method “Sofortüberweisung”, please send the PIN and a valid TAN to Sofort GmbH, with which it can log into your online banking account. Sofort GmbH automatically checks your account balance after logging in and carries out the transfer to us with the help of the TAN you have transmitted. Afterwards, it immediately sends us a transaction confirmation. After you log in, your turnover, the credit limit of the overdraft facility and the existence of other accounts and their balances are also checked automatically. In addition to the PIN and the TAN, the payment data entered by you as well as personal data will be transmitted to Sofort GmbH. The data about your person are first and last name, address, telephone number(s), email address, IP address and possibly other data required for payment processing. The transmission of this data is necessary to determine your identity beyond doubt and to prevent fraud attempts. For details on payment with immediate bank transfer, please refer to the following links:
https://www.sofort.de/datenschutz.html
and
https://www.klarna.com/sofort/
.
Amazon Pay
The provider of this payment service is Amazon Payments Europe S.C.A., 38 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
Details regarding the use of your data can be found in Amazon Pay’s Privacy Policy at the following link:
https://pay.amazon.de/help/201212490?ld=APDELPADirect
.
Custom Services
Job Applications
We offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g., via e-mail, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.
Scope and purpose of the collection of data
If you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g., contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are § 26 New GDPR according to German Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and – provided you have given us your consent – Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.
If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of § 26 New GDPR and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.
Data Archiving Period
If we are unable to make you a job offer or you reject a job offer or withdraw your application, we reserve the right to retain the data you have submitted on the basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR) for up to 6 months from the end of the application procedure (rejection or withdrawal of the application). Afterwards the data will be deleted, and the physical application documents will be destroyed. The storage serves in particular as evidence in the event of a legal dispute. If it is evident that the data will be required after the expiry of the 6-month period (e.g., due to an impending or pending legal dispute), deletion will only take place when the purpose for further storage no longer applies.
Longer storage may also take place if you have given your agreement (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR) or if statutory data retention requirements preclude the deletion.
Our social media appearances
Data processing through social networks
We maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.
Social networks such as Facebook, Twitter etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:
If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.
Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.
Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.
Legal basis
Our social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
Responsibility and assertion of rights
If you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. Facebook).
Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.
Storage time
The data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular, retention periods - remain unaffected.
We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).
Individual social networks
Facebook
We have a profile on Facebook. The provider of this service is Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. According to Facebook’s statement the collected data will also be transferred to the USA and to other third-party countries.
We have signed an agreement with Facebook on shared responsibility for the processing of data (Controller Addendum). This agreement determines which data processing operations we or Facebook are responsible for when you visit our Facebook Fanpage. This agreement can be viewed at the following link:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
.
You can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum
and
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
.
Details can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
Twitter
We use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland.
You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:
https://twitter.com/personalization
.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://gdpr.twitter.com/en/controller-to-controller-transfers.html
.
For details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
Instagram
We have a profile on Instagram. The provider is Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum
,
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
and
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
.
For details on how they handle your personal information, see the Instagram Privacy Policy:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
.
Xing
We have a profile on XING. The provider is New Work SE, Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:
https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung
.
LinkedIn
We have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.
If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa
und
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/eu-sccs
.
For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIn's privacy policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Youtube
We have a profile on YouTube. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Details on how they handle your personal data can be found in the YouTube privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
TikTok
We have a profile on TikTok. The provider is TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland. Details on how they handle your personal data can be found in the TiKTok privacy policy:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
.
Data transmission to third countries is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms: Standard Contractual Clauses
Index of Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) used in connection with the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms.
Table of Contents
SCCs (Controller-to-Controller)
business.safety.google/adscontrollerterms/sccs/c2c
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.mailerlite.com/legal/privacy-policy:
By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, personalize advertising, and assist in our marketing efforts.
View our Cookie Policy
.
Cookies settings
Reject all
Accept all cookies
Allow selection
Strictly Necessary Cookies (40)
Show details
(Strictly Necessary Cookies)
These cookies are crucial to a website, they are necessary to provide you with Services available through our website and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas, login-related cookies, which we use when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. You can refuse or delete these cookies, but in this case, our website page might not function properly.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
__cf_bm [x5]
MailerLite
Cloudflare
Twitter Inc.
Thinkific
Vimeo
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_thinkific_session
MailerLite
Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests.
Session
HTTP Cookie
CookieConsent [x7]
Cookiebot
MailerLite
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
1 year
HTTP Cookie
sso_session
MailerLite
Pending
1 day
HTTP Cookie
XSRF-TOKEN [x3]
MailerLite
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
PHPSESSID
MailerLite
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Session
HTTP Cookie
persist:hs-beacon-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
Maintains session states and tracks user interactions within the HubSpot Beacon tool, collecting data to analyze website performance and improve user engagement.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
persist:hs-beacon-message-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
mailerlite_session [x2]
MailerLite
Session cookie set by MailerLite
7 days
HTTP Cookie
theme
MailerLite
This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
__jid
c.disquscdn.com
Used to add comments to the website and remember the user's Disqus login credentials across websites that use said service.
Session
HTTP Cookie
disqusauth
c.disquscdn.com
Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status.
Session
HTTP Cookie
test_cookie
Google
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_GRECAPTCHA
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
180 days
HTTP Cookie
ar_debug [x2]
Google
Adroll Group
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_grecaptcha
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
rc::a
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
rc::b
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Session
HTML Local Storage
rc::c
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Session
HTML Local Storage
rc::f
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
1.gif
Cookiebot
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Session
Pixel Tracker
bcookie
LinkedIn
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
li_gc
LinkedIn
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
180 days
HTTP Cookie
dmn_chk_#
eu.posthog.com
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
_cfuvid
Vimeo
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
Session
HTTP Cookie
hex (32)
MailerLite
Used to manage server calls to the website's backend systems.
10 years
HTTP Cookie
Functional Cookies (13)
Show details
(Functional Cookies)
These cookies are used to improve the performance and functionality of our websites, allow to remember the choices you make, to provide enhanced and more personal features. Functional cookies will not track your activity on other websites. These cookies are not strictly necessary, however, without them, certain services may be unavailable.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
adroll#adroll [x5]
MailerLite
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Persistent
IndexedDB
locale [x2]
MailerLite
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
10 days
HTTP Cookie
aet-dismiss
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
drafts.queue
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
submitted_posts_cache
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
i18n_default_en_en-translation
Thinkific
Manages language or localization preferences for users, ensuring that content is displayed in the default English translation according to the user's language or local settings.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
lidc
LinkedIn
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
selectedLanguage
MailerLite
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
Performance Cookies (22)
Show details
(Performance Cookies)
These cookies help improve the way a website and Service work. They may measure usage of our website, track things, such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit. For example, performance cookies may show the most frequently visited pages, help to record any difficulties with a website and show whether advertising on a website is effective or not. Performance cookies do not collect Personal Data and all the information that is collected by these cookies is aggregated and anonymous.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
__mp_opt_in_out_# [x2]
cdn.mxpnl.com
Thinkific
Tracks user preferences regarding opting in or out of tracking by Matomo analytics, while also collecting anonymized data on user interactions and behavior for website analysis and optimization purposes.
Session
HTTP Cookie
_ga [x2]
Google
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
2 years
HTTP Cookie
_gat [x2]
Google
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_gid [x2]
Google
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
bounce
Appnexus
Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator.
Session
Pixel Tracker
gbFeaturesCache
cdn.jsdelivr.net
This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
NRBA_SESSION
Thinkific
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
disqus_unique
c.disquscdn.com
Collects statistics related to the user's visits to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and loaded pages.
Session
HTTP Cookie
sentryReplaySession
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
Session
HTML Local Storage
hjActiveViewportIds
Hotjar
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
hjViewportId
Hotjar
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
Session
HTML Local Storage
_hjSession_#
Hotjar
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_hjSessionUser_#
Hotjar
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_hjTLDTest
Hotjar
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Session
HTTP Cookie
FPAU
MailerLite
Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
PugT
PubMatic
Used to determine the number of times the cookies have been updated in the visitor's browser. Used to optimize the website's server efficiency.
30 days
HTTP Cookie
personalization_id
Twitter Inc.
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
ml-traffic-source-#
MailerLite
Pending
6 months
HTTP Cookie
Targeting Cookies (104)
Show details
(Targeting Cookies)
These cookies are used to deliver adverts which are more relevant to you and your interests while also limiting the number of times you see the same advert on a website. These cookies record your visit to the website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We may also share this information with third-parties for this purpose. Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate-tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our Customers have come to the website through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately, and where applicable, allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
xuid
Triplelift
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__adroll_consent_params [x5]
Adroll Group
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
HTTP Cookie
__ar_v4 [x5]
Adroll Group
Optimises ad display based on the user's movement combined and various advertiser bids for displaying user ads.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_rdt_uuid [x6]
Reddit
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Session
HTTP Cookie
_te_ [x5]
Adroll Group
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
Session
HTTP Cookie
mp_#_mixpanel [x2]
cdn.mxpnl.com
Pending
1 year
HTTP Cookie
anj
Appnexus
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
receive-cookie-deprecation [x3]
Appnexus
Adroll Group
Adroll
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
uuid2
Appnexus
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
XANDR_PANID
Appnexus
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
__adroll_shared
Adroll Group
Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant.
13 months
HTTP Cookie
rp.gif
Reddit
Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function.
Session
Pixel Tracker
ml_guid [x2]
MailerLite
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
c
Bidswitch
Regulates synchronisation of user identification and exchange of user data between various ad services.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
sync
Bidswitch
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
tuuid
Bidswitch
Registers whether or not the user has consented to the use of cookies.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
tuuid_lu
Bidswitch
Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
ul_cb/sync
Bidswitch
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
_uetsid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetsid_exp
Microsoft
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetvid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetvid_exp
Microsoft
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
MSPTC
Microsoft
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
MUID
Microsoft
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
badges-message
c.disquscdn.com
Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
CMID
Casale Media
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
CMPRO
Casale Media
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
CMPS
Casale Media
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
rum
Casale Media
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__mpq_#_#
cdn.mxpnl.com
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
images/pixel.gif
viglink
Enables the visitor to share content from the website onto social media platforms or websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
fbssls_#
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes.
Session
HTML Local Storage
lastExternalReferrer
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
lastExternalReferrerTime
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
__adroll
Adroll
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
13 months
HTTP Cookie
segment/#/#
Adroll
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
IDE
Google
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
NID
Google
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
6 months
HTTP Cookie
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Google
Pending
Session
Pixel Tracker
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Google
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__adroll_fpc
Adroll Group
Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_fbp [x2]
Meta Platforms, Inc.
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_ga_#
Google
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
2 years
HTTP Cookie
_gcl_au
Google
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_uetsid
Microsoft
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_uetvid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
w/1.0/sd
Openx
Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services.
Session
Pixel Tracker
AdServer/Pug
PubMatic
Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
KRTBCOOKIE_#
PubMatic
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_/ad/75aa344edeef4dbfa3b3dd7cb5f40e6f/pixel
Quora
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
adroll_flgs
Adroll Group
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Session
HTML Local Storage
sp_landing
Spotify
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
sp_t
Spotify
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
1/i/adsct [x2]
Twitter Inc.
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
muc_ads
Twitter Inc.
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
idsync/ex/receive/check
Tapad
This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS
Tapad
Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
TapAd_DID
Tapad
Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
TapAd_TS
Tapad
Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
guest_id
Twitter Inc.
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
guest_id_ads
Twitter Inc.
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
guest_id_marketing
Twitter Inc.
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
#-#
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTML Local Storage
iU5q-!O9@$
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Session
HTML Local Storage
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
nextId
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
requests
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
yt.innertube::nextId
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
YtIdbMeta#databases
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Persistent
IndexedDB
yt-remote-cast-available
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-cast-installed
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-connected-devices
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-device-id
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-fast-check-period
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-session-app
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-session-name
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
YouTube
Pending
180 days
HTTP Cookie
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YouTube
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
180 days
HTTP Cookie
YSC
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Session
HTTP Cookie
Unclassified Cookies (25)
Show details
(Unclassified Cookies)
These cookies are a type of cookie for which the purpose or category is not yet determined.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
gbuuid [x5]
cdn.jsdelivr.net
Pending
400 days
HTTP Cookie
lp_custom [x5]
MailerLite
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
ph_#_posthog [x3]
eu.posthog.com
MailerLite
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
ph_#_primary_window_exists [x2]
MailerLite
eu.posthog.com
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
ph_#_window_id [x2]
MailerLite
eu.posthog.com
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
persist:hs-beacon-session-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
disqus.thread
c.disquscdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
lp_custom
MailerLite
Pending
2 years
HTTP Cookie
partnero_session_uuid
app.partnero.com
Pending
10 years
HTTP Cookie
adroll_dqs
Adroll Group
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
_gtmeec
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
_test
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
mailerlite:forms:shown:#
MailerLite
Pending
30 days
HTTP Cookie
Allow selection
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/23/25 by
Cookiebot
Features
Send emails
Email marketing
Grow your audience and build stronger relationships.
Automation
Send perfectly-timed and targeted emails automatically.
Newsletter editors
Design emails yourself with an ai-powered drag & drop editor.
Email notifications
Send timely emails triggered by activity on your website or app.
Build websites
Website builder
Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine.
Create a blog
Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog.
Collect leads
Landing pages
Create pages to collect leads, sell products and more.
Signup forms
Invite people from across the web to become subscribers.
iPad Subscribe App
Collect subscribers at your event or store - even offline!
Email verifier
Clean and optimize email lists to improve deliverability.
Sell products
Digital products
Sell e-books, downloads and more to grow your income.
E-commerce
Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales.
Paid newsletter subscriptions
Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions.
Pricing
Gallery
Examples
Newsletters
See designs for various occasions and industries.
Landing pages
Get inspired by examples made by customers like you.
Automations
Automation examples
Check out these email automation ideas to inspire your own.
Automation templates
Build professional email workflows quickly using pre-built templates.
Templates
Use these expertly-designed templates to quickly build effective newsletters, web pages and forms.
Newsletters
Websites
Landing pages
Pop-ups
Why Lite
Use cases
Tell us what kind of business you have and we'll tell you how best to use MailerLite.
E-commerce
Small business
Creators
Agencies
Enterprise
Authors
Case studies
Get inspired by email marketing case studies
See how MailerLiters are growing their business with email.
View all case studies
Why Lite
Lite is our philosophy
Making the complex simple is what we do best.
Learn more about going Lite
Resources
Knowledge base
Get quick answers to the most common MailerLite questions.
Video tutorials
Learn at your own pace with short and sweet instructional videos.
Hire an expert
Find approved consultants to help your business grow.
Blog
Read stories and how-to articles to level up your strategies.
Best practices by industry
Discover the best email marketing practices for your industry.
Email marketing guide
Explore the email essentials for a successful campaign.
Live learning sessions
Boost your email skills with live webinars, workshops and Q&As.
Academy
Join free online courses and get certified in our Academy.
Integrations
Integrate MailerLite with all your favorite apps to streamline your workflows.
Stripe
Make
Zapier
Shopify
WordPress
WooCommerce
All integrations
Check out our newest how-to guides:
Migrating from Classic to the new MailerLite
|
Authenticating your domain to maintain deliverability
en
English
Español
Polski
Log in
Sign up
en
English
Español
Polski
Features
Send emails
Email marketing
Grow your audience and build stronger relationships.
Automation
Send perfectly-timed and targeted emails automatically.
Newsletter editors
Design emails yourself with an ai-powered drag & drop editor.
Email notifications
Send timely emails triggered by activity on your website or app.
Build websites
Website builder
Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine.
Create a blog
Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog.
Collect leads
Landing pages
Create pages to collect leads, sell products and more.
Signup forms
Invite people from across the web to become subscribers.
iPad Subscribe App
Collect subscribers at your event or store - even offline!
Email verifier
Clean and optimize email lists to improve deliverability.
Sell products
Digital products
Sell e-books, downloads and more to grow your income.
E-commerce
Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales.
Paid newsletter subscriptions
Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions.
Pricing
Gallery
Examples
Newsletters
See designs for various occasions and industries.
Landing pages
Get inspired by examples made by customers like you.
Automations
Automation examples
Check out these email automation ideas to inspire your own.}
Automation templates
Build professional email workflows quickly using pre-built templates.
Templates
Use these expertly-designed templates to quickly build effective newsletters, web pages and forms.
Newsletters
Websites
Landing pages
Pop-ups
Why Lite
Use cases
Tell us what kind of business you have and we'll tell you how best to use MailerLite.
E-commerce
Small business
Creators
Agencies
Enterprise
Authors
Case studies
Get inspired by email marketing case studies
See how MailerLiters are growing their business with email.
Why Lite
Lite is our philosophy
Making the complex simple is what we do best.
Resources
Knowledge base
Get quick answers to the most common MailerLite questions.
Video tutorials
Learn at your own pace with short and sweet instructional videos.
Hire an expert
Find approved consultants to help your business grow.
Blog
Read stories and how-to articles to level up your strategies.
Best practices by industry
Discover the best email marketing practices for your industry.
Email marketing guide
Explore the email essentials for a successful campaign.
Live learning sessions
Boost your email skills with live webinars, workshops and Q&As.
Academy
Join free online courses and get certified in our Academy.
Integrations
Integrate MailerLite with all your favorite apps to streamline your workflows.
Stripe
Make
Zapier
Shopify
WordPress
WooCommerce
Check out our newest how-to guides:
Migrating from Classic to the new MailerLite
Authenticating your domain to maintain deliverability
Log in
Sign up
Close
No results were found...
Privacy Policy
At MailerLite, protecting your privacy and the privacy of anyone receiving your email is very important to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to make MailerLite safe and appropriate for everyone. Our Privacy Policy applies to your use of MailerLite’s Services and describes the kind of information we process, how it is processed and why.
As used in these Terms, "MailerLite" means:
(a) MailerLite Limited, an Irish registered company at 88 Harcourt Street, Dublin 2, D02 DK18, Ireland, if the Customer's billing address on the applicable Order Form is located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland; or
(b) MailerLite, Inc., a Delaware corporation at 548 Market St, PMB 98174, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401, United States, if the Customer's billing address on the applicable Order Form is located anywhere else in the world.
MailerLite provides email marketing and automation software as a service. We process Personal Data as a Processor on behalf of the Customer.
1. Definitions
1.1. "Controller" means an entity that determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data.
1.2. "Customer" means a person or entity that is registered with MailerLite to use the Services.
1.3. "Data Protection Laws" means all data protection and privacy laws and regulations of the EU, EEA, and their member states, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, applicable to the Processing of Personal Data.
1.4. "GDPR" means (a) the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), and (b) the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation.
1.5. "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
1.6. "Processing" means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction. "Process", "Processes" and "Processed" shall be interpreted accordingly.
1.7. "Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or any other body which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
1.8. "Services" means any product or service provided by MailerLite pursuant to MailerLite’s
Terms of Use
("TOU").
1.9. “Subscriber” means a person Customer contacts through our Services.
1.10. “We”, “us”, and “our” refer to the MailerLite.
1.11. "You," "your," and "yours" refer to the user.
2. Data Processing
2.1. Consent: by accessing our Services, you accept our Privacy Policy and TOU, and you consent to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Each time you visit our website or use the mobile app or the Service, and any time you voluntarily provide us with information, you agree that you are consenting to our collection, use, and disclosure of the information that you provide, and you are consenting to receive emails or otherwise be contacted, as described in this Privacy Policy. Whether or not you register or create an account with us, this Privacy Policy applies to all users of the website, mobile app, and Services.
2.2. Performance of a contract: by utilizing our Services or accessing our platform, you expressly acknowledge our Processing of your Personal Data in compliance with applicable Data Protection Laws. The Processing of your Personal Data is grounded on the legal basis of contract performance between you and MailerLite. We collect and process your Personal Data to deliver the requested Services, meet our contractual obligations, and ensure the seamless functioning of our platform. Specifically, this includes providing you with access to the website, mobile app, and Services.
2.3. If you voluntarily provide Personal Data to MailerLite where such data is not specifically requested (e.g., entering Personal Data into fields not designated for that purpose), provision of the Personal Data will be deemed accidental. In these instances, MailerLite will not process the data in accordance with the terms of the GDPR and/or this Privacy Policy.
3. What information we Process
MailerLite collects both “Personal Data” and “Non-Personal Data” about you and will Process this data for the duration of the Services, as described in the TOU:
3.1. Personal Data:
Customers' information: identification and contact data (name, contact details, username); billing information (billing and mailing addresses, payment information); organization information (name, address, geographic location, area of responsibility, VAT code), IP addresses, browsing activity, web server logs.
Subscribers' information: email address and any other additional information that Customer provides to MailerLite.
3.1.1. At any time, you may log in and change this information, or remove it. You may decline to provide Personal Data to the Services, however, some of the Personal Data we ask you to provide, for example, the email address is mandatory for a Service. If you decline to provide it, we may not be able to provide that service to you.
3.2. Non-Personal Data:
The browser and device information: location, device type, model, number, type of browser or operating system, the time and date of access, screen resolution, plug-ins, add-ons and the version of the Services you are using, and other information that does not personally identify you.
Information from your use of the Services and information from other sources: we may receive information about how and when you use the Services, or other types of files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. Also, we may obtain information about you or your Subscribers from third-party sources, such as public databases, social media platforms, third-party data providers, and our joint marketing partners. This information may include, for example, time, date, browser used, demographic information, device information (such as device type, model, number, type of browser or operating system), location, and online behavioral data (such as information about your use of social media websites, page view information and search results and links), actions you have taken, anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and the number of clicks.
3.3. Please note, MailerLite does not process or store your credit card information. Once you make a payment for MailerLite Classic, your credit card information is transferred to our third-party payment processor Braintree (please find their Privacy Statement
here
), or PayPal (please find their Privacy Statement
here
) and when using the New MailerLite, your credit card information is transferred to Stripe (please find their Privacy Policy
here
).
3.4. If, being a Shopify user, you install MailerLite Shopify app through Shopify App Store, Shopify will bill you for our Services. More information about Personal Data collected by Shopify can be found in Shopify’s Privacy Policy
here
.
3.5. Please be informed that for communication via email and live chat, MailerLite uses third-party customer support platforms. When communication goes through our
Contact Us
form or email, your information is transferred to HelpScout. When communication is through live chat, your information is transferred to Intercom. Some messages sent through the live chat feature are answered by Intercom’s AI-powered chatbot. No Personal Data belonging to your Subscribers is transferred to Intercom, except if you choose to upload it to the live chat.
If you reach out to us when using the New MailerLite, regardless of the method, your information will be transferred to HelpScout. You may find HelpScout’s privacy policy
here
and Intercom’s
here
.
3.6. MailerLite utilizes OpenAI’s GPT technology to provide features such as an AI-powered writing assistant and AI-powered subject line generator. By using these features, you agree that the data you choose to input into these features, which may contain personal information, is sent to OpenAI's API for processing. MailerLite is not responsible for the data handling practices or policies of OpenAI or any third-party services used by OpenAI, however, MailerLite utilizes OpenAI's Enterprise plan which ensures that transferred data will not be further used to train OpenAI’s models. You can find more information in OpenAI's
Business Terms
,
Privacy Policy
, and
API Data Usage Policy
.
3.7. MailerLite uses OpenAI’s technology to automate the customer confirmation process by submitting Customers’ campaign content to OpenAI’s technology. No Personal Data of Customers’ Subscribers is transferred to OpenAI for this purpose, except if you choose to use it in your marketing campaigns. MailerLite utilizes OpenAI's Enterprise plan, which ensures that transferred data will not be further used to train OpenAI’s models. You can find more information in OpenAI's
Business Terms
,
Privacy Policy
, and
API Data Usage Policy
.
3.8. MailerLite uses Oracle NetSuite as its accounting platform. When you interact with our Services, your billing, transaction, and organization information will be processed and stored within Oracle NetSuite. You can find Oracle NetSuite’s Privacy Policy
here
.
3.9. MailerLite has integrated Entri for domain authentication purposes. If you choose to authenticate your domains through MailerLite, your domain name will be shared with Entri to ensure the proper deliverability of your campaigns. For more details, you can review Entri’s Privacy Policy
here
.
4. Purposes of Processing
4.1. MailerLite uses collected information for the operation of the Services, to maintain the quality of the Service, to provide general statistics regarding use of the Service, to promote and analyze the Services, to provide customer support and send information about the Services, to protect the rights and safety of Customers, Subscribers, third-parties and our own, to send customized informational or promotional content and provide suggestions according to marketing preferences, to ensure observance of our TOU and meet the legal requirements, to verify identity and provided information, manage payments, to understand demographics, Customer interests and needs, and other trends among users, and for other business purposes.
4.2. We may combine Personal Data with other information we Process to customize informational content and enhance our ability to provide Services according to marketing preferences, restrictions or for advertising, targeting purposes, personalization of ads, or to develop and provide you with more relevant products and features in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. How we collect your information
5.1. Data provided by our Customers: Customers may import into the Services Personal Data they have collected from their Subscribers or other individuals. We have no direct relationship with Customers’ Subscribers or any individuals other than our Customers. Our Processing of Personal Data is based on the data subject freely given consent and Customers are responsible for making sure they have the necessary permissions for us to Process Personal Data about Subscribers or other individuals.
5.2. Tracking technologies: in connection with the performance of the Services, MailerLite uses:
Cookies: cookies are tiny files of data that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies, but you can change this in your browser settings. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all of MailerLite’s functionality. We use cookies to improve your Mailerlite experience and by collecting this data, we can store information so that you don’t have to re-enter it every time you visit MailerLite. We also use it to monitor visitor metrics to MailerLite such as page views, time on site, number of visitors, etc.
Web beacons: we include single-pixel gifs (web beacons) in emails we send, which allow us to collect information about when you open the email and your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. We use the data from those web beacons to create reports about how your email campaign performed and what actions your Subscribers took, to capture the time spent on the Services, pages visited and email campaign performance.
Unique identifiers and similar tracking technologies: we may use other tracking technologies to administer the Services, track your movements around the Services, analyze trends, track behavior, serve targeted advertisements and gather demographic information, to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments of Customers.
5.3. Log Data monitoring: we may collect log data whenever you access our tool. This data could include things like an IP address, browser type, and version, the pages you visit on MailerLite, and other user statistics. When you access MailerLite with a mobile device, log data may include the type of device, your mobile unique ID, the IP address of your device, mobile operating system, and other mobile statistics.
5.4. Third-party services: we may use third-party services, such as Google Analytics and Facebook, that collect and analyze log data to help us improve MailerLite, and occasionally to use for targeted online advertising. Our third-party partners may use cookies or other tracking technologies to provide you advertising on other sites based on your browsing activities and interests. You can find more information about these practices, including how to opt out of receiving targeted advertising here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
5.5. Based on the requirements of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, MailerLite declares that it does not correspond to Do Not Track browser signals.
6. Transferring to third-party companies
6.1. We will never sell, rent, or lease your Personal Data to a third party, but we may share collected information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy with third parties, including group companies, that help MailerLite provide, improve, promote or support Services, that help with our business operations and assist in the delivery of our Services, or who perform services for us, in order to prevent damage to our property or for safety reasons, for example, payment processors, hosting services, analytics, content delivery services, advertising partners, etc., in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may also share information with third parties if required to do so by law or if you violate our TOU.
6.2. We may disclose Non-Personal Data for any purpose because this information cannot be used to identify you or another person.
7. Email communications & opting out
7.1. From time to time you may receive emails related to your use of MailerLite. Based on the Personal Data that you provide us, we may communicate with you in response to your inquiries to provide the Services you request and to manage your account. If we have your consent, we may also use your Personal Data to send you updates and other promotional communications. Every email will contain a link to be able to opt-out of receiving it. We may still send important messages regarding administrative matters, updates, disputes, and customer service issues that are required to provide the Services.
7.2. If a Subscriber no longer wants to be contacted by one of our Customers, he can unsubscribe directly from that Customers’ newsletter or contact the Customer directly to update or delete the data. If a Subscriber contacts us, we will refer him to that Customer. We will retain personal information we Process on behalf of our Customers only for as long as needed to provide our Services or to comply with our obligations.
8. Safety of your information
8.1. MailerLite takes reasonable precautions, technical and organizational security measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, follows industry best practices in order to protect your Personal Data from any unauthorized or unlawful breach of security that leads to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to Personal Data and to preserve the security and confidentiality of the data. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such precautions. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
8.2. The customer is responsible for reviewing the information made available by MailerLite relating to its data security and making an independent determination as to whether the Services meet Customer’s requirements and legal obligations under Data Protection Laws. Also, Customer is responsible for its secure use of the Services, including securing its account authentication credentials, protecting the security of Personal Data when in transit to and from the Services and taking any appropriate steps to securely encrypt or backup any Personal Data uploaded to the Services.
9. Protecting Subscriber’s lists and data
9.1. We reserve the right to monitor your lists, content and response data from time to time to make sure they comply with our TOU, we will never share, sell or rent your customer data to anyone for any reason.
9.2. Our data storage center is in the European Union and has information storage security certificate (ISO 27001) so you can rest assured that your Subscribers data is safe with us.
10. Customers’ rights
10.1. You have the following rights regarding your Personal Data:
Right to Access
. You have the right to request disclosure of the specific pieces of your Personal Data we have collected about you in a portable and, where technically feasible, readily usable format.
Right to Know.
You have the right to verify if we have collected Personal Data about you and to know the details of it.
Right to Deletion.
You may request the deletion of your Personal Data in accordance with Clause 11 of this Privacy Policy.
Right to Opt-Out.
You have the right to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for cross-context behavioral advertising to third parties. You can exercise this right by visiting our Cookie Settings and disabling functional, performance, and targeting cookies.
Right to object to the processing of your Personal Data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, including profiling.
Right to correct your Personal Data.
You have the right to update inaccurate information that we process about you by amending it in your MailerLite account.
Right to exercise rights without discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise the rights conferred to you by applicable privacy law.
10.2. Please be aware that these rights may be limited by applicable laws and depend on technical feasibility.
10.3. If you are not able to exercise these rights through your MailerLite’s account, please contact us using the
contact form
. We may require additional information or identifying documents from you to verify your identity and process your request.
10.4. If you are a resident of California and you want to implement your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please refer to Clause 15 of this Privacy Policy.
11. Data retention
11.1.  Unless you specifically request that we delete your Personal Data by contacting us, deleting your account, or using the ‘Forget Me’ feature, we will keep your data for as long as we need to meet our Terms, provide you Services, and maintain the effective operation of our business.
11.2. If you ask us to delete your Personal Data by contacting us or deleting your account, your data will be deleted within 30 days, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
11.3. If you request deletion through MailerLite’s "Forget Me" feature, your user data will be fully anonymized within 60 days of your request. If your account does not have any other users, the whole account will be fully anonymized, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
11.4. We may still be obliged to retain certain Personal Data after you request deletion or if you delete your account to (i) comply with applicable laws or regulations (like maintaining transaction records or keeping information for accounting purposes), (ii) deal with legal issues or defend ourselves in legal claims, and (iii) protect against fraud or abuse of our Service. This information will be retained for 7 years, after which it will be permanently deleted.
11.5. Sometimes, we might not be able to delete, make anonymous, or hide your Personal Data immediately because of technical, legal, or operational reasons. In these situations, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your Personal Data from any further Processing until we can properly delete, anonymize, or deidentify it.
11.6. If your account is inactive for 3 years or more, MailerLite reserves the right to permanently delete your account and all its data, including your list of subscribers and your content. If MailerLite decides to delete your account, you will be informed multiple times via email. Upon reaching 3 years of account inactivity, you will be given an additional 60 days to export the data or reactivate your account before the account is permanently deleted.
11.7. Upon reaching 2 years of account suspension or termination, MailerLite permanently deletes your account and all its data, including your list of subscribers and your content, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
12. Links to other websites
12.1. As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Service. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third-party website accessed by selecting a link via our Service. To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.
13. Data Processing Addendum
13.1. We created our Data Processing Addendum to cover the GDPR requirements as they relate to email marketing and we encourage all our Customers to review it
here
.
14. Age of consent
14.1. By using the Service, you represent that you are at least 16 years of age.
15. California Privacy Rights
15.1. This section applies exclusively to individuals residing in California (“
California Customers
”). It delineates our procedures for collecting, using, and sharing the Personal Data of California Customers in our capacity as a business according to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
"), along with the associated rights regarding such Personal Data. For the purposes of this clause, "Personal Data" refers to the definition of “Personal Information” as it is outlined in the CCPA.
15.2. California Customers have the ability to exercise the subsequent rights regarding their Personal Data, but these rights are not unconditional, and there may be instances where we are authorized to reject your request according to CCPA:
Right to Know:
You can request details about our collection and usage of your Personal Data, including categories of collected data, purposes, third-party sharing, and specific pieces collected. MailerLite will respond to a maximum of two (2) requests within a twelve (12) month period.
Right to Access
: You are able to access all Personal Data transferred to us in your MailerLite account. You can also request details regarding how we have collected and used your Personal Data over the past twelve (12) months, and MailerLite will respond to a maximum of two (2) requests. Please note that there may be legal restrictions preventing us from disclosing certain Personal Data if it poses a substantial risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account.
Right to Correct:
If you find any inaccuracies in your Personal Data that we hold, or if your Personal Data changes, you can make respective changes in your MailerLite account or you can notify us and we will promptly update our records to ensure they reflect the accurate information.
Right to Deletion:
You can request the deletion of your Personal Data as per Clause 11 of this Privacy Policy. MailerLite may delete, de-identify, or aggregate your data upon such a request, confirming the information before deletion.
Opt-out of Sharing:
MailerLite uses services to deliver personalized ads to you. Under the CCPA, our utilization of some of these services may be tagged as sharing your Personal Data with the advertising partners who provide these services. You have the option to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Data by visiting our Cookie Settings and disabling functional, performance, and targeting cookies.
No Selling of Personal Data:
If you have activated the opt-out feature, you will automatically be excluded from any sharing when engaging with our Services. MailerLite adheres to CCPA regulations by not selling your Personal Data.
Limited Processing of Sensitive Personal Data:
We don’t collect any sensitive Personal Data. However, we cannot control whether our Customers use or disclose the sensitive Personal Data of their Subscribers. If you are a Subscriber of our Customers, please contact them directly for queries regarding your sensitive Personal Data.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not engage in discrimination against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
15.3.  If you are not able to exercise these rights through your MailerLite account, California Customers may exercise these rights over their Personal Data by contacting us via this
contact form
.
15.4. MailerLite in terms of CCPA acts as a service provider and we process Personal Data on our Customers’ behalf. Please direct any requests for access or deletion of your Personal Data to the Customers with whom you have a direct relationship.
16. Data Privacy Framework
16.1. MailerLite, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. When providing Services to Customers outside the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom, and Switzerland, MailerLite, Inc. operates in accordance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks ('DPF'), as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as stipulated by the US Department of Commerce. This adherence extends to the collection, processing, utilization, and retention of Personal Data from these regions. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF principles, the principles shall govern. For further information regarding the DPF and to access our certification, please visit the DPF website
here
.
16.2. MailerLite, Inc. falls under the regulatory authority of the US Federal Trade Commission, which possesses investigatory and enforcement powers. Additionally, you have the option to file a complaint with your local data protection authority, and we will collaborate with them to address your concerns. Under specific conditions, as outlined in
Annex I to the DPF Principles
, the DPF provides the right to pursue binding arbitration to resolve complaints that remain unresolved through other channels.
16.3. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, MailerLite, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact MailerLite, Inc. through this
contact form
.
16.4. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S.  DPF, MailerLite, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities  (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office  (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the  EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
16.5. We remain responsible for all the personal information we receive under the DPF and that we subsequently transfer to third parties acting as agents on our behalf if they process personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF principles.
17. Merger or acquisition
17.1. In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Data may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to Process your Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
18. MailerLite as a Controller
18.1. MailerLite acts as a Controller of Personal Data of its employees, contractors, candidates, affiliates and other third parties that are not considered as a Customer. MailerLite undertakes to comply with legal requirements when processing Personal Data as a Controller and implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security of Personal Data as required under GDPR and applicable Data Protection Laws.
19. Changes
19.1. MailerLite reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. All changes are effective immediately upon posting and we suggest that you check this Privacy Policy periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
20. Contacting MailerLite
If you:
would like to request access to the information we hold about you, correct, modify, delete or update Personal Data that you have provided to us, or
have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this site, wish to withdraw your consent for the continued collection, would like to object to your Personal Data being used, or have any additional questions:
Please contact us any time via this
contact form
.
Last updated on February 28, 2025
Sub-policy 4
https://www.zendesk.de/blog/update-privacy-shield-invalidation-european-court-justice/:
Zum Hauptinhalt springen
Ungültigkeitserklärung des Datenschutzschildes und die Praxis von Zendesk
Von Rachel Tobin, AGC EMEA (Globaler Datenschutzbeauftragter)
Zuletzt aktualisiert: 29. Oktober 2020
Am 16. Juli 2020 fällte der Gerichtshof der Europäischen Union („EuGH“) seine Entscheidung in der Rechtssache C-311/18, auch bekannt als
Schrems II
. Die Entscheidung des EuGH bestätigte die Gültigkeit der Standardvertragsklauseln („SCCs“) der Europäischen Kommission für die Verarbeitung von Daten, während die Rahmenbedingungen des EU-US-Datenschutzschilds als Mechanismus zur Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten von der EU in die USA für ungültig erklärt wurde. Der Beschluss verlangt von Unternehmen, die mit der Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten in ein Drittland befasst sind, dass sie vor einer Übermittlung im Rahmen der SCCs eine Bewertung durchführen, um sicherzustellen, dass den betroffenen Personen ein Schutzniveau gewährt wird, das „im Wesentlichen gleichwertig“ ist mit dem in der Europäischen Union („EU“) durch die DSGVO garantierten Schutzniveau. Wenn dieses Schutzniveau nicht allein durch den Rückgriff auf die SCCs erreicht werden kann, muss der Exporteur „ergänzende Maßnahmen“ ergreifen, um die exportierten personenbezogenen Daten nach einem „im Wesentlichen gleichwertigen“ Standard zu schützen.
1. Wie wirkt sich die Entscheidung auf die Nutzung der Dienste durch den Kunden von Zendesk aus?
Zendesk bietet unseren Kunden Auswahlmöglichkeiten, wenn es um den Datenschutz geht. Als Auftragsverarbeiter der Daten seiner Kunden hat Zendesk die Genehmigung für seine verbindlichen internen Datenschutzvorschriften (Binding Corporate Rules, BCR) eingeholt. Damit erhalten unsere Kunden bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste einen robusten Mechanismus zur Übertragung von personenbezogenen Daten aus dem EWR an Mitglieder der Zendesk-Unternehmensfamilie. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer Pressemitteilung, die Sie
hier
abrufen können, und auf unserer Website zum Thema Privatsphäre und Datenschutz, die Sie
hier
finden. Sowohl die verbindlichen internen Datenschutzvorschriften als auch die Standardvertragsklauseln sind in unser Datenverarbeitungsabkommen (Data Processing Agreement, DPA) integriert.
Vor dem Hintergrund der Entscheidung des EuGH und der sich abzeichnenden und erwarteten Leitlinien des Europäischen Datenschutzausschusses und der EU-Kommission haben wir unsere Datenübermittlungsvereinbarungen mit unseren Unterauftragsverarbeitern überprüft und bestätigen, dass gültige Übermittlungsmechanismen vorhanden sind. Eine aktuelle Liste unserer Unterauftragsverarbeiter finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie derzeit eine ADV-Vereinbarung mit Zendesk haben, können Sie den Zendesk-Dienst in Übereinstimmung mit dem europäischen Recht weiterhin nutzen. Die Gerichtsentscheidung „
Schrems II
“ ändert nichts an Ihrer Fähigkeit, innerhalb des Dienstes Daten zwischen der EU und den Vereinigten Staaten zu übermitteln. Bitte beachten Sie auch, dass Sie weder nach dem EuGH-Urteil noch nach der DSGVO verpflichtet sind, personenbezogene Daten in der EU zu hosten.
Wenn Sie ein aktueller Kunde sind und ein Datenverarbeitungsabkommen (DPA) benötigen, können Sie das Formular je nach Bedarf in Ihrer Kundenverwaltungskonsole aufrufen oder
hier
klicken, um zu unserem Datenverarbeitungsabkommen zu gelangen.
2. Zugang der Regierung zu personenbezogenen Daten innerhalb von Kundenkonten
In seiner Entscheidung legte der EuGH fest, dass Unternehmen, die sich auf die SCCs und/oder BCR stützen, sicherstellen sollten, dass betroffene Personen, deren personenbezogene Daten gemäß Standardvertragsklauseln in ein Drittland übermittelt werden, ein Schutzniveau erhalten müssen, das im Wesentlichen dem in der EU durch das DSGVO garantierten Schutzniveau entspricht. Das Gericht legte fest, dass Organisationen beurteilen sollten, ob sie personenbezogene Daten auf der Grundlage der SCCs und/oder der BCR übermitteln können oder nicht, wobei die Umstände der Übermittlung und alle zusätzlichen Maßnahmen, die eine Organisation ergreifen könnte, zu berücksichtigen sind.
Zendesk verfügt über eine klar definierte interne Richtlinie und einen Prozess für Anfragen der Regierung nach Informationen über unsere Kunden, der mit den Regeln 12A und 12B unserer verbindlichen internen Datenschutzvorschriften (BCR) für Auftragsverarbeiter übereinstimmt. Zendesk benachrichtigt den betroffenen Kunden über die Anfrage, es sei denn, dies ist gesetzlich verboten oder es gibt einen klaren und offensichtlichen Hinweis auf illegales Verhalten oder Schadensrisiko. Wir bestätigen ferner, dass wir keine Hintertüren oder andere Methoden in unsere Dienstleistungen eingebaut haben, die es Regierungsbehörden ermöglichen, unsere Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zu umgehen und Zugang zu persönlichen Daten in Kundenkonten zu erhalten.
3. Ergänzende Maßnahmen – Verschlüsselung von Kundendaten
Zendesk verfügt über strenge Datensicherheitspraktiken zum Schutz der Daten seiner Kunden, wie auf unserer
Zendesk Security-Website
ausführlich beschrieben, einschließlich Verschlüsselung:
(i) Verschlüsselung im Transit. Servicedaten, zu denen auch personenbezogene Daten gehören können, werden bei der Kommunikation mit Zendesk-Benutzerschnittstellen (UIs) und Anwendungsprogrammierschnittstellen (APIs) über den Industriestandard HTTPS/TLS (TLS 1.2 oder höher) bei der Übertragung über öffentliche Netzwerke verschlüsselt. Ausnahmen von der Verschlüsselung bei der Übertragung (z. B. bei der Nutzung eines Drittanbieterdienstes, der keine Verschlüsselung unterstützt) sind auf unserer Sicherheitswebsite
hier
detailliert aufgeführt;
(ii) Verschlüsselung im Ruhezustand. Betriebsdaten, zu denen auch personenbezogene Daten gehören können, werden im Ruhezustand von Unterauftragsverarbeitern von Zendesk und Managed Services/Hosting-Anbieter Amazon Web Services Inc. über AES-256 verschlüsselt.
(iii) Zendesk ermöglicht auch kundengenerierte Zertifikate für Daten, die sich im Transit befinden, indem die Host-Mapping-Funktion in ihrem Konto verwendet wird; weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
.
Seit unserer Gründung ist unsere Arbeitsweise fest in einem starken Engagement für Datenschutz, Sicherheit, Gesetzeskonformität und Transparenz verankert. Datenschutz ist ein kontinuierlicher Prozess, und wir bei Zendesk bleiben dem Schutz und der Sicherung der Daten unserer Kunden verpflichtet. Wenn Sie weitere Fragen haben, wenden Sie sich bitte an Ihren Kundenbetreuer.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Zurück zur Startseite
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
1. Übersicht
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Druckfähige PDF-Datei herunterladen
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Aktualisierung 15. April 2024
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns, wenn Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder allgemeine Fragen zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten haben. Ihre Daten werden verwendet, damit wir die Dienste bereitstellen können. Dies erfolgt im Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den maßgeblichen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
1. Übersicht
Diese Datenschutzerklärung zielt darauf ab, Ihnen ausreichende Informationen über die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu bieten, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen und unsere Dienste nutzen (zusammenfassend die „
Dienste“)
. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen.
Die Erläuterung wichtiger Begriffe, die in der Datenschutzerklärung ansonsten nicht definiert werden, finden Sie in Abschnitt 17 (
Begriffsbestimmungen
) am Ende dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
Innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) ist
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
Datenverantwortlicher für personenbezogene Daten, die beim Besuch unserer Website, während des Anmelde- und Antragsverfahrens sowie während Ihrer fortgesetzten Nutzung der Dienste erhoben und verarbeitet werden.
Bezugnahmen auf "wir", "unser", "uns", "
PayPal
" oder "
PayPal-Unternehmen
" in dieser Datenschutzerklärung bezeichnen PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. sowie die Gruppe der Unternehmen, die jeweils die einzelnen Unternehmen direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert, von ihnen kontrolliert wird oder sich mit ihnen in gemeinsamem Besitz befindet.
Einige der Dritten, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, sind unabhängige Datenverantwortliche. Das bedeutet, dass wir nicht diejenigen sind, die bestimmen, wie die von uns weitergegebenen Daten verarbeitet werden. Beispiele sind Behörden, Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute. Wenn Ihre Daten an unabhängige Datenverantwortliche weitergegeben werden, gelten deren Datenrichtlinien. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, ihre Datenschutzerklärungen zu lesen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte zu kennen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei der Übermittlung außerhalb des EWR, Großbritanniens und der Schweiz schützen, finden Sie in Abschnitt 8 (
Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
)
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
Der Zugriff auf unsere Dienste ist auch für Personen ohne PayPal-Konto oder PayPal-Profil möglich. Auch wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, ohne Inhaber eines Kontos zu sein, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein bei der Nutzung der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto", von markenlosen Zahlungsdiensten (wie z.B. Braintree) oder beim Empfang von Zahlungen von Kontoinhabern über unsere Dienste. Der Begriff "Nutzer" bezieht sich daher gleichermaßen auf Personen mit und ohne Konto. Haben Sie kein Konto, erfolgt die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zur Bereitstellung der Dienste und nach Maßgabe dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den jeweiligen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
Wir erheben die folgenden Datenkategorien über Sie, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Benutzererfahrung kontinuierlich zu verbessern und unser Geschäft zu betreiben und weiterzuentwickeln. Die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, werden nachstehend erläutert.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Ihnen
erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihre Interaktionen mit uns und Ihre Nutzung der Dienste:
Anmelde- und Kontaktdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Ihren Namen, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Einkommen, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihre Steuernummer, Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, Informationen über Ihren Beruf, Ihr Beschäftigungsverhältnis oder Ihr Geschäft sowie sonstige Informationen, die zur Einrichtung eines Kontos erforderlich sind.
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Daten, um Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihren amtlichen Ausweis, Ihr Alter und Ihre biometrischen Daten zu überprüfen sowie um Ihre elektronische Unterschrift zu erstellen und auszustellen.
Zahlungsinformationen
. Informationen, wie etwa der von Ihnen gesendete oder angeforderte Betrag, Ihr Zahlungsinstrument, Ihre in Verbindung mit den Diensten verwendete Karte oder Zahlungsquelle, einschließlich der Bezeichnung des Ausstellers, des Kartentyps, des Ländercodes, der Kontonummer des Zahlungskontos, des CVV, des Benutzernamens sowie IBAN-Informationen.
Informationen zu Ihren importierten Kontakten
. Wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Ihre Kontaktlisten zu importieren, erfassen wir Informationen, die Sie über Ihre Kontakte eingeben oder importieren, wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer, Bilder, E-Mail-Adresse oder Benutzernamen, die mit den importierten oder manuell eingegebenen Kontakten verknüpft sind.
Daten in Ihrem Kontoprofil.
Informationen, die Sie freiwillig eingeben, wie etwa Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Mobiltelefonnummer, Ihr Profilbild, Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder die Beschreibung Ihrer Person, die sensible personenbezogene Daten enthalten kann, welche Aufschluss über religiöse Überzeugungen, politische oder philosophische Ansichten, Behinderungen, sexuelle Orientierung sowie biometrische Daten geben. Sie können Ihr Profil jederzeit als "privat" kennzeichnen.
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
. Informationen, die Sie offenlegen, wenn Sie an Umfragen teilnehmen oder unsere Kundendienstteams kontaktieren, wie z. B. von Ihnen genutzte Dienste, aufgezeichnete Gespräche, Chat-Gespräche mit uns, E-Mail-Korrespondenz mit uns, Kontostatus, Rückzahlungsverlauf, Spracherkennung. Dies kann Informationen über andere beinhalten, wenn Sie diese mit uns teilen.
Gerätedaten.
Dies sind Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erhoben werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder die Dienste genutzt wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem der Typ, die Netzwerkverbindungen, der Name, die IP-Adresse und Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts sowie Informationen zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Abgeleitete Daten.
Wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, können wir aus Ihren Transaktionen und personenbezogenen Daten gegebenenfalls weitere Daten ableiten. Dies erfolgt unter anderem, um Ihr Konto zu schützen und Sie bei der Nutzung der Dienste vor Betrug zu bewahren. Zu den abgeleiteten Daten können beispielsweise Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben, Browsing- und Kaufgewohnheiten sowie Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit gehören.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Dritten
erhoben werden, einschließlich von Identitätsprüfern, Datenbrokern, Anbietern, die uns bei der Betrugserkennung helfen, Ihrer Bank, Händlern oder Drittanbieterplattformen, über die Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Daten aus den von Ihnen verknüpften Drittkonten
. Wenn Sie ein Finanzkonto oder ein Konto ohne Finanzbezug verknüpfen, wie z.B. Ihr persönliches E-Mail-Konto, Ihre Konten in sozialen Medien oder Ihre Bank- oder Kreditkonten, erheben wir Informationen, die mit dem angegebenen Zweck in Verbindung stehen, zu dem die Verknüpfung erfolgt ist. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise für die Teilnahme an
Open Banking
entscheiden, erheben wir von Ihren verknüpften Konten die Kontoanmeldedaten, Kontostände, Kontotransaktionen und Informationen über Ihre finanzielle Situation. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung zur Nutzung dieser Funktion jederzeit ändern und die Verknüpfung mit den betreffenden Konten aufheben.
Informationen von Auskunfteien
. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig, erfassen wir im Rahmen Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste kreditbezogene Informationen wie ausstehende und historische Schulden, Rückzahlungshistorie, frühere Kreditgenehmigungen, aktuelle Arbeitsverhältnisse und Beziehungen zu anderen Finanzinstituten.
Transaktionsdaten
. Informationen zu Ihren Bestelldetails und Einkäufen, wie z.B. Artikelbeschreibung, Menge, Preis, Währung, Lieferadresse, Online-Warenkorbinformationen, Verkäufer- und Käuferinformationen und Zahlungsinformationen. Dazu gehören Informationen aus Ihren Transaktionen, bei denen Sie unsere Dienste ohne ein PayPal-Konto nutzen (z. B. Zahlen ohne PayPal-Konto).
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
. In Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht (u.a. Gesetz zur Geldwäscheprävention) können dies Informationen aus externen Sanktionslisten wie Name, Geburtsdatum, Geburtsort, Beruf und der Grund, warum die betreffende Person auf der betreffenden Liste steht, umfassen.
Anwendungen von Drittanbietern
. Informationen von anderen aus Ihrer Nutzung von Anwendungen von Drittanbietern, wie dem Apple App Store oder Google Play Store, sozialen Netzwerken, wie Name, Ihre soziale Netzwerk-ID, Standortinformationen, E-Mail, Geräte-ID, Browser-ID und Profilbild. Ihre Nutzung von Anwendungen Dritter unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung und den Nutzungsbedingungen für solche Anwendungen.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die durch Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien sowie von Ihren Geräten automatisch über Sie erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihren Zugriff auf unsere Website oder PayPal-App:
Technische Nutzungsdaten
. Informationen über die Antwortzeit für Webseiten, Download-Fehler und Datum und Uhrzeit Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes, wie z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Statistiken darüber, wie Seiten geladen oder angezeigt werden, die Websites, die Sie besucht haben, bevor Sie auf die Websites gelangten, und andere Nutzungs- und Browsing-Informationen, die durch Cookies erhoben werden ("
Technische Nutzungsdaten
").
Informationen von Ihrem Gerät
. Informationen über Ihre Spracheinstellungen, IP-Adresse, Browser-ID, Geräte-ID, Cookie-Einstellungen, Zeitzone, Betriebssystem, Plattform, Bildschirmauflösung und ähnliche Informationen über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen sowie Daten, die von Cookies oder anderen Tracking-Technologien erfasst werden,
Standortinformationen
. Informationen aus IP-basierter Geolokalisierung wie Breiten- und Längengraddaten und Global Positioning System (GPS)-Informationen, wenn Sie uns über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen die Erlaubnis erteilen.
Abgeleitete Daten
. Rückschlüsse, die gezogen werden, um ein Profil über Sie zu erstellen, das Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben wie Geschlecht, Einkommen, Surf- und Kaufgewohnheiten und Kreditwürdigkeit widerspiegeln kann.
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
Die
Verarbeitung
Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten kann aus einer Vielzahl von Gründen erfolgen, die nach dem maßgeblichen Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU), Großbritanniens und der Schweiz und unter Beachtung der nachstehenden Rechtsgrundlagen zulässig sind:
Wir erheben die folgenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir für
erforderlich halten, um unsere vorvertraglichen und vertraglichen Verpflichtungen
Ihnen gegenüber zu erfüllen, und ohne die Sie die Dienste nicht nutzen können.
Zu diesen erforderlichen Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten gehören:
Informationen zu Ihrer Registrierung und Kontaktinformationen
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
Zahlungsinformationen
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
Transaktionsdaten
Tracking von Paketen
Dienstspezifische personenbezogene Daten
Informationen von Auskunfteien und Finanzinstituten
Informationen aus Ihren verbundenen Finanzkonten
Daten aus Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste
Technische Nutzungsdaten
Gerätedaten
Standortdaten
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört
:
die Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden vertraglichen Verpflichtungen und die sonstige Betreuung unserer Geschäftsbeziehung zu Ihnen;
Ihre Zahlung für Produkte und die Kundenbeziehung zu verwalten.
Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Bewerbung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität und Ihre Kontaktdaten zu bestätigen und Sie und andere vor Betrug zu schützen.
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch durch Verwendung von elektronischen Signaturen, und die Verifizierung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
nachzuweisen, dass Transaktionen ausgeführt wurden.
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
die Einhaltung interner Verfahren.
zu beurteilen, welche Zahlungsmöglichkeiten und Dienstleistungen wir Ihnen anbieten, beispielsweise durch die Durchführung interner und externer Bonitätsprüfungen.
Kundenanalyse, Verwaltung unserer Dienste und interne Vorgänge, z.B. Fehlerbehebung, Datenanalyse, Tests, Forschung und statistische Zwecke.
mit Ihnen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste zu kommunizieren.
geltende Gesetze der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten einzuhalten, wie z.B. Gesetze zur Geldwäscheprävention und Buchungsaufbewahrung sowie Vorschriften, die von unseren benannten Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken herausgegeben werden.
Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, sicherzustellen, dass PayPal ein sicherer Finanzdienstleister bleibt und weiterhin Dienstleistungen anbietet, die innovativ und von Interesse für Sie sind. Wir tun dies,
sofern unsere berechtigten Interessen nicht durch Ihr Recht auf Nichtverarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu diesem Zweck überwiegen
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
sicherzustellen, dass Inhalte auf die für Sie und Ihr Gerät effektivste Weise dargestellt werden.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
die Ermittlung Ihrer Berechtigung zur Inanspruchnahme von Diensten, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, z.B. durch Vornahme interner Bonitätsprüfungen, und die damit verbundene Kommunikation mit Ihnen;
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
die Weiterentwicklung unserer Dienste sowie allgemeine Geschäftsentwicklungszwecke, wie z.B. die Optimierung von Risikomodellen zur Betrugsreduzierung, die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen und die Erschließung neuer Geschäftsmöglichkeiten;
die fortlaufende Aktualisierung Ihrer Konto- und Finanzdaten;
Marketing-, Produkt- und Kundenanalysen, einschließlich Tests, dazu gehören beispielsweise die Verbesserung unserer Produktpalette und die Optimierung unseres Kundenangebots.
Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, wie z.B. der Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie der aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und der von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Wir führen auch Sanktionsprüfungen durch, melden Steuerbehörden, Polizeivollzugsbehörden, Vollstreckungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden, wenn wir nicht durch EU-Recht und das Recht der Mitgliedstaaten dazu verpflichtet sind, aber wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe der Informationen erforderlich ist, um die geltenden Vorschriften einzuhalten.
die Ermöglichung Ihrer Teilnahme an Wettbewerben, Angeboten und Veranstaltungen;
Durchführung von Verpflichtungen zum Risikomanagement wie Kreditleistung und Qualität, Versicherungsrisiken und Erfüllung der Eigenkapitalanforderungen nach geltendem Recht.
die Verarbeitung von Daten über Ihre Kontakte, um Ihnen das Auffinden dieser Kontakte zu erleichtern und sich mit ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen, sowie die Verbesserung der Zahlungssicherheit;
indem Sie uns Daten über Ihre Kontakte übermitteln, erklären Sie, dass Sie befugt sind, diese Daten für die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Zwecke an PayPal weiterzugeben;
Ihnen Informationen, Nachrichten und Werbung über unsere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen, einschließlich wo wir uns mit anderen zusammengetan haben, um ähnliche Dienstleistungen anzubieten.
Informationen über Sie zu assoziieren, um Ihre Nutzung der Dienste ohne PayPal-Konto zu identifizieren (z. B. Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto) oder Markenlose Dienste (z.B. Braintree) und um solche Transaktionen mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen, wenn Sie ein Konto haben oder später ein Konto einrichten.
die Speicherung Ihrer Präferenzen für die nächste Nutzung der Dienste, z.B. Ihre bevorzugte Zahlungsmethode oder ob Sie beim Bezahlen digitale Quittungen per E-Mail oder SMS erhalten möchten;
Wir sind nach dem EU- und dem Mitgliedstaaten-Recht gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, bestimmte Verarbeitungstätigkeiten durchzuführen.
Wir tun dies, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um geltende Gesetze einzuhalten
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste und Produkte;
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch zu Unterschriftszwecken, und die Überprüfung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
geltendes Recht einzuhalten, wie z.B. die Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie die aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und die von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Ebenso führen wir Sanktionsprüfungen durch und machen Meldungen an Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden.
Wir stützen uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihre ausdrückliche und freiwillige Einwilligung,
damit Sie in den Genuss bestimmter Funktionen kommen können, die zwar für die Nutzung der Dienste nicht notwendig, für Sie jedoch möglicherweise von Interesse sind, wie z.B. die Synchronisierung Ihrer Kontaktliste mit Ihrem Konto, die Bereitstellung von biometrischen Daten, gezielte Werbung, die Verknüpfung Ihres E-Mail-Kontos für das Tracking von Paketen oder die Verbindung mit einer Plattform Dritter. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung über die Nutzung dieser Funktionen jederzeit in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung die Rechtmäßigkeit einer von uns vor dem Widerruf durchgeführten Verarbeitung nicht berührt. Weitere Informationen über Ihr Recht auf Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung finden Sie in Abschnitt 10 (“
Ihre Datenschutzrechte
”).
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weiter, wenn eine Rechtsgrundlage dafür besteht.
Dies umfasst:
Andere PayPal-Unternehmen
, um Ihnen die Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie in unserem berechtigten Interesse an der Ausübung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit. Diese Interessen werden in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
näher erläutert. Das PayPal-Unternehmen, das Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhält, verarbeitet diese in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Behörden
, soweit wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind. Dazu zählen Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden in den jeweils maßgeblichen Ländern. Wir können auch verpflichtet sein, zuständigen Behörden, wie beispielsweise den Finanzbehörden, Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Dies kann Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und Informationen zu Kartentransaktionen umfassen, die wir in Ihrem Auftrag über unsere Dienste abwickeln. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Einhaltung von Offenlegungspflichten, die sich aus dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten ergeben, ist die bestehende rechtliche Verpflichtung. Soweit die Offenlegung nicht auf dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten beruht, ist die Rechtsgrundlage unser berechtigtes Interesse und die Einhaltung geltender Vorschriften zur Verhinderung widerrechtlichen Verhaltens.
Andere Finanzinstitute und Kartennetzwerke
, um die Zahlungsabwicklung zu erleichtern, gemeinsam ein Produkt anzubieten oder Karten Ihrer E-Börse hinzuzufügen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Offenlegung ist die Erfüllung des zwischen Ihnen und uns bestehenden Vertrags. Die betreffenden Parteien können auch für andere berechtigte Zwecke auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, wie etwa Identitätsprüfung, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Betrugsbekämpfungs- und Identitätsprüfungsbehörden
, zum Beispiel, um uns bei der Erkennung von Aktivitäten zu unterstützen, die auf Betrug hindeuten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Inkassobüros
, beispielsweise um unbezahlte überfällige Forderungen durch Dritte wie ein Inkassobüro einzuziehen. Wir tun dies auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses, Geschäfte zu tätigen und Schulden einzutreiben. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Datenschutzerklärung dieser Parteien für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten gilt, die Sie ihnen direkt mitteilen, und dass sie Ihre unbezahlten Schulden Kreditauskunfteien melden können, was Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit oder Ihre Fähigkeit zur Sicherung zukünftiger Kredite beeinträchtigen kann.
Dienstanbieter
, die in unserem Auftrag und nach unseren Weisungen Dienstleistungen erbringen, die wir an sie ausgelagert haben, wie z.B. Marketing, IT-Entwicklung, Wartung, Hosting und Support sowie Kundenserviceleistungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten.
Andere Nutzer, soweit dies ausweislich Ihrer Kontoeinstellungen zulässig ist
. Über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen können Sie anderen Nutzern bestimmte Informationen wie Ihr Profilfoto, Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihren Benutzernamen oder Ihren Wohnort anzeigen oder zugänglich machen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Ihre Einwilligung. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen jederzeit und kostenfrei ändern können.
Finanzinstitute in Verbindung mit Ihrer Teilnahme an Open Banking
, z.B. wenn Sie eine Kontoverbindung mit einer anderen Bank, einem Kartenkonto oder einem Aggregator einleiten. Wir prüfen daher, ob Sie über genügend Geld verfügen, oder bestätigen, dass Sie der Inhaber des Kontos sind. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto verknüpfen, ist die Rechtsgrundlage für den Zugriff auf Ihre Kontodaten die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber Ihnen.
Partner und Händler, deren Dienstanbieter und sonstige Transaktionsbeteiligte
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise die Dienste nutzen, um Online-Einkäufe zu tätigen, Zahlungen an andere Nutzer vorzunehmen oder Waren zurückzugeben, können wir Informationen über Sie und Ihr Konto an die anderen Parteien weitergeben, die an der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktionen beteiligt sind. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse. Bitte beachten Sie, dass für personenbezogene Daten, die an Partner und Händler (oder deren Dienstanbieter) weitergegeben werden, welche an einer Transaktion beteiligt sind, die eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Verfahren der Partner und Händler gelten.
Externe, unabhängige Datenverantwortliche
, wenn wir beispielsweise personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute weitergeben oder an Sicherheitsprodukte, um zu verhindern, dass Bots auf unsere Dienste zugreifen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie direkt an diese Parteien weitergeben, deren Datenschutzerklärungen gelten
. So verwenden wir beispielsweise reCAPTCHA von Google, um Missbrauch unserer Dienste zu verhindern, wenn Sie auf unsere PayPal-App zugreifen. Die
Datenschutzerklärung
und die
Nutzungsbedingungen
von Google gelten für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie an Google weitergeben. Weitere Informationen zu Kreditauskunfteien, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit zu bewerten, finden Sie in Abschnitt 12 (
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
).
Käufer oder sonstige Weitergabe in Verbindung mit einer Geschäftsübertragung
. Wenn wir beispielsweise ein Geschäft oder Vermögenswerte veräußern, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an einen Käufer dieses Geschäfts oder dieser Vermögenswerte weitergeben. Ebenso können personenbezogene Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn PayPal oder ein wesentlicher Teil des PayPal-Vermögens von einer dritten Partei erworben wird. PayPal hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, derartige Transaktionen durchführen zu können.
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange, wie es im Rahmen des Zwecks, für den sie erhoben wurden, und in Übereinstimmung mit dem geltenden Recht benötigt oder zulässig ist.
Die Kriterien für die Bestimmung der Aufbewahrungsfrist lauten:
Personenbezogene Daten, die für die laufende Beziehung zwischen Ihnen und PayPal genutzt werden, werden für die Dauer der Beziehung zuzüglich eines Zeitraums von zehn Jahren gespeichert
Personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf eine rechtliche Verpflichtung, der wir unterliegen, werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht aufbewahrt, wie z.B. gemäß geltendem Insolvenzrecht und AML-Verpflichtungen.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange wie nötig, wenn die Aufbewahrung angesichts von Rechtsstreitigkeiten, Ermittlungen, Audit- und Compliance-Praktiken oder zum Schutz vor Rechtsansprüchen ratsam ist.
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
Da wir in zahlreichen Ländern tätig sind, kann es vorkommen, dass wir (oder unsere Dienstanbieter) Ihre Daten außerhalb des Landes, in dem Sie leben, übermitteln und verarbeiten. Um Ihre Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen Ländern zu verarbeiten und zu speichern, setzen wir externe Dienstanbieter ein. In den betreffenden Ländern ist nicht immer ein gleichwertiger Datenschutz gegeben. Wir haben daher konkrete Maßnahmen in Übereinstimmung mit dem Datenschutzrecht der EU und Großbritanniens getroffen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen. Bei der Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwischen PayPal-Unternehmen stützen wir uns auf von den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden genehmigte bindende Unternehmensregeln (abrufbar
hier
). Andere Übermittlungen erfolgen auf der Grundlage von Standardvertragsklauseln, die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigt wurden, damit gewährleistet ist, dass Ihre Daten einen hohen Schutzstandard genießen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte gewahrt bleiben.
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
Wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren, E-Mails öffnen, die wir Ihnen senden, oder eine Website eines Drittanbieters besuchen, für die wir Dienste bereitstellen, verwenden wir und unsere Partner Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien wie Pixel-Tags, Web-Beacons und Widgets (zusammen „
Cookies
“), um Sie als Benutzer zu erkennen, Ihre Online-Erfahrungen und Online-Inhalte anzupassen, einschließlich um Ihnen interessenbezogene Werbung bereitzustellen, Analysen durchzuführen, Risiken zu mindern und potenziellen Betrug zu verhindern und Vertrauen und Sicherheit auf unseren Websites und Diensten zu fördern. Bestimmte Aspekte und Funktionen unserer Dienste und Websites sind nur durch die Verwendung von Cookies verfügbar. Wenn Sie also bestimmte Cookies ablehnen, kann Ihre Nutzung der Websites und Dienste eingeschränkt oder nicht möglich sein.
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Ihre Geräteinformationen, Informationen zu Internetaktivitäten und Rückschlüsse wie oben beschrieben zu sammeln.
Cookies helfen uns, Folgendes zu tun:
Ihre Daten zu speichern, damit Sie sie nicht erneut eingeben müssen
Zu verfolgen und verstehen, wie Sie unsere Online-Dienste und E-Mails nutzen und mit ihnen interagieren
Unsere Online-Dienste an Ihre Einstellungen anzupassen
Zu messen, wie nützlich und effektiv unsere Dienste und Kommunikation für Sie sind
Unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verwalten und zu verbessern
Do Not Track (DNT) ist eine optionale Browser-Einstellung, mit der Sie Ihre Präferenzen bezüglich der Nachverfolgung Ihrer Handlungen im Internet durch Werbetreibende und andere Dritte festlegen können. Derzeit sind unsere Websites nicht darauf ausgelegt, auf DNT-Signale oder ähnliche Mechanismen von Browsern zu reagieren.
Näheres zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies erfahren Sie in unserer
Erklärung zu Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
.
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Nach geltendem Datenschutzrecht haben Sie bestimmte Rechte, unsere Erfassung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu kontrollieren. Zu Ihren Rechten gehören:
Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung Ihrer Informationen
Wir erkennen an, wie wichtig es ist, dass Sie die Kontrolle über die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben. Daher bieten wir Ihnen verschiedene Möglichkeiten, Ihre Rechte auf Zugriff, Auskunft, Berichtigung (durch Korrektur oder Aktualisierung), Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung der Verarbeitung ganz oder teilweise auszuüben.
Wenn Sie ein Konto haben, können Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie in den Kontoeinstellungen der PayPal-App auf "Daten und Datenschutz" zugreifen. Auch ohne Konto (z.B. wenn Sie die Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" nutzen) können Sie in Bezug auf Daten zu Transaktionen, die mit der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" durchgeführt wurden, Auskunft, Änderung, Berichtigung oder Löschung verlangen. Ersuchen zu den Daten einer anderen Person können Sie einreichen, indem Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen, sofern Sie ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt sind. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir von Ihnen gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Verifizierungsinformationen anfordern.
Ihr Recht, den automatisierten Entscheidungen und der Profilerstellung zu widersprechen
Falls Sie im Rahmen der unten beschriebenen automatisierten Entscheidungen nicht zugelassen sind, haben Sie keinen Zugang zu unseren Dienstleistungen, wie beispielsweise unseren Zahlungsmethoden. PayPal verfügt über verschiedene Sicherheitsmechanismen, um die Angemessenheit der Entscheidungen zu gewährleisten. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Überprüfungen unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und fallweise Stichproben. Wenn Sie bezüglich des Ergebnisses Bedenken haben, können Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir werden dann überprüfen, ob das Verfahren korrekt durchgeführt wurde.
Sie haben das Recht, einer automatisierten Entscheidung zu widersprechen, wenn deren Rechtsfolgen oder Ergebnisse geeignet sind, (zusammen mit dem entsprechenden Profiling) in sonstiger Weise erhebliche Auswirkungen auf Sie zu haben, indem Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir prüfen die Entscheidung sodann unter Berücksichtigung der zusätzlichen Umstände.
Zustimmung
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung verwenden, haben Sie im Allgemeinen das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung aufgrund der Zustimmung vor ihrem Widerruf zu beeinträchtigen.
Die Rechtmäßigkeit einer Verarbeitung, die vor Ihrem Widerruf stattgefunden hat, wird durch den Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung nicht berührt. Das gleiche gilt für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage eines anderen Rechtsgrundes als Ihrer Einwilligung.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen Direktmarketing
Sofern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für Direktmarketingzwecke verwenden, können Sie jederzeit Ihre Berechtigungseinstellungen ändern, widersprechen und sich über den Abmeldelink in elektronischen Mitteilungen bzw. über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen von zukünftigen Direktmarketingnachrichten abmelden.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Verarbeitung berechtigter Interessen
Verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfolgung berechtigter Interessen von uns oder einem Dritten, haben Sie das Recht, der Verwendung für diesen Zweck zu widersprechen. Näheres dazu finden Sie in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
Wie nehmen Sie Ihre Rechte wahr, und wie können Sie uns oder die Datenschutzbehörde kontaktieren?
Wenn Sie aus irgendeinem Grund mit unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unzufrieden sind, haben Sie das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz in Ihrem Land einzureichen.
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie online oder per Post unter PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre Rechte verletzt wurden, können Sie auch bei
den örtlichen Gerichten
Rechtsmittel einlegen.
Sie können auch bei der für uns zuständigen
führenden Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz
, der Nationalen Kommission für Datenschutz des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (CNPD), eine Beschwerde einreichen. Die betreffende Postanschrift lautet: Commission nationale pour la protection des données, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxemburg.
Der Vertreter im Vereinigten Königreich kann per Post für alle Anfragen zum Datenschutz in Großbritannien bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP kontaktiert werden.
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
"
Automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung
" ist der Prozess der vollautomatischen Entscheidungsfindung ohne menschliche Beteiligung. In einigen Fällen könnten diese Entscheidungen
rechtliche oder ähnlich erhebliche Auswirkungen
auf Sie als natürliche Person haben. "
Profiling
" bezeichnet Analysen der Persönlichkeit, des Verhaltens, des Interesses und der Gewohnheiten einer Person, um Vorhersagen oder Entscheidungen über sie zu treffen. Soweit dies nach dem Recht der EU oder der Mitgliedstaaten zulässig oder für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags erforderlich ist, können wir in einigen Fällen automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling für Entscheidungen verwenden. Ein Beispiel für unseren Einsatz automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung ist die Bewertung Ihrer Kreditwürdigkeit, um Ihre Eignung für bestimmte Kreditprodukte zu beurteilen.
Wir glauben, dass PayPal durch das automatische Treffen solcher Entscheidungen seine Objektivität und Transparenz bei der Entscheidung, welche Dienste Ihnen angeboten werden, erhöht. Wir setzen mehrere Sicherheitsmechanismen ein, um sicherzustellen, dass die Entscheidungen angemessen sind. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Übersichten unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und Stichproben im Einzelfall. Sie können stattdessen jederzeit eine manuelle Entscheidungsfindung verlangen, Ihre Meinung äußern oder eine Entscheidungsfindung anfechten, die ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung, einschließlich Profiling, beruht, wenn eine solche Entscheidung
rechtliche Wirkung entfaltet oder Sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinträchtigt
. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie diesen Entscheidungen widersprechen können, finden Sie in Abschnitt 10
("Ihre Datenschutzrechte")
.
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr über die Nutzung von automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling erfahren möchten.
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
Haben Sie einen Kredit beantragt oder nutzen Sie unsere Kreditdienste, können wir zur Bearbeitung Ihres Antrags Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben, die uns Informationen über Sie geben, wie z.B. Ihre Finanzhistorie. Dies geschieht, um Kreditwürdigkeit und Produkteignung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, offene Forderungen zu ermitteln und einzuziehen sowie kriminelle Handlungen zu verhindern.
Die Rechtsgrundlagen für diese Übermittlungen finden sich in Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe b (vertraglich) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe f (berechtigtes Interesse) der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung ("EU-DSGVO").
Wir werden auch weiterhin laufend Informationen über Sie mit Kreditauskunfteien austauschen, einschließlich über Ihre beglichenen Konten und alle Schulden, die nicht rechtzeitig vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden. Diese Informationen können von CRAs an andere Organisationen weitergegeben werden, um ähnliche Überprüfungen durchzuführen und Ihren Aufenthaltsort zu ermitteln und Schulden einzutreiben.
Ihre Daten werden auch mit den Daten aller gemeinsamen Bewerber oder anderer Finanzpartner verknüpft.
So erfahren Sie mehr
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr darüber erfahren möchten, welche Kreditauskunfteien wir für eine bestimmte Suche eingesetzt haben.
Hier
finden Sie die Liste der in Großbritannien und dem EWR genutzten Kreditauskunfteien, einschließlich der Identitäten der in den jeweiligen Ländern genutzten Kreditauskunfteien und eines Links zu deren Datenschutzerklärung, aus der Sie entnehmen können, wie diese personenbezogene Daten verwenden und weitergeben, einschließlich der Dauer der Speicherung dieser personenbezogenen Daten. Sie können sich an die Kreditauskunfteien, die im Land Ihres Wohnsitzes tätig sind, direkt wenden, wenn Sie Fragen zu deren Dienstleistungen, Ihrem Kreditscore oder zu den über Sie gespeicherten Daten haben. Das gleiche gilt, wenn Sie gegenüber den Kreditauskunfteien Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person ausüben möchten.
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
Wir führen technische, physische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen durch, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen vor Verlust, Missbrauch, unbefugtem Zugriff, Weitergabe und Änderung zu schützen. Zu diesen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen gehören Firewalls, Datenverschlüsselung, physische Zugangsbeschränkungen für unsere Rechenzentren und Berechtigungskontrollen für den Zugriff auf Daten. Wir sorgen für die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste. Für die Sicherheit und die Geheimhaltung Ihres Passworts bzw. Ihrer Passwörter und Ihres Kontoprofils bzw. Ihrer Anmeldedaten sind Sie jedoch selbst verantwortlich. Darüber hinaus liegt es in Ihrer Verantwortung zu prüfen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie besitzen, richtig und auf dem aktuellen Stand sind. Wir haften nicht für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten, die wir auf Grundlage einer von Ihnen autorisierten Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben.
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, von Kindern unter 16 Jahren oder anderen Personen, die rechtlich nicht in der Lage sind, unsere Websites und Dienste zu nutzen. Wenn wir tatsächliche Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der unsere Dienste nicht nutzen darf, werden wir diese unverzüglich löschen, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich verpflichtet, diese Daten aufzubewahren.
Bitte
kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie glauben, dass wir irrtümlich oder unbeabsichtigt Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der zur Nutzung unserer Dienste nicht berechtigt ist.
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird von Zeit zu Zeit überarbeitet, um Änderungen an unserer Geschäftstätigkeit, unseren Diensten oder den geltenden Gesetzen Rechnung zu tragen. Wenn nach geltendem Recht auf die überarbeitete Fassung hinzuweisen ist, informieren wir Sie 30 Tage im Voraus durch Bekanntgabe der Änderung auf der Seite
AGB-Aktualisierungen
oder der Seite
Datenschutzerklärung
. Andernfalls wird die überarbeitete Datenschutzerklärung ab dem angegebenen Startdatum wirksam.
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
In der Regel verlangt das luxemburgische Recht, dem PayPal (in Bezug auf Datenschutz und Bankgeheimnis) unterliegt, einen höheren Grad an Transparenz als die meisten anderen Rechtsordnungen in der EU. Im Gegensatz zu den meisten Anbietern von Internet- oder Finanzdienstleistungen in der EU listen wir daher in dieser Datenschutzerklärung die Drittanbieter und Geschäftspartner, die Dienstleistungen für uns erbringen und denen gegenüber wir Ihre Daten offenlegen, sowie den Zweck der Offenlegung und die Art der offengelegten Daten auf. Einen Link zu diesen Drittanbietern finden Sie
hier
. Dadurch, dass Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung annehmen und ein Konto bei PayPal haben, willigen Sie ausdrücklich in die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an diese Drittanbieter für die aufgeführten Zwecke ein.
PayPal kann die oben genannte Drittanbieterliste am ersten Werktag eines jeden Quartals (d.h. im Januar, April, Juli und Oktober) aktualisieren. PayPal beginnt erst 30 Tage nach dem Datum der Veröffentlichung der Liste innerhalb der Datenschutzerklärung mit der Übermittlung von Daten an eines der in der jeweiligen Aktualisierung neu aufgeführten Unternehmen oder für die dort neu aufgeführten Zwecke oder Datentypen. Sie sollten sich in jedem Quartal zu den oben genannten Terminen auf der PayPal-Website erneut mit der Liste vertraut machen. Wenn Sie der neuen Form der Datenübertragung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der aktualisierten Drittanbieterliste widersprechen, gelten die Änderungen der Liste und dieser Datenschutzerklärung als von Ihnen angenommen. Sind Sie mit den Änderungen nicht einverstanden, steht es Ihnen frei, Ihr Konto zu schließen und unsere Dienste nicht mehr zu nutzen.
Um die PayPal-Dienste bereitstellen zu können, müssen wir möglicherweise bestimmte Daten, die wir (wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegt) erhoben haben, an andere mit PayPal verbundene Unternehmen oder sonstige Stellen übermitteln, einschließlich solcher, die gemäß diesem Abschnitt eine Funktion als Zahlungsdienstleister, Zahlungsanbieter oder Kontoinhaber (oder ähnliche Funktionen) erfüllen. Sie erkennen an, dass diese Stellen in ihren jeweiligen Rechtsordnungen Gesetzen, Vorschriften, Untersuchungen, Ermittlungen oder Anordnungen unterworfen sein können, durch die sie zur Weitergabe von Daten an die zuständigen Behörden des betreffenden Landes verpflichtet sind. Durch die Nutzung der PayPal-Dienste willigen Sie in die Übermittlung solcher Daten durch uns zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie ein.
Insbesondere stimmen Sie allen folgenden Datenverarbeitungsmaßnahmen zu und weisen PayPal an, diese vorzunehmen:
a. Offenlegung notwendiger Informationen gegenüber der Polizei und anderen Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Sicherheitskräften, zuständigen staatlichen, zwischenstaatlichen oder überstaatlichen Stellen, zuständigen Behörden, Abteilungen, Aufsichtsbehörden, Selbstregulierungsbehörden oder -organisationen (einschließlich der
hier
im Abschnitt "Behörden" der Drittanbieterliste genannten Stellen) und anderen Dritten, einschließlich Unternehmen der PayPal-Gruppe, (i) deren Weisungen wir gesetzlich verpflichtet und befugt sind, einzuhalten, unter anderem aufgrund der luxemburgischen Gesetze vom 24. Juli 2015 über das US-amerikanische Gesetz zur Einhaltung der Steuervorschriften für Auslandskonten ("FATCA-Gesetz") und vom 18. Dezember 2015 über die einvernehmlich festgelegten Standards für die Berichterstattung der OECD ("CRS-Gesetz"), (ii) bei denen wir Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass die Kooperation mit ihnen bei der Untersuchung von Betrugsfällen oder sonstigen tatsächlichen oder mutmaßlichen widerrechtlichen Aktivitäten geboten ist, oder (iii) zur Ermittlung von Verstößen gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen (dies gilt auch für Ihre Zahlungsquelle oder Ihren Kredit- oder Debitkartenanbieter).
Wenn Sie in den Geltungsbereich des FATCA- oder des CRS-Gesetzes fallen, sind wir dazu verpflichtet, Sie über die Weitergabe von Daten an die jeweiligen Behörden zu unterrichten. Informieren Sie sich über die Verpflichtungen von PayPal nach dem FATCA- und dem CRS-Gesetz sowie darüber, welche Auswirkungen diese Verpflichtungen für Sie haben können und welche Informationen wir gegebenenfalls im Zuge dieser Verpflichtungen weitergeben.
Wir und weitere Organisationen, einschließlich von Unternehmen, die Zahlungen über PayPal akzeptieren, können notwendige Daten (darunter auch Daten, die von Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen aufgezeichnet wurden, und Daten aus anderen Ländern) zum Zwecke der Bewertung und Verwaltung von Risiken (wie z.B. zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung) weitergeben, nutzen und auf sie zugreifen. Bitte wenden Sie sich an uns, wenn Sie weitere Informationen über die jeweiligen Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen wünschen. Klicken Sie
hier
, um weitere Informationen zu diesen Behörden, den Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen und sonstigen Dritten zu erhalten.
b. Offenlegung von Kontoinformationen gegenüber Inhabern von geistigem Eigentum, wenn diese nach dem maßgeblichen nationalen Recht eines EU-Mitgliedstaates einen außergerichtlichen Auskunftsanspruch gegen PayPal aufgrund einer Verletzung ihrer geistigen Eigentumsrechte haben, bei der PayPal-Dienste genutzt wurden (zum Beispiel § 19, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Markengesetzes oder § 101, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Urheberrechtsgesetzes).
c. Obligatorische Offenlegung aufgrund von Kreditkartenbestimmungen oder in straf- oder zivilrechtlichen Verfahren.
d. Offenlegung Ihres Namens und PayPal-Links im PayPal-Benutzerverzeichnis. Ihre Daten werden anderen PayPal-Kunden angezeigt, wenn diese eine Suche anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer oder eines Teils dieser Angaben durchführen. Dadurch soll sichergestellt werden, dass Zahlungen an den richtigen Empfänger erfolgen. Diese Funktion kann in den PayPal-Profileinstellungen deaktiviert werden.
e. Nutzen Sie als Händler einen Dritten für den Zugriff auf PayPal oder die Integration von PayPal, können wir notwendige Informationen an diesen Dritten zur Umsetzung und Verwaltung der betreffenden Vereinbarungen weitergeben (darunter den Status Ihrer PayPal-Integration, ob Sie ein aktives PayPal-Konto haben und ob Sie bereits mit einem anderen PayPal-Integrationspartner arbeiten).
f. Offenlegung notwendiger Daten gegenüber Zahlungsanbietern, Wirtschaftsprüfern, Kundenservice-Anbietern, Kreditauskunfteien und Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen, Anbietern von Finanzprodukten, Handelspartnern, Marketing- und PR-Unternehmen, Anbietern von operativen Dienstleistungen, Konzerngesellschaften, Agenturen, Marktplätzen und sonstigen Dritten, die
hier
aufgeführt sind. Zweck der Offenlegung ist die Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie. In der Drittanbieterliste haben wir außerdem unter jeder Kategorie nicht abschließende Beispiele von Drittanbietern (einschließlich deren Abtretungsempfängern und Rechtsnachfolgern) aufgeführt, gegenüber denen eine Offenlegung Ihrer Kontoinformationen derzeit tatsächlich stattfindet oder in Betracht gezogen werden kann. Neben dem Zweck der Offenlegung haben wir auch die offengelegten Informationen angegeben (soweit nicht anders angegeben, ist es diesen Drittanbietern gesetzlich bzw. vertraglich untersagt, die Informationen für einen anderen als den vorgesehenen Zweck zu nutzen).
g. Offenlegung erforderlicher Daten gegenüber Ihren Vertretern bzw. Verfahrensbevollmächtigten (z.B. dem Inhaber einer von Ihnen erteilten Vollmacht oder einem für Sie bestellten Vormund).
h. Offenlegung von zusammengefassten Statistikdaten an unsere Geschäftspartner oder PR-Partner. Wir können beispielsweise offenlegen, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz unserer Kunden in einer bestimmten Stadt lebt. Diese zusammengefassten Daten enthalten keine personenbezogenen Daten.
i. Weitergabe notwendiger Kontoinformationen an nicht mit uns verbundene (
hier
aufgeführte) Drittanbieter zu folgenden Zwecken:
Betrugsprävention und Risikosteuerung: Prävention von Betrug sowie Bewertung und Steuerung von Risiken.
Kundenservice: zu Zwecken des Kundenservice, einschließlich der Betreuung Ihrer Konten oder zur Klärung von Konflikten (z.B. in Bezug auf Rechnungen oder Transaktionen).
Versand: im Zusammenhang mit dem Versand und darauf bezogenen Dienstleistungen bei Käufen, die mit PayPal getätigt wurden.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften: zur Unterstützung der Verifizierungsanforderungen bei der Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung.
Dienstleister: um die mit uns vertraglich verbundenen Dienstleister in die Lage zu versetzen, uns bei geschäftlichen Vorgängen wie z.B. Betrugsprävention, Inkassomaßnahmen, Marketing, Kundenservice und Technologiedienstleistungen zu unterstützen. Diese Dienstleister werden von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, Ihre Daten nur für die Dienstleistungen zu verwenden, die sie für uns erbringen, nicht jedoch zu ihrem eigenen Nutzen.
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
Gerätedaten bezieht sich auf Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erfasst werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder Dienste verwendet wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem Ihr Gerätetyp, die Netzwerkverbindungen Ihres Geräts, Name und IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts und zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Geolokalisierungsinformationen sind Informationen, die Ihren Standort mit präziser Genauigkeit identifizieren, indem sie beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwenden, die Sie über Ihr GPS oder Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erhalten.
Standortinformationen sind Informationen, die mit angemessener Genauigkeit Ihren ungefähren Standort identifizieren, indem beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwendet werden, die durch GPS oder Wi-Fi oder Triangulation von Mobilfunkstandorten erhalten werden.
Partner bezeichnet den Händler oder das Unternehmen, mit dem unsere Benutzer Geschäfte tätigen, um Waren oder Dienstleistungen zu erhalten.
Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto hat dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Zahlungen ohne PayPal-Konto
.
PayPal-Unternehmen bedeuten Unternehmen, die Sich im Besitz von PayPal befinden und personenbezogene Daten gemäß ihren Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien verarbeiten. PayPal Unternehmen sind Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet und Braintree.
Personenbezogene Daten bezeichnet Informationen, die einer identifizierten oder direkt oder indirekt identifizierbaren natürlichen Person zugeordnet werden können. Zu "personenbezogenen Daten" zählen beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift (einschließlich Rechnungs- und Lieferadresse), Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Zahlungskartennummer, sonstige Kontoinformationen, Kontonummer, Geburtsdatum, Daten aus amtlichen Ausweisen (z.B. Führerscheinnummer, Personalausweisnummer, Reisepassnummer) und biometrische Daten.
Verarbeitung bezeichnet jede Methode oder Art und Weise, wie wir mit personenbezogenen Daten oder Sätzen personenbezogener Daten umgehen, sei es durch automatisierte Mittel, wie z.B. durch Erhebung, Aufzeichnung, Kategorisierung, Strukturierung, Speicherung, Anpassung oder Änderung, Abruf und Konsultation, Verwendung, Offenlegung durch Übertragung, Verbreitung oder anderweitige Bereitstellung, Abgleich oder Kombination, Einschränkung, Löschung oder Vernichtung von personenbezogenen Daten.
Dienste bezeichnet alle Zahlungsdienste mit oder ohne die Markenbezeichnung "PayPal", die Funktion "Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto", Kreditprodukte und -dienste, Inhalte, Merkmale, Technologien oder Funktionen sowie alle zugehörigen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienste, die Ihnen von PayPal angeboten werden. Zur Nutzung der Dienste zählt auch die Nutzung unserer Website.
Seiten bezieht sich auf die Websites, mobilen Apps, offiziellen Social-Media-Plattformen oder andere Online-Tools, über die PayPal die Dienste anbietet und die diese Datenschutzerklärung veröffentlicht haben oder mit ihr verlinkt sind.
Markenlose Zahlungsdienste bedeutet, dass Sie mit Händlern interagieren und Zahlungen an diese leisten, indem Sie unsere Kartenzahlungsdienste verwenden, die nicht die Marke PayPal tragen.
Nutzer ist jede Person, die die Dienste als Verbraucher für den persönlichen oder Haushaltsgebrauch nutzt. Für die Zwecke dieser Mitteilung enthält "Benutzer" "Sie" und "Ihr".
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie
online
oder offline unter PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie
Einwohner des Vereinigten Königreichs
sind, wenden Sie sich an unseren Vertreter bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres PayPal-Kontos oder des PayPal-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres Xoom-Kontos oder des Xoom-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Sub-policy 7
https://stripe.com/de/privacy:
Stripe-Rahmenvertrag
Stripe Connect
Plattformvereinbarung
Kontovereinbarung
Produkte und Programme
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate-Nutzungsbedingungen
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe-Kundenportal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe-Ecosystem für Partner
Stripe Radar
Stripe-Prämien
Stripe-Verifizierungen
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal-Einkaufskonditionen
Terminal-Konditionen für Wiederverkäufer
EULA für Stripe Terminal-Gerät
Stripe Treasury – verbundene Konten
Stripe Treasury – Plattformen
Stripe Tresor und Forward
Finanzbedingungen
Offenlegung durch Acquirer (Händlerbank)
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Konditionen für Zahlungsmethoden
Eingeschränkte und untersagte Geschäfte
Datenschutz
Datenschutzerklärung
Cookie-Richtlinie
Datenschutz-Framework
Dienstanbieterliste
Datenverarbeitungsvereinbarung
Internationale Datenübermittlung – Nachtrag
Datenschutzcenter von Stripe
Geistiges Eigentum
Geistiges Eigentum – Hinweis
Marks-Nutzung
Stripe-Apps
Vereinbarung für App-Entwickler/innen
App-Marktplatz-Vereinbarung
Lizenzen
Bedingungen für Verbraucher/innen
Dies ist eine ausschließlich zu Informationszwecken bereitgestellte Übersetzung der Datenschutzerklärung. Rechtliche Gültigkeit besitzt einzig und allein die Originalerklärung, die in englischer Sprache vorliegt.
Zuletzt aktualisiert:  16. Januar 2024.
Unsere Zusammenfassung der Aktualisierungen finden Sie hier.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie enthält wichtige Informationen über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese sorgfältig zu lesen.
Willkommen
Wir stellen die Finanzinfrastruktur für das Internet bereit. Einzelpersonen und Unternehmen jeder Größe nutzen unsere Technologie und Dienstleistungen, um Einkäufe zu vereinfachen, Zahlungen zu akzeptieren, Auszahlungen vorzunehmen und das Online-Geschäft zu verwalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung („Erklärung“) beschreibt die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben, sowie Einzelheiten darüber, wie Sie sich bei Fragen zum Datenschutz an uns wenden können. Darüber hinaus werden in der Erklärung Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person und die Ihnen zur Verfügung stehenden Wahlmöglichkeiten dargelegt, einschließlich des Rechts, bestimmten Verwendungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen. Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken, einschließlich unserer ergänzenden US-Hinweise, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Stripe“, „wir“, „unser“ oder „uns“ auf das Stripe-Unternehmen, das für die Erhebung, Nutzung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten wie in diesem Dokument beschrieben verantwortlich ist. Das für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortliche Stripe-Unternehmen kann je nach Rechtsordnung variieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
„Personenbezogene Daten“ bezieht sich auf alle Informationen, die mit einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person assoziiert sind, einschließlich der Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und die wir über Sie während Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Diensten erheben (beispielsweise Geräteinformationen, IP-Adresse usw.).
„Dienste“ bezieht sich auf die von Stripe gemäß dem Stripe-Rahmenvertrag und den Nutzungsbedingungen für Verbraucher/innen bereitgestellten Produkte und Dienste. Dies kann Geräte und Anwendungen umfassen, die von Stripe bereitgestellt werden. Unsere „Geschäftsdienstleistungen“ sind Dienstleistungen, die wir für Unternehmen („Geschäftskunden“) erbringen, die uns direkt und indirekt personenbezogene Daten von „Endkundinnen“ und „Endkunden“ in Verbindung mit ihren eigenen Geschäftsabläufen und Aktivitäten liefern. Unsere „Endkundendienste“ richten sich direkt an Einzelpersonen zur persönlichen Nutzung. „Websites“ bezieht sich auf Stripe.com, Link.com und andere Websites, Anwendungen und Online-Dienste von Stripe. Zusammenfassend bezeichnen wir Websites, Geschäftsdienstleistungen und Endkundendienste als „Dienste“.
„Finanzpartner“ sind Finanzinstitute, Banken und andere Partner wie Acquirer von Zahlungsmethoden, Zahlungsdienstleister und Kartennetzwerke, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Dienste bereitzustellen.
Je nach Kontext bedeutet „Sie“ Endkundin/Endkunde, Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in:
Wenn Sie einen Endkundendienst für Ihren persönlichen Gebrauch nutzen, beispielsweise wenn Sie sich für Link anmelden, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endnutzer/in”.
Wenn Sie mit einem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung treten oder anderweitig eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden durchführen, indem Sie beispielsweise ein Paar Schuhe von einem Geschäftskunden kaufen, der Stripe Checkout für die Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt, aber keine direkte Transaktion mit Stripe durchführen, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endkundin/Endkunde.”
Wenn Sie im Namen eines bestehenden oder potenziellen Geschäftskunden handeln (beispielsweise als Unternehmensgründer, Kontoverwalter für einen Geschäftskunden oder als Empfänger einer Mitarbeiter-Kreditkarte eines Geschäftskunden über Stripe Issuing), kategorisieren wir Sie als „Vertreter/in”.
Wenn Sie mit Stripe durch den Besuch einer Website interagieren, ohne in einem Stripe-Konto angemeldet zu sein, oder wenn Sie an Ihrer Interaktion mit Stripe nicht als Endnutzer/in, Endkunde/Endkundin oder Vertreter/in beteiligt sind, betrachten wir Sie als „Besucher/in“. Sie sind zum Beispiel Besucher/in, wenn Sie eine Nachricht an Stripe senden und um weitere Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen bitten.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Transaktionsdaten“ auf Daten, die von Stripe erhoben und verwendet werden, um von Ihnen gewünschte Transaktionen auszuführen. Bei bestimmten Transaktionsdaten handelt es sich um personenbezogene Daten, die Folgendes umfassen können: Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Kontaktnummer, Ihre Rechnungs- und Versandadresse, Informationen zur Zahlungsmethode (beispielsweise Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, Bankverbindung oder das von Ihnen gewählte Zahlungskartenbild), Angaben zum Händler und zum Standort, Betrag und Datum des Kaufs sowie in einigen Fällen Informationen über den gekauften Artikel.
Je nach Aktivität übernimmt Stripe die Rolle eines „Datenverantwortlichen“ und/oder „Auftragsverarbeiters“ (oder „Dienstleisters“) aufgrund dieser Aktivität. Zusätzliche Informationen zu unserer Rolle, zu dem für diese Erklärung verantwortlichen Stripe-Unternehmen und zu unseren Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Internationale Datenübermittlung
Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Kontakt
Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
1. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Unsere Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten unterscheidet sich je nachdem, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin/Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, und je nachdem, welchen Dienst Sie in Anspruch nehmen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Einzelunternehmer/in sind und unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen möchten, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, um Ihr Unternehmen zum Onboarding einzuladen; gleichzeitig könnten Sie auch Endkundin/Endkunde sein, wenn Sie Waren von einem anderen Geschäftskunden gekauft haben, der unsere Dienste zur Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt. Sie könnten Endnutzer/in sein, wenn Sie unseren Endkundendienst, wie beispielsweise Link, für diese Transaktionen genutzt haben.
1.1 Endnutzer/innen
Wir erbringen Endkundendienste, wenn wir Ihnen unsere Dienste direkt für Ihre persönliche Nutzung zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise Link). Weitere Einzelheiten zu unserer Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung solcher Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endnutzer/innen erheben
Verwendung von Link oder Verbindung mit Ihrem Bankkonto.
Stripe bietet Ihnen den Dienst „Link“ an, mit dem Sie Ihre Zahlungsmethoden bei Stripe hinterlegen können, um sie bequem zur Zahlung bei unseren Geschäftskunden zu nutzen. Wenn Sie sich bei Link anmelden, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode) bei Stripe gespeichert werden. Dies ermöglicht effizientere Kauferfahrungen bei der künftigen Nutzung von Link. Wenn Sie sich für die Bezahlung mit Link entscheiden, erheben wir auch die mit Ihren Transaktionen assoziierten Transaktionsdaten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen (auch um Zahlungen über Ihr Bankkonto via Link zu leisten), erhebt und verarbeitet Stripe in regelmäßigen Abständen Ihre Kontoinformationen (beispielsweise Angaben zu Bankkontoinhaber/in, Kontostände, Kontonummer und -daten, Kontotransaktionen und in einigen Fällen auch Anmelde-/Zugangsdaten). Sie können uns jederzeit auffordern, die Erhebung dieser Daten einzustellen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sie können auch Ausweisdokumente (beispielsweise Ihren Führerschein) bei Link hinterlegen, um diese künftig an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben.
Bezahlung von Stripe.
Wenn Sie Waren oder Dienstleistungen direkt bei Stripe kaufen, erhalten wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlung an Stripe Climate leisten, erheben wir Informationen zur Transaktion, sowie Ihre Kontaktdaten und Angaben zur Zahlungsmethode.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir bieten einen Dienst zur Identitätsverifizierung an, der den Abgleich Ihres Ausweisdokuments (z. B. Führerschein) mit Ihrem Bild (z. B. Selfie) automatisiert. Sie können der Verwendung Ihrer biometrischen Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Verifizierungstechnologie separat zustimmen, was Sie jederzeit widerrufen können.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endnutzer erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Endkundendienste, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten unserer Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben
Dienste
Wir verwenden und geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiter, um Ihnen die Endkundendienste bereitzustellen. Dazu gehören Support, Personalisierung (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten) und Mitteilungen über unsere Endkundendienste (beispielsweise Benachrichtigung über Richtlinienaktualisierungen und Informationen über unsere Dienste). Beispielsweise könnte Stripe Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien oder die Daten, die Sie unseren Geschäftskunden zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise wenn Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse auf der Website eines Geschäftskunden eingeben), verwenden, um Sie zu erkennen und Ihnen zu helfen, Link beim Besuch der Website unseres Geschäftskunden zu verwenden. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien finden Sie in der
Cookie Policy
von Stripe.
Unsere Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen verwenden, geben wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten an die Geschäftskunden weiter, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten.
Mehr erfahren
. Darüber hinaus können Sie Ihr Bankkonto mit Stripe verbinden, und Stripe anweisen, Ihre Kontodaten an Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass diese Geschäftskunden über eigene Datenschutz-Erklärungen verfügen, in denen sie beschreiben, wie sie die an sie weitergegebenen Informationen verwenden.
Transaktionen.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen nutzen, verwenden wir Ihre bei uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode), um Transaktionen mit Geschäftskunden von Stripe durchzuführen. Wir stellen diese Daten Geschäftskunden und anderen, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zur Verfügung und verarbeiten sie gemäß Abschnitt 1.2 dieser Erklärung als Datenverarbeiter für diese Geschäftskunden.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste (beispielsweise Stripe Radar) erheben, um Betrug zu erkennen und um finanziellen Verlusten für Sie, uns und unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner vorzubeugen, einschließlich der Erkennung nicht autorisierter Käufe. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, personenbezogene Daten über Sie (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Werbung.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um Ihre Eignung für weitere Endnutzer-Dienste zu prüfen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Endkundendienste zu bewerben. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig (einschließlich Ihrer gegebenenfalls erforderlichen Einwilligung), verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern und geben diese an andere weiter, damit wir unsere Endkundendienste an Sie vermarkten können, auch durch interessenbasierte Werbung. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Dritte weiter, aber wir können Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.2 Endkundinnen und Endkunden
Stripe erbringt verschiedene Geschäftsdienstleistungen für seine Geschäftskunden. Dazu zählen persönliche oder Online-Zahlungen oder Auszahlungen für diese Geschäftskunden. Wenn wir als Dienstleister eines Geschäftskunden agieren (auch „Datenverarbeiter“ genannt), verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden gemäß unserer Vereinbarung mit dem Geschäftskunden und seinen rechtmäßigen Anweisungen. Dies geschieht zum Beispiel, wenn wir eine Zahlung für einen Geschäftskunden abwickeln, weil Sie etwas bei ihm gekauft haben oder wenn er uns anweist, Ihnen Gelder zu schicken.
Geschäftskunden sind für die Einhaltung der Datenschutzrechte ihrer Endkunden verantwortlich, einschließlich der Einholung angemessener Einwilligungen und der Offenlegung ihrer eigenen Datenerhebung und -verwendung im Zusammenhang mit ihren Produkten und Dienstleistungen. Wenn Sie Endkundin/Endkunde sind, lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren.
Weitere umfassende Informationen über die Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endkunden und Endkundinnen finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten stützen.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben
Transaktionsdaten.
Wir erhalten Ihre Transaktionsdaten, wenn Sie als Endkundin oder Endkunde Zahlungen an unseren Geschäftskunden leisten, Rückerstattungen von ihm erhalten, einen Kauf oder eine Spende veranlassen oder anderweitig mit unserem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, ob persönlich oder online. Wir können auch Ihren Transaktionsverlauf vom Geschäftskunden erhalten.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem können wir die Daten erheben, die Sie bei einem Bezahlvorgang eingeben, auch wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, das Ausfüllen des Formulars abzubrechen oder keine Transaktion mit dem Geschäftskunden vorzunehmen.
Mehr erfahren
. Ein Geschäftskunde, der den Terminal-Dienst von Stripe nutzt, um seine Waren oder Dienstleistungen an Endkundinnen und Endkunden zu vertreiben, kann den Terminal-Dienst nutzen, um personenbezogene Daten der Endkundinnen und Endkunden (wie Name, E-Mail, Telefonnummer, Adresse, Unterschrift oder Alter) entsprechend seiner eigenen Datenschutzerklärung zu erheben.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdaten.
Stripe bietet einen Verifizierungs- und Betrugspräventionsdienst an, den unsere Geschäftskunden nutzen können, um personenbezogene Daten über Sie zu verifizieren, wie beispielsweise Ihre Autorisierung zur Nutzung einer bestimmten Zahlungsmethode. Während dieses Prozesses werden Sie aufgefordert, uns bestimmte personenbezogene Daten mitzuteilen (beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis und ein Selfie zur biometrischen Verifizierung, von Ihnen eingegebene personenbezogene Daten oder personenbezogene Daten, die aus der physischen Zahlungsmethode hervorgehen, wie das Bild auf der Kreditkarte). Zum Schutz vor Betrug und um festzustellen, ob jemand versucht, Ihre Identität vorzutäuschen, können wir diese Daten mit Informationen über Sie abgleichen, die wir von Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern, verbundenen Unternehmen, Identitätsprüfungsdiensten, öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen und anderen Dienstleistern und Quellen von Drittparteien erheben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben
Um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für unsere Geschäftskunden zu erbringen, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden und geben diese an sie weiter. Soweit zulässig, verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden auch für eigene Zwecke von Stripe, beispielsweise zur Stärkung der Sicherheit, zur Verbesserung und zum Angebot unserer Geschäftsdienstleistungen sowie zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Verlust und anderen Schäden, wie weiter unten beschrieben.
Zahlungsabwicklung und Buchhaltung.
Wir verwenden Ihre Transaktionsdaten, um für Geschäftskunden zahlungsbezogene Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen, darunter die Abwicklung von Online-Zahlungen, die Berechnung der Verkaufssteuer, die Bearbeitung von Rechnungen und Durchführung von Abrechnungen, sowie die Unterstützung bei der Ermittlung von Umsatzzahlen, der Begleichung von Rechnungen und der Erledigung von Buchhaltungsaufgaben.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verwenden, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen und zu verbessern.
Bei Zahlungstransaktionen werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zuge der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktion an verschiedene Stellen weitergegeben. Als Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter, um Transaktionen auf Weisung von Geschäftskunden abzuwickeln. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlungsmethode für Ihre Transaktion wählen, sei es eine Kreditkarte, eine Debitkarte, „Jetzt kaufen, später bezahlen“ oder ein Lastschriftverfahren, kann Ihr Zahlungsmethodenanbieter die Transaktionsdaten Ihrer über Stripe abgewickelten Transaktionen erhalten. Der Geschäftskunde, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten, erhält ebenfalls Transaktionsdaten und kann diese Daten an andere weitergeben. Weitere Informationen über die Verwendung und Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Geschäftskunden entnehmen Sie bitte deren Datenschutzerklärungen
Finanzdienstleistungen.
Einige Geschäftskunden nutzen unsere Dienste, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen über Stripe oder unsere Finanzpartner anzubieten. Beispielsweise kann ein Geschäftskunde ein Kartenprodukt ausgeben, mit dem Sie Waren und Dienstleistungen kaufen können. Solche Karten könnten die Marke von Stripe, vom Bankpartner und/oder vom Geschäftskunden tragen. Zusätzlich zu den Transaktionsdaten, die wir durch die Verwendung dieser Karten bei Käufen generieren oder empfangen, erheben und verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch, um diese Produkte bereitzustellen und zu verwalten, einschließlich der Unterstützung unserer Geschäftskunden bei der Verhinderung des Missbrauchs der Karten. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärungen des Geschäftskunden und, falls zutreffend, die Datenschutzerklärungen unserer mit der Finanzdienstleistung assoziierten Bankpartner (deren Marken möglicherweise auf der Karte angegeben sind), um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten Ihrer Identität, einschließlich der von Ihnen und unseren Dienstleistern bereitgestellten Informationen, um Verifizierungsdienste für Stripe oder für die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zu erbringen, um Betrug verhindern und die Sicherheit zu erhöhen. Falls Sie ein Selfie zusammen mit einem Foto Ihres Ausweisdokuments übermitteln, setzen wir biometrische Technologien zum Abgleich und zur Berechnung der Übereinstimmung ein, um Sie zu verifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste erheben, um Verluste für Sie, uns, unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner zu erkennen und zu verhindern. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Unsere Geschäftskunden (und deren autorisierte Drittparteien).
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden an ihre jeweiligen Geschäftskunden und an Parteien weiter, die von diesen Geschäftskunden direkt autorisiert wurden, solche Daten zu erhalten. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Wenn ein Geschäftskunde Stripe anweist, einem anderen Geschäftskunden über Stripe Connect Zugang zu seinem Stripe-Konto, einschließlich der Daten seiner Endkunden, zu gewähren.
Weitergabe von Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, damit wir im Namen eines Geschäftskunden Zahlungen an Sie senden können.
Weitergabe von Informationen, Dokumenten oder Bildern, die von Endkunden zur Verfügung gestellt werden, an Geschäftskunden, wenn letztere Stripe Identity, unseren Identitätsverifizierungsdienst zur Überprüfung der Identität des Endkunden, nutzen.
Die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch an Dritte weitergeben (beispielsweise an andere Dienstleister als Stripe). Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung der Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Werbung durch Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie einen Kauf bei einem Geschäftskunden einleiten, erhält der Geschäftskunde von uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zusammenhang mit der Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, auch wenn Sie Ihren Kauf nicht abschließen. Dieser Geschäftskunde kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um seine Produkte oder Dienste zu vermarkten und zu bewerben, und zwar gemäß den Bedingungen seiner Datenschutzerklärung. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten, einschließlich Ihrer Rechte, die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu Marketingzwecken zu unterbinden.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.3 Vertreter/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern von Geschäftskunden (beispielsweise von Unternehmensinhabern), um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Vertreter/innen erheben
Anmeldung und Kontaktinformationen.
Wenn Sie sich für ein Stripe-Konto für einen Geschäftskunden (einschließlich Unternehmensgründung) registrieren, erheben wir Ihren Namen und Ihre Zugangsdaten. Wenn Sie sich für eine von Stripe organisierte Veranstaltung registrieren oder daran teilnehmen oder sich für den Erhalt von Benachrichtigungen von Stripe anmelden, erheben wir Ihre Registrierungs- und Profildaten. Über Sie als Vertreter/in können wir unter Umständen personenbezogene Daten von Drittparteien, einschließlich Datenanbietern, erheben, um Ihnen Werbung und Angebote zukommen zu lassen und um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, wie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
beschrieben. Darüber hinaus können wir möglicherweise einen Standort mit Ihnen verknüpfen, um die Dienste oder Informationen effektiv auf Ihre Bedürfnisse zuzuschneiden.
Mehr erfahren
.
Identifizierungsinformationen
Als aktueller oder potenzieller Geschäftskunde, als Inhaber/in eines Geschäftskunden oder als Anteilseigner/in, leitende(r) Angestellte(r) oder Vorstandsmitglied eines Geschäftskunden benötigen wir Ihre Kontaktdaten, beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse, um die Anforderungen unserer Finanzpartner und die gesetzlichen Vorschriften zu erfüllen, Ihre Identität zu verifizieren und betrügerische Aktivitäten und Schäden an der Stripe-Plattform zu verhindern. Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie beispielsweise Eigentumsanteile am Geschäftskunden, Geburtsdatum, Ausweispapiere und zugehörige Identifikatoren sowie etwaige Betrugs- oder Missbrauchsfälle direkt von Ihnen und/oder von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste.
Mehr erfahren
. Sie haben auch die Möglichkeit, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Vertreter/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern verwenden und weitergeben
Im Allgemeinen verwenden wir die personenbezogenen Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um die Geschäftsdienstleistungen für die entsprechenden Geschäftskunden zu erbringen. Die Art und Weise, wie wir diese Daten verwenden und weitergeben, wird weiter unten beschrieben.
Geschäftsdienstleistungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben sie an Geschäftskunden weiter, um die von Ihnen oder von dem von Ihnen vertretenen Geschäftskunden angeforderten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen.
In bestimmten Fällen müssen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an eine staatliche Stelle übermitteln, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung zu erbringen, beispielsweise für die Unternehmensgründung oder die Berechnung und Zahlung der geltenden Verkaufssteuer. Für unsere steuerbezogenen Geschäftsdienstleistungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um im Namen des Geschäftskunden, den Sie vertreten, Steuererklärungen einzureichen. Für unsere Atlas-Geschäftsgründungsdienste können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um in Ihrem Namen Formulare bei der US-Steuerbehörde IRS und Dokumente bei anderen Regierungsbehörden einzureichen, beispielsweise die Gründungsurkunde im Gründungsstaat.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Parteien weiter, die vom jeweiligen Geschäftskunden ausdrücklich autorisiert wurden, beispielsweise an Finanzpartner, die ein Finanzprodukt vertreiben, oder Drittpartei-Apps oder -Dienste, die der Geschäftskunde neben unseren Geschäftsdienstleistungen nutzen möchte. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Anbieter von Zahlungsmethoden wie Visa oder WeChat Pay benötigen Informationen über Geschäftskunden und ihre Vertreter, die ihre Zahlungsmethoden akzeptieren. Diese Informationen werden in der Regel während des Onboarding-Prozesses oder zur Bearbeitung von Transaktionen für diese Geschäftskunden benötigt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Ein Geschäftskunde kann Stripe autorisieren, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, um die Bereitstellung von Dienstleistungen über Stripe Connect zu erleichtern.
Die Verwendung personenbezogener Daten durch eine von einem Geschäftskunden autorisierte Drittpartei unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung der Drittpartei.
Wenn Sie ein Geschäftskunde sind und Ihr Unternehmen einen Namen trägt, der personenbezogene Daten enthält (beispielsweise ein Einzelunternehmen oder einen Familiennamen als Firmennamen), werden wir diese Daten für die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste in der gleichen Weise verwenden und weitergeben, wie wir es mit jedem anderen Firmennamen tun. Dies kann bedeuten, dass er auf Quittungen und anderen Transaktionsbeschreibungen erscheint.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um Risiken zu erkennen und zu steuern, wonach unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für betrügerische Aktivitäten genutzt werden könnten, die Stripe, Endnutzer/innen, Endkunden, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und andere schädigen. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir Informationen über Sie, die wir von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und von unseren Diensten erhalten, um solche Risiken zu vermeiden, einschließlich der Ermittlung von Missbrauchsmustern und der Überwachung von Verstößen gegen die Nutzungsbedingungen. Stripe kann personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Geschäftskunden, unsere Finanzpartner und Drittpartei-Dienstleister weitergeben, um die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen zu überprüfen und Risikoindikatoren zu identifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern auch zur Durchführung von Due-Diligence-Prüfungen, einschließlich der Durchführung von Anti-Geldwäsche- und Sanktionsprüfungen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht, und geben sie weiter.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, einschließlich der Aktivitäten in Ihrem Stripe-Konto, auch dazu verwenden, Ihre Eignung für Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu beurteilen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu bewerben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.4 Besucher/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen. Weitere Einzelheiten darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Besucher/innen erfassen
Wenn Sie auf unseren Websites surfen, erhalten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entweder direkt von Ihnen oder durch die Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
, um mehr zu erfahren. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, ein Formular auf unserer oder auf der Website Dritter auszufüllen, auf denen unsere Werbeanzeigen erscheinen (wie LinkedIn oder Facebook), erheben wir die Informationen, die Sie in das Formular eingeben. Dies kann Ihre Kontaktinformationen und andere Informationen zu Ihren Fragen über unsere Dienstleistungen umfassen. Wir können Ihren Besuch auch mit einem Standort assoziieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir von Besucher/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern verwenden und weitergeben
Personalisierung.
Wir verwenden die Daten, die wir mit Hilfe von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien über Sie erheben, um das Nutzer/innen-Engagement bezüglich der Inhalte der Websites zu messen, die Relevanz und Navigation zu verbessern, Ihre Erfahrungen anzupassen (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und regionsspezifische Inhalte) und auf Sie zugeschnittene Inhalte über Stripe und unsere Dienste zu erstellen. Da zum Beispiel nicht alle unsere Dienste global verfügbar sind, können wir unsere Antworten auf Ihre Region abstimmen.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Engagement
. Bei Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Websites verwenden wir die Daten, die wir über Ihre Geräte erheben, um Ihnen Möglichkeiten für weitere Interaktionen zu bieten, beispielsweise Diskussionen über Dienste oder Interaktionen mit Chatbots, um Ihre Fragen zu beantworten.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
2. Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Zusätzlich zu den oben beschriebenen Arten verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten folgendermaßen:
a. Erhebung personenbezogener Daten
Online-Aktivität.
Abhängig vom genutzten Dienst und der Art und Weise, wie unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung von den Geschäftskunden implementiert wird, können wir Daten erheben, die sich auf Folgendes beziehen:
Die Geräte und Browser, die Sie auf unseren Websites und für Websites, Apps und sonstige Online-Dienste von Drittparteien („Drittpartei-Websites“) verwenden.
Nutzungsdaten, die mit diesen Geräten und Browsern und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste assoziiert sind, einschließlich Daten wie IP-Adresse, Plug-ins, Spracheinstellungen, auf den Websites und den Websites Dritter verbrachte Zeit, besuchte Seiten, angeklickte Links, verwendete Zahlungsmethoden und die Seiten, die Sie zu unseren Websites und den Websites Dritter geführt haben. Wir sammeln auch Aktivitätsindikatoren, wie zum Beispiel Mausaktivitätsindikatoren, die uns helfen, Betrug aufzudecken.
Mehr erfahren
. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
.
Informationen zu Kommunikation und Nutzung.
Des Weiteren erheben wir Informationen, die Sie uns über verschiedene Kanäle zur Verfügung stellen, beispielsweise über Support Tickets, E-Mails oder Social Media. Wenn Sie auf E-Mails oder Umfragen von Stripe antworten, erheben wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihren Namen und alle anderen Daten, die Sie in Ihrer E-Mail oder Ihren Antworten angeben. Wenn Sie telefonisch mit uns Kontakt aufnehmen, zeichnen wir Ihre Telefonnummer und alle weiteren Informationen, die Sie im Laufe des Gesprächs angeben, auf. Darüber hinaus erheben wir Daten über Ihre Nutzung, wie beispielsweise Ihre Anmeldung für, Anwesenheit bei oder Besuch von Stripe-Veranstaltungen und alle weiteren Interaktionen mit Mitarbeitern und Mitarbeiterinnen von Stripe.
Foren und Diskussionsgruppen.
Sofern unsere Websites das Posten von Inhalten gestatten, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie im Zusammenhang mit ihrem Beitrag bereitstellen.
b. Verwendung personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Verwendung personenbezogener Daten verwenden wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten:
Verbesserung und Entwicklung unserer Dienstleistungen.
Auf unseren Websites verwenden wir Analysewerkzeuge zum Verständnis Ihrer Nutzung unserer Websites und Dienste und zur Diagnose technischer Probleme. Weitere Informationen zu Ihrer Kontrolle über die Verwendung von Cookies und Drittpartei-Analysen finden Sie in unserer
Cookie Policy
. Darüber hinaus erfassen und verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten auch über unsere verschiedenen Dienste, unabhängig davon, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin oder Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, um unsere Dienste zu verbessern, neue Dienste zu entwickeln und um uns dabei zu unterstützen, unsere Dienste für Sie relevanter und sinnvoller zu gestalten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Kommunikation.
Wir verwenden Ihre Kontaktinformationen zur Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, was auch den Versand von Codes per SMS zu Ihrer Authentifizierung beinhalten kann.
Mehr erfahren
. Wenn Sie Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, werden wir mit Ihnen mit Hilfe der Kontaktdaten, die uns über Sie vorliegen, kommunizieren, um Ihnen Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen und die unserer Partner zukommen zu lassen, Sie zur Teilnahme an unseren Veranstaltungen, Umfragen oder Nutzer-Research einzuladen oder anderweitig mit Ihnen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht für Marketingzwecke zu kommunizieren, einschließlich jeglicher Zustimmungs- oder Opt-out-Erfordernisse. Wenn Sie uns beispielsweise Ihre Kontaktdaten zur Verfügung stellen oder wenn wir Ihre geschäftlichen Kontaktdaten durch Ihre Teilnahme an Messen oder anderen Veranstaltungen erheben, können wir diese Daten verwenden, um mit Ihnen bezüglich einer Veranstaltung in Kontakt zu treten, Ihnen die angeforderten Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen und Sie in unsere Marketing-Informationskampagnen einzubeziehen. Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, können wir unsere Gespräche mit Ihnen aufzeichnen, um unsere Dienste zu erbringen, unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, Forschung und Qualitätssicherung zu betreiben und darüber hinaus zu Schulungszwecken.
Social Media und Werbeaktionen
. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten übermitteln, um ein Angebot, ein Programm oder eine Werbeaktion in Anspruch zu nehmen, verwenden wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verwaltung des Angebots, des Programms oder der Werbeaktion. Wir verwenden die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zusammen mit den personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie auf Social-Media-Plattformen zur Verfügung stellen, auch für Marketingzwecke, es sei denn, wir sind dazu nicht berechtigt.
Betrugsprävention und Sicherheit.
Wir erheben und verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um betrügerische oder schädigende Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten zu erkennen und zu steuern, unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugserkennung bereitzustellen und um unsere Dienste und Transaktionen vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung, Manipulation oder Veruntreuung von personenbezogenen Daten, Informationen und Geldern zu schützen. Wir erheben Daten von Dritten (beispielsweise Kreditauskunfteien) und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste im Rahmen der Betrugsprävention, Betrugserkennung, Sicherheitsüberwachung und Compliance-Maßnahmen für Stripe und seine Geschäftskunden. In bestimmten Fällen können wir auch Daten über Sie direkt von Ihnen oder von unseren Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern und anderen Dritten zu denselben Zwecken erheben. Darüber hinaus können wir zum Schutz unserer Dienste Informationen wie IP-Adressen und andere identifizierende Daten über potenzielle Sicherheitsbedrohungen von Drittparteien beziehen.
Mehr erfahren
. Derartige Informationen helfen uns bei Identitätsverifizierungen und Bonitätsprüfungen, soweit dies gesetzlich zulässig ist, sowie bei der Betrugsprävention. Darüber hinaus können wir Technologien einsetzen, um das potenzielle Betrugsrisiko bei Personen zu bewerten, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen wollen, oder das Risiko, das sich aus versuchten Transaktionen von Endkundinnen/Endkunden oder Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern mit unseren Geschäftskunden oder Finanzpartnern ergibt.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um unsere vertraglichen und gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zur Geldwäschebekämpfung, zur KYC-Gesetzgebung (Know-Your-Customer), zur Terrorismusbekämpfung, zum Schutz gefährdeter Kunden, zur Exportkontrolle und zum Verbot von Geschäften mit eingeschränkten Personen oder in bestimmten Geschäftsbereichen sowie andere gesetzliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zum Beispiel können wir Transaktionsmuster und andere Online-Signale analysieren und diese Erkenntnisse nutzen, um Betrug, Geldwäsche und andere unlautere Aktivitäten zu erkennen, die Stripe, unsere Finanzpartner, Endnutzer/innen, unsere Geschäftskunden und andere betreffen könnten.
Mehr erfahren
. Sicherheit und Rechtskonformität unserer Dienste haben für uns oberste Priorität. Die Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten ist für diese Zwecke unerlässlich.
Minderjährige.
Unsere Dienste richten sich nicht an Kinder unter 13 Jahren. Deshalb bitten wir diese, keine personenbezogenen Daten an uns zu übermitteln, um Dienste direkt von Stripe zu beziehen. In bestimmten Ländern können wir nach geltendem Recht auch höhere Altersgrenzen festlegen.
c. Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten geben wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten weiter:
Mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an andere mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen für die in dieser Erklärung genannten Zwecke weiter.
Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter.
Um unsere Dienste bereitstellen, bekannt machen, vermarkten und bewerben zu können, arbeiten wir mit Dienstleistern zusammen. Diese Dienstleister erbringen wichtige Leistungen – von der Bereitstellung der Cloud-Infrastruktur über die analytische Auswertung von Geschwindigkeit, Genauigkeit und/oder Sicherheit unserer Dienste und die Identitätsverifizierung bis hin zu Kundenservice und Audit-Funktionen. Diesen Dienstleistern ist die Verwendung oder Offenlegung der von uns bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten gestattet, um Dienstleistungen in unserem Namen zu erbringen und die einschlägigen rechtlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zudem werden diese Dienstleister von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, die Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit der personenbezogenen Daten, die sie in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, zu gewährleisten. Die Mehrheit der Dienstleister, deren Dienste wir in Anspruch nehmen, befindet sich in der EU, den Vereinigten Staaten und in Indien.
Mehr erfahren
.
Finanzpartner.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an bestimmte Finanzpartner weiter, um Geschäftskunden, die solche Dienste in Anspruch nehmen möchten, Dienste anbieten zu können, und um bestimmte Dienste in Verbindung mit diesen Finanzpartnern anzubieten. So geben wir beispielsweise bestimmte personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen, wie Kreditrückzahlungsdaten und Kontaktinformationen, an institutionelle Anleger weiter, die Kredite kaufen oder anbieten, die durch die von uns gewährten Kapitaldarlehen an die Geschäftskunden, mit denen sie assoziiert sind, gesichert sind.
Andere mit Einwilligung.
In manchen Fällen bieten wir eine Dienstleistung nicht an, sondern verweisen Sie stattdessen an andere (wie beispielsweise professionelle Dienstleistungsunternehmen, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um den Atlas-Dienst zu realisieren). In diesen Fällen werden wir die Identität der Drittpartei und die Informationen, die an diese weitergegeben werden sollen, offenlegen und Sie um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, diese Informationen weiterzugeben.
Unternehmenstransaktionen.
Im Rahmen einer vollständigen oder teilweisen tatsächlichen oder beabsichtigten Umstrukturierung unseres Unternehmens durch Sanierung, Fusion, Verkauf, Joint-Venture, Abtretung, Übertragung oder Führungswechsel oder im Fall einer vollständigen oder teilweisen Veräußerung unseres Unternehmens, unserer Vermögenswerte oder Aktienbestände können wir personenbezogene Daten an Dritte weitergeben. Wird Stripe ganz oder teilweise von einem anderen Unternehmen erworben, ist dieses Unternehmen dazu berechtigt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin zu verwenden. Dies darf jedoch nur in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung geschehen.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften und Schadensabwehr.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten weiter, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um geltendes Recht einzuhalten, um die von den Finanzpartnern im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung ihrer Zahlungsmethode auferlegten Regeln einzuhalten, um unsere vertraglichen Rechte durchzusetzen, um die Dienste, Rechte, den Datenschutz, die Sicherheit und das Eigentum von Stripe, Ihnen und anderen zu sichern und zu schützen, einschließlich gegen unlautere oder betrügerische Aktivitäten, und um auf rechtmäßige Anfragen von Gerichten, Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Aufsichtsbehörden und anderen öffentlichen und staatlichen Stellen zu reagieren, zu denen auch Stellen außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes gehören können.
3. Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Für die Zwecke der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und anderer geltender Datenschutzgesetze stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf eine Reihe von Rechtsgrundlagen.
Mehr erfahren
. In bestimmten Rechtsordnungen können zusätzliche Rechtsgrundlagen gelten, die im Abschnitt
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
weiter unten erläutert werden.
a. Vertragliche und vorvertragliche Geschäftsbeziehungen.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um Geschäftsbeziehungen mit potenziellen Geschäftskunden und Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern einzugehen und unsere jeweiligen vertraglichen Verpflichtungen mit ihnen zu erfüllen. Zu diesen Verarbeitungstätigkeiten zählen:
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe-Konten und Anmeldedaten für Stripe-Konten, einschließlich der Prüfung von Anfragen zur erstmaligen oder erweiterten Nutzung der von uns erbrachten Dienste;
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe Checkout-Konten;
Aktivitäten im Rahmen von Buchhaltung, Auditing und Abrechnung; sowie
Zahlungsabwicklung und damit zusammenhängende Aktivitäten wie Betrugserkennung, Verlustprävention, Transaktionsoptimierung, Mitteilungen über solche Zahlungen und damit zusammenhängende Kundendienstaktivitäten.
b. Rechtskonformität.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um die Identität von natürlichen und juristischen Personen zu verifizieren, um Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit Betrugsüberwachung, -prävention und -erkennung, Gesetzen im Zusammenhang mit der Identifizierung und Meldung illegaler und rechtswidriger Aktivitäten, beispielsweise im Rahmen der Vorschriften zur Geldwäschebekämpfung (AML – Anti-Money Laundering) und zur Kundenidentifizierung (KYC – Know-Your-Customer), sowie Finanzberichterstattungspflichten nachzukommen. So kann es beispielsweise erforderlich sein, die Identität eines Geschäftskunden zu erfassen und zu überprüfen, um Vorschriften zur Verhinderung von Geldwäsche, Betrug und Finanzkriminalität einzuhalten. Diese Rechtsvorschriften können uns dazu verpflichten, Rechenschaft gegenüber Dritten abzulegen und uns Prüfungen durch Dritte zu unterziehen.
c. Berechtigte Interessen.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf unsere berechtigten Geschäftsinteressen. Die folgende Liste enthält Beispiele für Geschäftszwecke, für die wir ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten haben:
Erkennung, Verfolgung und Verhinderung von betrügerischen Handlungen und nicht autorisierten Zahlungsvorgängen;
Minimierung finanzieller Verluste, Ansprüche, Verbindlichkeiten oder anderer Schäden für Endkundinnen/Endkunden, Endnutzer/innen, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und Stripe;
Feststellung der Eignung für neue Stripe-Dienstleistungen sowie deren Angebot (
Mehr erfahren
);
Beantwortung von Anfragen, Zustellung von Servicemeldungen und Erbringung von Kundensupport;
Vermarktung, Analyse, Änderung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, Systeme und Tools sowie die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Dienste, einschließlich der Verbesserung der Zuverlässigkeit der Dienste;
Verwaltung, Betrieb und Verbesserung der Leistung unserer Websites und Dienste mithilfe von Informationen über ihre Effektivität und die Optimierung unserer digitalen Ressourcen;
Analyse und Werbung für unsere Dienste und damit verbundene Verbesserungen;
Gesamtanalysen und Entwicklung von Business-Intelligence-Lösungen, die uns dabei unterstützen, unsere Geschäftstätigkeiten auszuführen und zu schützen, fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen und über die Leistung unseres Unternehmens zu berichten;
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an die Drittpartei-Dienstleister, die in unserem Namen Dienste anbieten, und an Geschäftspartner, die uns bei der Ausübung und Optimierung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit unterstützen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Gewährleistung der Netzwerk- und Informationssicherheit bei Stripe und den von Stripe erbrachten Diensten; sowie
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
d. Einwilligung.
Bei der Erhebung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten in Bezug auf unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen und die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste wie Link, Financial Connections, Atlas und Identity können wir uns auf Ihre Einwilligung bzw. ausdrückliche Einwilligung stützen. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten, haben Sie das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne dass dies Auswirkungen auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung hat, die auf der Grundlage der Einwilligung vor deren Widerruf erfolgt ist.
e. Erhebliches öffentliches Interesse.
Wir können besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten im Sinne der DSGVO verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung aus Gründen eines wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses und im Einklang mit geltendem Recht erforderlich ist, beispielsweise wenn wir Überprüfungen politisch exponierter Personen vornehmen. Ferner können wir auch personenbezogene Daten im Zusammenhang mit strafrechtlichen Verurteilungen und Straftaten verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung durch geltendes Recht autorisiert ist, beispielsweise wenn wir ein Sanktionsscreening durchführen, um den AML- und KYC-Verpflichtungen nachzukommen.
4. Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Je nach Standort und geltendem Recht haben Sie im Hinblick auf unsere Erhebung, Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bestimmte Wahlmöglichkeiten:
a. Abmeldung von der elektronischen Kommunikation mit uns.
Wenn Sie keine marketingbezogenen E-Mails mehr von uns erhalten möchten, können Sie sich abmelden, indem Sie auf den in diesen E-Mails enthaltenen Abmeldelink klicken oder wie
hier
beschrieben. Wir werden versuchen, Ihre Anfrage schnellstmöglich zu bearbeiten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir uns das Recht vorbehalten, mit Ihnen über die von Ihnen in Anspruch genommenen Dienste zu kommunizieren (beispielsweise über Support und wichtige rechtliche Hinweise), auch wenn Sie sich gegen den Erhalt marketingbezogener E-Mails von uns entscheiden. Trotzdem können Geschäftskunden Ihnen Nachrichten schicken oder uns anweisen, Ihnen in ihrem Namen Nachrichten zu schicken.
b. Ihre Datenschutzrechte.
Je nach Ihrem Standort und den dort geltenden Gesetzen haben Sie unter Umständen folgende Rechte in Bezug auf die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben:
Das Recht auf Auskunft darüber, ob Stripe personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, die mit Ihnen assoziiert sind, und wenn ja, Zugang zu diesen personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe zur Berichtigung und Aktualisierung von falschen, unvollständigen oder veralteten personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, unter bestimmten, gesetzlich festgelegten Umständen von Stripe die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe unter bestimmten Umständen (beispielsweise während der Bearbeitung eines anderen von Ihnen eingebrachten Antrags wie etwa eines Antrags auf Berichtigung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten) zur Einschränkung der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir vorhalten, an ein anderes Unternehmen exportieren, sofern dies technisch möglich ist;
Das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung zu widerrufen, wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer früheren Einwilligung erfolgt;
Das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen, wenn wir Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen verarbeiten; sofern keine zwingenden berechtigten Gründe vorliegen oder die Verarbeitung aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist, werden wir die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nach Erhalt Ihres Widerspruchs einstellen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, wegen der Ausübung dieser Rechte nicht diskriminiert zu werden; und
Das Recht darauf, gegen jede diese Rechte betreffende Entscheidung von Stripe Widerspruch einzulegen, indem Sie sich an die Datenschutzbeauftragten von Stripe („DSB“) unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden.
Je nach geltendem Recht haben Sie möglicherweise weitergehende Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten. Beispiele finden Sie im Abschnitt „Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen“ unter „Vereinigte Staaten“ weiter unten.
c. Verfahren zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte
Besuchen Sie zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte unser
Datenschutzcenter
oder kontaktieren Sie uns wie unten beschrieben.
5. Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Wir treffen geeignete Vorkehrungen, um ein Schutzniveau zu gewährleisten, das dem Risiko bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten angemessen ist. Dazu setzen wir organisatorische, technische und administrative Maßnahmen ein, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die unter diese Erklärung fallen, vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Leider ist kein Datenübertragungs- oder Speichersystem absolut sicher.
Wir empfehlen, uns beim Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu unterstützen. Wenn Sie ein Stripe-Konto besitzen, können Sie dies durch die Verwendung eines sicheren Passworts, den Schutz Ihres Passworts vor unbefugter Nutzung und die Vermeidung der mehrfachen Verwendung der Anmeldedaten für Ihr Stripe-Konto auch bei anderen Diensten oder Konten tun. Wenn Sie den Verdacht haben, dass Ihre Interaktionen mit uns nicht mehr sicher sind (z. B. wenn Sie glauben, dass die Sicherheit Ihres Stripe-Kontos nicht mehr gewährleistet ist),
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte umgehend.
Wir halten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange vor, wie wir Ihnen oder unseren Geschäftskunden die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen, oder für einen Zeitraum, bei dem wir vernünftigerweise davon ausgehen, dass wir die Dienste weiterhin anbieten. Auch nachdem wir die Bereitstellung von Diensten für Sie oder einen Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, eingestellt haben, und auch nachdem Sie Ihr Stripe-Konto geschlossen oder eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden abgeschlossen haben, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin aufbewahren, um:
unseren rechtlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen,
Aktivitäten zur Betrugsüberwachung, -aufdeckung und Verlustprävention zu ermöglichen, und
zur Erfüllung unserer steuerlichen, buchhalterischen und finanzwirtschaftlichen Berichtspflichten, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen eine solche Aufbewahrung durch unsere vertraglichen Vereinbarungen mit unseren Finanzpartnern vorgeschrieben ist (und in denen die Aufbewahrung von Daten durch die von Ihnen verwendeten Zahlungsmethoden vorgeschrieben ist).
In den Fällen, in denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aufbewahren, tun wir dies in Übereinstimmung mit allen Verjährungsfristen und Aufzeichnungspflichten, die uns durch geltendes Recht auferlegt werden.
Mehr erfahren
.
6. Internationale Datenübermittlung
Für uns als globales Unternehmen ist es manchmal notwendig, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in andere Länder als Ihr eigenes zu übermitteln, einschließlich der Vereinigten Staaten. In diesen Ländern gelten unter Umständen andere Datenschutzbestimmungen als in Ihrem Land. Bei der grenzüberschreitenden Übermittlung von Daten ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Einhaltung geltender Datenschutzrechte in Bezug auf eine solche Übermittlung. In bestimmten Situationen kann es erforderlich sein, dass wir personenbezogene Daten auf rechtmäßige Anfrage von Behörden (beispielsweise Strafverfolgungs- oder Sicherheitsbehörden) hin offenlegen müssen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“), im Vereinigten Königreich („UK“) oder in der Schweiz ansässig sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
. Wenn das geltende Recht einen Datenübertragungsmechanismus verlangt, verwenden wir einen oder mehrere der folgenden Mechanismen:
Übermittlungen in bestimmte Länder oder an Empfänger, die nach geltendem Recht anerkanntermaßen ein angemessenes Schutzniveau für personenbezogene Daten bieten.
Die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigten EU-Standardvertragsklauseln und das vom UK Information Commissioner's Office herausgegebene Zusatzprotokoll zum internationalen Datentransfer. Sie können ein Exemplar der einschlägigen Standardvertragsklauseln erhalten. Weitere Informationen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Weitere rechtmäßige Methoden, die uns nach geltendem Recht zur Verfügung stehen.
Stripe, Inc. hält sich an das EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework („EU-U.S. DPF“), die UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF und das Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, wie vom U.S. Department of Commerce festgelegt und soweit anwendbar.
Mehr erfahren
.
7. Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Wir können diese Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit ändern, um neue Dienste, Änderungen unserer Datenschutzpraktiken oder der relevanten Gesetze widerzuspiegeln. Die Legende „Letzte Aktualisierung“ oben in dieser Richtlinie zeigt an, wann diese Richtlinie zuletzt überarbeitet wurde. Alle Änderungen treten in Kraft, sobald wir die überarbeitete Richtlinie zu den Diensten veröffentlicht oder auf andere Weise über die Aktualisierung informiert haben, wie dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, je nachdem, welcher der Zeitpunkt später ist.
Wir können Ihnen Offenlegungen und Warnungen bezüglich der Richtlinie oder erhobener personenbezogener Daten durch Veröffentlichung auf unserer Website und, wenn Sie ein Endnutzer oder Vertreter sind, durch Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen über Ihr Stripe Dashboard, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und/oder die in Ihrem Stripe-Konto angegebene physische Adresse zukommen lassen.
8. Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Australien.
Sollten Sie in Australien ansässig sein und mit unserer Bearbeitung von Beschwerden, die Sie im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung vorbringen, unzufrieden sein, können Sie sich an das Office of the Australian Information Commissioner wenden.
Brasilien.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. In Brasilien ansässige Personen, für die das Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais („LGPD“) gilt, haben die in Artikel 18 des LGPD festgelegten Rechte.
Kanada.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), den Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63 in British Columbia, den Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5 in Alberta und den Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Data in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (Quebec Private Sector Act) in Quebec. „Personenbezogene Daten“ umfasst „persönliche Informationen“ gemäß der Definition in diesen Gesetzen.
Quebec.
Der Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe ist für personenbezogene Daten im Sinne des Quebec Private Sector Act verantwortlich. Sie können per E-Mail unter privacy@stripe.com mit ihm Kontakt aufnehmen. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten von in Quebec ansässigen Personen erheben, können wir diese Daten an Datenzentren in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen. Dienstleister, die wir zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einsetzen, können auch außerhalb von Quebec ansässig sein.
Sie haben das Recht, Zugang zu den personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie speichern, sowie ihre Berichtigung zu verlangen oder Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten zu widerrufen. Sie können diese Rechte ausüben, indem Sie sich unter privacy@stripe.com an den Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe wenden. Wenn Sie ein Endkunde sind, sollten Sie sich zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte an den Geschäftskunden wenden, mit dem Sie Geschäfte getätigt haben.
EWR und Vereinigtes Königreich.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Wenn Sie im EWR ansässig sind oder wenn Stripe Payments Europe Limited als Ihr Datenverantwortlicher identifiziert wird und Sie glauben, dass unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) widerspricht, können Sie Ihre Fragen oder Beschwerden an die irische Datenschutzkommission richten. Wenn Sie im Vereinigten Königreich ansässig sind, richten Sie Ihre Fragen oder Bedenken an das UK Information Commissioner's Office. Wenn personenbezogene Daten für regulierte Finanzaktivitäten in Europa verwendet werden, gelten Stripe Payments Europe Limited und die lokalen regulierten Unternehmen von Stripe als gemeinsam Verantwortliche.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem haben Sie zusätzliche Rechte gemäß EU-U.S. DPF und UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Mehr erfahren
.
Indien.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA), sobald dieser in Kraft getreten ist. Darüber hinaus schließt der Begriff „Datenverantwortlicher“ auch „Datentreuhänder“ und der Begriff „betroffene Person“ auch „Auftraggeber“ ein, jeweils gemäß der Definition im DPDPA.
In einigen Fällen können wir uns auf die „berechtigte Verwendung“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, sofern dies nach DPDPA zulässig ist. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen. „Consent Manager“ im Sinne des DPDPA können einen Antrag auf Widerruf oder Erteilung der Einwilligung stellen, indem sie die im folgenden Abschnitt „Kontakt“ beschriebenen Methoden verwenden, oder wie im folgenden Absatz beschrieben, oder über andere Mittel, die Stripe in Zukunft zur Verfügung stellt. Bevor wir eine solche Anfrage bearbeiten, können wir einen Autorisierungs- und Identitätsnachweis verlangen.
In bestimmten Fällen können Sie aufgefordert werden, der Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihrer Aadhaar-Nummer durch Stripe India Private Limited und/oder seine(n) Verifizierungspartner zuzustimmen. Der Zweck dieser Erhebung besteht darin, das nach geltendem Recht vorgeschriebene Identifikationsverifizierungsverfahren zu erleichtern. Die Angabe Ihrer Aadhaar-Daten ist freiwillig. Sie können auch andere Identifikationsdokumente bereitstellen, sofern diese von uns akzeptiert werden. Ihnen wird kein Dienst verweigert werden, wenn Sie keine Aadhaar-Angaben machen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden bezüglich der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Indien haben oder wenn Sie diese Erklärung erhalten oder mit uns über den Datenschutz in einer der indischen Amtssprachen kommunizieren möchten,
wenden Sie sich bitte an unseren Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Mehr erfahren
. Alternativ können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Falls wir nicht in der Lage sind, auf Ihre Beschwerde oder Ihr Anliegen einzugehen, haben Sie das Recht, die Angelegenheit zum Data Protection Board of India weiterzuleiten.
Indonesien.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Gesetz Nr. 11 aus dem Jahr 2008, geändert durch das Gesetz Nr. 19 aus dem Jahr 2016 über elektronische Informationen und Transaktionen, die Regierungsverordnung Nr. 71 aus dem Jahr 2019 über die Einführung elektronischer Systeme und Transaktionen sowie die Verordnung des Ministers für Kommunikation und Informatik Nr. 20 aus dem Jahr 2016 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten in elektronischen Systemen und ab September 2024 das Gesetz Nr. 27 aus dem Jahr 2022 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten (PDP-Gesetz). Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Japan.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI). Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten betroffener Personen in Japan in Länder übermitteln, die von der Kommission für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten nicht als „angemessen“ anerkannt sind, schließen wir schriftliche Verträge mit Drittparteien ab, die sich außerhalb Japans befinden. Diese schriftlichen Verträge sehen Rechte und Pflichten vor, die denen des japanischen Act on the Protection of Personal Information entsprechen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir sicherstellen, dass Drittparteien Ihre Daten schützen und wo sich Ihre Daten befinden, erhalten Sie oben oder von uns wie unten beschrieben. Eine Beschreibung ausländischer Systeme und Rahmenwerke, welche die Implementierung gleichwertiger Maßnahmen durch die Drittpartei beeinflussen können, finden Sie
hier
.
In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem APPI zulässig, können wir uns auf das „öffentliche Interesse“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, wie beispielsweise bei der Aufdeckung von Betrug und der Verhinderung von Verlusten.
Malaysia.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Singapur.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) (Nr. 26 von 2012) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung. In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem PDPA zulässig, können wir uns auf eine „mutmaßliche Einwilligung“ als Rechtsgrundlage stützen. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Schweiz.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Bundesgesetz über den Datenschutz (DSG) in seiner revidierten Fassung. Zur Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem DSG wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten. Möglicherweise haben Sie auch zusätzliche Rechte im Rahmen des Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, sobald dieses in Kraft tritt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Thailand.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „anwendbares Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (PDPA). Sind wir auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen angewiesen (beispielsweise „gesetzliche Verpflichtung“ oder „vertragliche Notwendigkeit“) und stellen Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung, können wir Ihnen möglicherweise unsere Dienste nicht rechtmäßig anbieten. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Vereinigte Staaten.
Wenn Sie ein/e in den Vereinigten Staaten („USA“) ansässige/r Verbraucher/in sind, verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den US-amerikanischen Datenschutzgesetzen, einschließlich des California Consumer Privacy Act („CCPA“), Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, Florida Digital Bill of Rights, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act sowie des Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie
hier
. Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Stripe, einschließlich Werbe-Cookies, ist in unserer
Cookie Policy
beschrieben.
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten.
Als Verbraucher in den Vereinigten Staaten haben Sie – vorbehaltlich bestimmter Einschränkungen durch die Datenschutzgesetze der Vereinigten Staaten – gegebenenfalls Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns (
Weitere Informationen
über die Metriken für die Rechte betroffener Personen). Zusätzlich zu den
oben genannten Rechten
:
Ausübung des Auskunftsrechts: Sie haben das Recht, zusätzliche Informationen über die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten anzufordern, die erhoben, verkauft, offengelegt oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Zwecke, für die diese personenbezogenen Daten erhoben, verkauft oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Kategorien der Quellen personenbezogener Daten; und über die Kategorien von Drittparteien, denen gegenüber wir diese personenbezogenen Daten offengelegt oder an sie weitergegeben haben.
Ausübung des Rechts, den Verkauf oder die Weitergabe abzulehnen: Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten, wie oben angemerkt, an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. Da diese Drittparteien die von Stripe gelieferten Daten für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden können, könnte die Lieferung von Daten durch Stripe an diese Parteien als „Verkauf“ oder „Weitergabe“ von Daten im Sinne des CCPA und anderer geltender US-Datenschutzgesetze betrachtet werden. Sie können sich
hier
gegen gezielte Werbung und den damit verbundenen „Verkauf“ bzw. die „Weitergabe“ von Daten entscheiden.
Ausübung des Rechts, die Nutzung oder Weitergabe sensibler personenbezogener Daten einzuschränken: Wir verkaufen keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten im Sinne der US-Datenschutzgesetze und haben dies auch in den letzten 12 Monaten nicht getan. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Erhebung und Verwendung sensibler personenbezogener Daten in den letzten 12 Monaten finden Sie
hier
.
Um einen Antrag zur Ausübung eines der oben beschriebenen Rechte zu stellen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte anhand der im Abschnitt „Kontakt“ unten beschriebenen Methoden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Rechte nach einigen Gesetzen der US-Bundesstaaten nicht für personenbezogene Daten gelten, die wir erheben, verarbeiten und weitergeben, wenn Sie als Verbraucher/in handeln, um Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen von Stripe für private Zwecke zu beziehen. Der bundesweite Gramm-Leach Bliley Act kann regeln, wie Stripe diese Daten stattdessen weitergibt und schützt. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung für US-Verbraucher/innen
.
Wir werden Ihre Anfrage verifizieren, indem wir Sie bitten, sie von der in Ihrem Konto hinterlegten E-Mail-Adresse aus zu senden, oder indem wir Informationen von Ihnen verlangen, die zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität erforderlich sind, einschließlich Name, Adresse, Transaktionshistorie, Lichtbildausweis und sonstige mit Ihrem Konto verbundene Informationen.
Sie können schriftlich oder durch eine Vollmacht eine bevollmächtigte Vertreterin/einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter benennen, die/der in Ihrem Namen Anfragen einreicht, um Ihre Rechte gemäß dem CCPA auszuüben. Ihre Vertreterin/Ihr Vertreter kann eine Anfrage in Ihrem Namen einreichen, indem er/sie sich mit uns über die im Abschnitt „Kontaktaufnahme“ beschriebenen Wege in Verbindung setzt. Wir können Sie trotzdem auffordern, Ihre Identität direkt zu verifizieren und zu bestätigen, dass Sie der bevollmächtigten Vertreterin/dem bevollmächtigten Vertreter die Berechtigung erteilt haben, Ihre Anfrage zu übermitteln.
Global-Privacy-Control-Signale.
Stripe beachtet die Signale der Global Privacy Control (GPC) zur Opt-out-Einstellung.
Mehr erfahren
9. Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben,
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte. Wenn Sie eine Endkundin oder ein Endkunde sind (d. h. eine Einzelperson, die mit einem Geschäftskunden geschäftlich zu tun hat oder Transaktionen tätigt), lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärungen oder -hinweise des Geschäftskunden, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren, oder wenden Sie sich direkt an den Geschäftskunden.
10. Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise für Verbraucher/innen gelten für Sie, wenn Sie eine natürliche Person mit Wohnsitz in den Vereinigten Staaten sind und Finanzdienstleistungen von Stripe in erster Linie für Ihre eigenen privaten Zwecke in Familie und Haushalt nutzen.
Letzte Aktualisierung: 16. Januar 2024
FAKTEN
WAS MACHT STRIPE MIT IHREN PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN?
Warum?
Finanzunternehmen entscheiden, wie sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben.  Bundesgesetze berechtigen Verbraucher/innen, einige, aber nicht alle Formen der Weitergabe einzuschränken.  Darüber hinaus sind wir durch Bundesgesetze dazu verpflichtet, Sie darüber zu informieren, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, weitergeben und schützen.  Bitte lesen Sie diese Hinweise sorgfältig durch, um sich über unsere Tätigkeit zu informieren.
Was?
Die Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir erheben und weitergeben, hängen vom Produkt oder Dienst ab, den Sie bei uns in Anspruch nehmen. Diese Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Sozialversicherungsnummer
Kontaktangaben
Kontostand und Transaktionsverlauf
Details und Verlauf von Zahlungen, Transaktionen und Käufen
Wenn Sie
nicht länger
unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, geben wir Ihre Daten weiterhin wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben weiter.
Wie?
Alle Finanzunternehmen müssen zur Abwicklung ihrer Geschäfte personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben. Im folgenden Abschnitt führen wir die Gründe auf, aus denen Finanzunternehmen personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben können, die Gründe, aus denen Stripe sich für eine Weitergabe entscheidet, und ob Sie diese Weitergabe einschränken können.
Gründe, aus denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben können
Weitergabe durch Stripe?
Können Sie die Weitergabe einschränken?
Für unsere laufenden Geschäftszwecke, z. B. um Ihre Transaktionen zu bearbeiten, Ihre Konten zu führen, auf gerichtliche Anordnungen und Ermittlungen zu reagieren oder um an Kreditauskunfteien zu berichten
Ja
Nein
Für unsere Marketingzwecke: um Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten
Ja
Nein
Für die gemeinsame Vermarktung mit weiteren Unternehmen der Finanzbranche
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen und Erfahrungen
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Bonität
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für unsere verbundenen Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Link-Nutzer/in sind
Ja
Ja
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Nutzer/in von Financial Connections sind
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Zur Einschränkung unserer Weitergabe
Besuchen Sie uns online unter
https://support.link.com
Bitte beachten Sie:
Wenn Sie eine Neukundin/ein Neukunde sind, dürfen wir mit der Weitergabe Ihrer Daten 30 Tage nach dem Versand dieser Hinweise beginnen. Wenn Sie nicht länger unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, setzen wir die Weitergabe Ihrer Daten wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben fort.
Sie können sich jedoch jederzeit an uns wenden, um unsere Weitergabe einzuschränken.
Fragen?
Sie können uns jederzeit unter
privacy@stripe.com
kontaktieren oder auf
https://support.link.com
besuchen
Wer wir sind
Wer gibt diese Hinweise?
Stripe, Inc. und Stripe Payments Company sowie deren verbundene Unternehmen, die in den USA Zahlungen für Verbraucher/innen anbieten.
Was wir tun
Wie schützt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen, setzen wir im Einklang mit dem US-Bundesrecht entsprechende Sicherheitsmaßnahmen ein.  Zu diesen Maßnahmen zählen Computerschutzmaßnahmen sowie gesicherte Unterlagen und Gebäude.  Wir kontrollieren den Zugang und führen eine ständige Überwachung durch, um Datenmissbrauch zu verhindern. Von unseren Dienstleistern verlangen wir, dass sie vergleichbare Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Daten ergreifen.
Wie erhebt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zum Beispiel, wenn Sie
ein Link-Konto eröffnen;
Stripe mit der Abwicklung einer Zahlung für Waren oder Dienstleistungen beauftragen;
Stripe über Financial Connections Bankkontodaten zur Verfügung stellen.
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch von anderen, beispielsweise von verbundenen oder anderen Unternehmen.
Warum kann ich nicht die gesamte Weitergabe einschränken?
Das Bundesrecht erlaubt Ihnen nur,
die Weitergabe von Bonitätsangaben für die laufenden Geschäfte der verbundenen Unternehmen zu beschränken,
die Verwendung Ihrer Daten durch verbundene Unternehmen zu beschränken, die an Sie vermarkten,
die Weitergabe an nicht verbundene Unternehmen einzuschränken, die an Sie vermarkten.
Bundesstaatliche Gesetze und einzelne Unternehmen können Ihnen zusätzliche Rechte zur Einschränkung der Weitergabe einräumen. Im nachfolgenden Abschnitt „Weitere wichtige Informationen“ finden Sie weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten nach bundesstaatlichem Recht.
Was geschieht, wenn ich die Weitergabe für ein Konto einschränke, das ich gemeinsam mit einer anderen Person unterhalte?
Die von Ihnen getroffenen Entscheidungen gelten für alle Kontoinhaber/innen.
Definitionen
Verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind. Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu unseren verbundenen Unternehmen zählen solche, die unter dem Namen Stripe agieren, wie Stripe Payments Europe, Limited und Stripe Payments UK Ltd.
Nicht verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die nicht durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind.  Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu den nicht verbundenen Unternehmen, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, gehören Dienstleister, die in unserem Auftrag Dienste oder Funktionen erbringen, Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie Transaktionen durchführen, Partner, mit denen wir Daten austauschen, um Ihnen Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Gemeinsames Marketing
Eine förmliche Vereinbarung zwischen nicht verbundenen Finanzunternehmen, die gemeinsam Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen an Sie vermarkten.
Zu unseren Partnern für gemeinsames Marketing gehören Unternehmen aus der Finanzbranche, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen anzubieten.
Weitere wichtige Informationen
Vermont: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Vermont verknüpft ist, werden wir keine Informationen über Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen weitergeben und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Ihre Kreditauskunft oder Ihre Gesundheitsinformationen nicht an nicht verbundene Dritte weitergeben, um an Sie zu vermarkten – es sei denn, dies ist nach dem Gesetz von Vermont zulässig, oder Sie ermächtigen uns, diese Offenlegungen vorzunehmen.  Für gemeinsames Marketing geben wir nur Ihren Namen, Ihre Kontaktinformationen und Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen weiter.  Weitere Informationen zu unseren Datenschutzbestimmungen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung
und
Datenschutzcenter
.
Kalifornien: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Kalifornien verknüpft ist, geben wir personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, nur in dem Umfang weiter, der nach kalifornischem Recht zulässig ist.  Beispielsweise können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten offenlegen, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten oder von Ihnen angeforderte Produkte und Dienstleistungen auf Ihre Anfrage hin bereitzustellen, wenn dies zur Risikokontrolle des Finanzinstituts erforderlich ist, und um uns gegen Betrug, Identitätsdiebstahl und nicht autorisierte Transaktionen zu schützen.
Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken finden Sie im
Stripe-Datenschutzcenter
.
Sub-policy 8
https://twitter.com/de/privacy:
Skip to main content
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Privacy Center
Hilfe-Center
Archiv der Datenschutzerklärungen
PDF herunterladen
X Datenschutzrichtlinien
Gültig ab: 15. November 2024
Vor dem Scrollen bitte lesen
Es ist wirklich schwer, alle mit einer Datenschutzerklärung zufrieden zu stellen. Die meisten Personen, die X nutzen, wollen etwas Kurzes und leicht Verständliches. Wir wünschten zwar, wir könnten alles, was Sie wissen müssen, in einen Post packen, aber unsere Regulierungsbehörden verlangen von uns, dass wir unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen und alle Richtlinien sehr detailliert beschreiben.
Aus diesem Grund haben wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien so einfach wie möglich formuliert, damit Sie in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen zu treffen, wenn Sie X nutzen. Unser Ziel ist, dass Sie verstehen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie sie genutzt und wann sie weitergegeben werden, und dass Sie Kontrolle darüber haben.
Wenn Sie also nicht jedes Wort der Datenschutzerklärung lesen, sollten Sie wenigstens Folgendes wissen:
X ist eine öffentliche Plattform
Erfahren Sie, was angezeigt und durchsucht werden kann
Wir erheben einige Daten
über Sie
Erfahren Sie, was wir erfassen und wie
Dienste unserer verbundenen Unternehmen können ihre eigenen Richtlinien haben
Erfahren Sie mehr über verbundene Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von X
Erfahren Sie, wie wir Ihre Daten nutzen
Sie haben die Kontrolle über Ihr Erlebnis
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen aktualisieren
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Datennutzung haben, dann stellen Sie sie!
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
Die Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen, lassen sich in drei Kategorien unterteilen.
1.1 Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Zur Nutzung einiger unserer Produkte und Dienste benötigen Sie einen Account, und zur Erstellung eines Accounts müssen Sie uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Gleichfalls können wir, wenn Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen, Ihnen diese nicht zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir Ihre Zahlungsdaten nicht erhalten. Grundsätzlich brauchen wir für viele unserer Produkte und Dienste bestimmte Daten, damit Sie sie nutzen können.
Persönliche Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen Account erstellen, müssen Sie uns einige Daten zur Verfügung stellen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen können. Dazu gehören ein Anzeigename (zum Beispiel „Gestalter*innen“); ein Nutzername (zum Beispiel @XGestalter*innen); ein Passwort; eine E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer; ein Geburtsdatum, Ihre Anzeigesprache und Daten zur einmaligen Anmeldung bei Dritten (wenn Sie diese Anmeldemethode wählen). Sie können sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihren Standort in Ihrem Profil und in Ihren Posts zu teilen und Ihr Adressbuch auf X hochzuladen, damit Sie leichter nach Personen suchen können, die Sie kennen. Ihre Profildaten, einschließlich Ihres Anzeigenamens und Ihres Nutzernamens, sind immer öffentlich, aber Sie können entweder Ihren echten Namen oder ein Pseudonym verwenden. Denken Sie auch daran, dass Sie mehrere X Accounts einrichten können, zum Beispiel wenn Sie verschiedene Aspekte Ihrer Identität zum Ausdruck bringen möchten, sei es beruflich oder anderweitig.
Professionelle Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen
professionellen Account
einrichten, müssen Sie uns auch eine professionelle Kategorie angeben und können uns weitere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Postanschrift, Kontakt-E-Mail-Adresse und Kontakt-Telefonnummer. Alle diese Daten sind immer öffentlich.
Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Sie Werbeanzeigen oder andere Angebote kaufen möchten, die im Rahmen unserer kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden, müssen Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, des Ablaufdatums der Karte, des CVV-Codes und der Rechnungsadresse.
Bevorzugte Einstellungen.
Wenn Sie in Ihren
Einstellungen
bestimmte Präferenzen angeben, erheben wir diese Daten, damit wir Ihre Wünsche berücksichtigen können.
Biometrische Informationen.
Wenn Sie dazu Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre biometrischen Daten zu Sicherheits- und Identifikationszwecken erfassen und verwenden.
Stellenbewerbungen/Empfehlungen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Informationen aus Ihrer Biografie, Ihren beruflichen Werdegang, Ihren Bildungsgang, Ihre Beschäftigungspräferenzen, Fähigkeiten und Fertigkeiten oder Ihre Aktivität und Interaktionen bei der Stellensuche, zusätzlich zu den Informationen, die wir bereits gemäß dem Abschnitt „Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen“ unserer Datenschutzerklärung weiter unten erfassen) dafür erfassen und heranziehen, Ihnen potenzielle Jobs zu empfehlen, sie an potenzielle Arbeitgeber weiterzuleiten, wenn Sie sich auf eine Stelle bewerben, sodass Arbeitgeber potenzielle Kandidat*innen finden können, und Ihnen relevantere Werbung zu zeigen.
1.2 Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Mithilfe dieser Daten stellen wir Ihnen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung und tragen dazu bei, dass X sicherer und respektvoller für alle und relevanter für Sie ist.
Nutzungsinformationen.
Wir erfassen Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf X, darunter:
Von Ihnen gepostete Beiträge und andere Inhalte (einschließlich Datum, Anwendung und Version von X) sowie Informationen zu Ihrer Broadcast-Aktivität (z. B. Spaces), einschließlich von Ihnen erstellter Broadcasts und deren Erstellungszeitpunkt, Ihrer Listen, Lesezeichen und Communities, denen Sie angehören.
Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen, wie z. B. Reposts, „Gefällt mir“-Angaben, Lesezeichen, geteilten Inhalten, Downloads, Antworten, wenn andere Nutzer*innen Sie in Inhalten erwähnen oder markieren oder wenn Sie sie erwähnen oder markieren, und Broadcasts, an denen Sie teilgenommen haben (einschließlich Ihres Verlaufs in Bezug auf angesehene/angehörte Inhalte, Kommentare, Sprechbeiträge und Reaktionen).
Wie Sie mit anderen auf der Plattform interagieren, beispielsweise mit Personen, denen Sie folgen, und Personen, die Ihnen folgen, Metadaten in Bezug auf
verschlüsselte Nachrichten
und, wenn Sie
Direktnachrichten
verwenden, auch den Inhalt der Nachrichten, die Empfänger*innen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit der Nachrichten.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, erheben wir Daten über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt.
Wir erheben Daten über Links, mit denen Sie in unseren Diensten interagieren (auch in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken).
Käufe und Zahlungen.
Damit Sie unter Verwendung von X-Funktionen oder -Diensten eine Zahlung tätigen oder Geld senden können, auch über einen Vermittler, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen zu Ihrer Transaktion, etwa wann sie getätigt wurde, wann ein Abonnement abläuft oder automatisch verlängert wird und welche Beträge gezahlt oder erhalten wurden.
Gerätedaten.
Wir erfassen Informationen von und über die Geräte, die Sie für den Zugriff auf X verwenden, darunter:
Daten über Ihre Verbindung, wie beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp und verwandte Informationen.
Daten über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, wie beispielsweise Geräte- und Werbe-ID, Betriebssystem, Anbieter, Sprache, Speicher, installierte Apps und Akkustand.
Das Adressbuch Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie sich dazu entschieden haben, es mit uns zu teilen.
Standortinformationen.
Wenn Sie X verwenden, erfassen wir einige Informationen zu Ihrem ungefähren Standort, um Ihnen den erwarteten Dienst bereitzustellen, einschließlich der Anzeige relevanter Werbung. Sie können auch wählen, ob Sie Ihren aktuellen genauen Standort oder Orte, an denen Sie X zuvor genutzt haben, teilen möchten, indem Sie diese Einstellungen in Ihrem Account aktivieren.
Abgeleitete Identität.
Wir können Informationen sammeln oder erhalten, die wir verwenden, um auf Ihre Identität zu schließen, wie unten beschrieben:
Wenn Sie sich mit einem Browser oder Gerät bei X anmelden, verknüpfen wir diesen Browser oder dieses Gerät mit Ihrem Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir Ihren Account auch mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten verknüpfen als mit denen, die Sie für die Anmeldung bei X nutzen (oder Ihr abgemeldetes Gerät oder Ihren Browser mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten oder von X generierten Identifikatoren verknüpfen).
Wenn Sie X andere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich einer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, verknüpfen wir diese Daten mit Ihrem X Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir anhand dieser Daten auch andere Daten über Ihre Identität ableiten, zum Beispiel indem wir Ihren Account mit Hashes von E-Mail-Adressen verknüpfen, die gemeinsame Komponenten mit der E-Mail-Adresse haben, die Sie X zur Verfügung gestellt haben.
Wenn Sie auf X zugreifen und nicht angemeldet sind, können wir anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Identität ziehen.
Protokollinformationen.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf unseren Produkten und Diensten ansehen oder auf andere Weise mit ihnen interagieren, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen, auch wenn Sie keinen Account erstellt haben oder abgemeldet sind, beispielsweise:
IP-Adresse und zugehörige Informationen; Browsertyp und -sprache; Betriebssystem; die verweisende Webseite; Zugriffszeiten; besuchte Seiten; Standort; Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter; Geräteinformationen (einschließlich Geräte- und Anwendungs-IDs); Suchbegriffe und IDs (einschließlich derjenigen, die nicht als Abfragen übermittelt wurden); Ihnen auf X angezeigte Anzeigen; von X generierte Kennungen; und mit Cookies verknüpfte Kennungen. Wir erhalten Protokolldaten auch, wenn Sie auf Links in unseren Diensten klicken, sich diese ansehen oder mit ihnen interagieren, u. a. wenn Sie eine andere Applikation über X installieren.
Werbung.
Wenn Sie Werbung ansehen oder mit ihr interagieren, die wir auf oder außerhalb von X bereitstellen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen zu diesen Ansichten oder Interaktionen (z. B. Ansehen einer Videoanzeige oder eines Prerolls, Anklicken einer Anzeige, Interagieren mit Reposts oder Antworten auf eine Anzeige).
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien.
Wie viele Websites verwenden wir Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um zusätzliche Daten zur Website-Nutzung zu sammeln und unsere Dienste zu betreiben. Für viele Teile unserer Produkte und Dienste, wie etwa die Suche und Anzeige öffentlicher Profile, sind Cookies nicht erforderlich. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Interaktionen mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites Dritter.
Wenn Sie sich unsere Inhalte auf Websites von Dritten ansehen, die X Inhalte wie eingebettete Timelines oder Buttons zum Posten integrieren, können wir Protokolldaten erhalten, einschließlich der von Ihnen besuchten Webseite.
1.3 Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wenn Sie andere Online-Produkte und -Dienste nutzen, können sie Daten über diese Nutzung an uns weitergeben.
Werbepartner, Entwickler, Verleger.
Unsere Werbe- und Geschäftspartner geben Daten wie Browser-Cookie-IDs, von X generierte Identifikatoren,
IDs von Mobilgeräten, gehashte Nutzerdaten wie E-Mail-Adressen, demografische Daten oder Interessensdaten sowie auf einer Website oder App angesehene Inhalte oder durchgeführte Aktionen an uns weiter. Einige unserer Werbepartner, insbesondere unsere Werbekunden, ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält,
generiert oder
über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
Andere Dritte, Account-Verbindungen und Integrationen.
Wir können Daten über Sie von Dritten erhalten, die nicht unsere Werbepartner sind, wie beispielsweise von anderen X Nutzer*innen, Entwickler*innen und Partner*innen, die uns helfen, die Sicherheit und Qualität von Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu bewerten, von unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
und von anderen Diensten, die Sie mit Ihrem X Account verknüpfen. Sie können sich entscheiden, Ihren X Account mit Ihrem Account bei einem anderen Dienst zu verbinden und dieser andere Dienst kann uns Daten über Ihren Account bei diesem Dienst senden.
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
Aufgrund der Funktionsweise der Systeme, die unsere Dienste für Sie anbieten, ist es nicht einfach, die Verwendung der von uns erhobenen Daten aufzuschlüsseln. So kann beispielsweise dieselbe Dateninformation in verschiedener Art und Weise für verschiedene Zwecke verwendet werden, damit letztlich ein einziger Dienst erbracht werden kann. Am zweckdienlichsten ist es wahrscheinlich, die fünf wichtigsten Arten und Weisen zu erläutern, in der wir Daten verwenden. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, die nicht beantwortet werden, können Sie uns jederzeit
kontaktieren
. Mehr im Folgenden:
2.1 Betreiben, Verbessern und Personalisieren unserer Dienste.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten nutzen wir zur Bereitstellung und zum Betrieb der X Produkte und Dienste. Außerdem verbessern und personalisieren wir mit den erhobenen Daten unsere Produkte und Dienste, damit Sie ein besseres Erlebnis auf X haben, u. a. indem wir Ihnen relevantere Inhalte und Werbung zeigen, Ihnen Personen und Themen vorschlagen, denen Sie folgen können, und Ihnen helfen,
verbundene Unternehmen
, Apps von Dritten und Dienste zu entdecken. Wir können die Daten, die wir erheben, und öffentlich verfügbare Daten zum Training unserer Modelle für Maschinenlernen oder künstliche Intelligenz für die in dieser Richtlinie dargelegten Zwecke heranziehen.
Wir können die Daten, die wir von Accounts anderer Dienste erheben, bei denen Sie sich zur Verknüpfung mit Ihrem X Accounts entschieden haben, heranziehen, damit wir Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifendes Posting oder dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung bieten und unsere Dienste betreiben können.
Anhand Ihrer Kontaktdaten helfen wir anderen, Ihren Account zu finden, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen, u. a. über Dienste von Dritten und Client-Applikationen.
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer
Einstellungen
stellen wir mithilfe Ihrer Daten unsere Dienste für Werbung und gesponserte Inhalte bereit, was dabei hilft, die Werbeanzeigen auf X für Sie relevanter zu gestalten. Anhand dieser Daten messen wir auch die Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und helfen, Ihre Geräte zu erkennen, damit wir Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von X für Sie schalten können. Einige unserer Werbepartner ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält, generiert oder über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
2.2  Sicherheit und Schutz fördern.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten sorgen wir für den Schutz und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer*innen, unserer Produkte, unserer Dienste und Ihres Accounts. Dazu gehören die Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, die Authentifizierung Ihres Accounts und die Abwehr von Betrug, unbefugter Nutzung und illegalen Aktivitäten. Außerdem bewerten und beeinflussen wir mithilfe der Daten die Sicherheit und Qualität der Inhalte auf X. Das beinhaltet die Untersuchung und Durchsetzung unserer Richtlinien und AGB sowie des geltenden Rechts.
2.3 Messen, Analysieren und Verbessern unserer Dienst.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten messen und analysieren wir die Effektivität unserer Produkte und Dienste und lernen besser verstehen, wie Sie sie nutzen, damit wir sie weiter verbessern können.
2.4 Kommunikation mit Ihnen über unsere Dienste.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten kommunizieren wir mit Ihnen über unsere Produkte und Dienste, u. a. über Produktaktualisierungen und Änderungen unserer Richtlinien und AGB. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, können wir Ihnen auch gelegentlich Marketingnachrichten schicken.
2.5 Forschung.
Anhand der Daten, die Sie uns mitteilen oder die wir erheben, führen wir Forschung, Umfragen, Produkttests und Fehlerbehebungen durch, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern.
3. Weitergabe von Daten
Sie sollten wissen, auf welche Weise wir Ihre Daten weitergeben, warum wir sie weitergeben und wie Sie dies beeinflussen können. Es gibt fünf grundsätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir Ihre Daten weitergeben.
3.1 Wenn Sie posten und teilen.
An die breite Öffentlichkeit
. Sie weisen uns an, diese Daten so weit wie möglich offenzulegen. Die Inhalte von X, einschließlich Ihrer Profildaten (z. B. Name/Pseudonym, Nutzername, Profilbilder), sind für die breite Öffentlichkeit zur Ansicht zugänglich. Die Öffentlichkeit muss sich nicht anmelden, um einen Teil der Inhalte auf X zu sehen. X Inhalte sind auch außerhalb von X auffindbar, zum Beispiel über die Ergebnisse von Suchanfragen in Internet-Suchmaschinen oder in Videos, die heruntergeladen und anderswo geteilt wurden (abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
).
An andere X Nutzer*innen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
und basierend auf den X Produkten und Diensten, die Sie nutzen, geben wir Folgendes weiter:
Ihre Interaktionen mit X-Inhalten anderer Benutzer, z. B. Antworten und Personen, denen Sie folgen.
Inhalte, die Sie an bestimmte X Nutzer*innen senden, wie beispielsweise über
Direktnachrichten
. Zur Beachtung: Wenn Sie Daten wie Direktnachrichten oder geschützte Posts mit einer Person geteilt haben, die über einen Dienst eines Dritten auf X zugreift, können die Daten an den Dienst des Dritten weitergegeben werden.
An Partner.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
stellen wir auch bestimmten Dritten Daten zur Verfügung, damit sie uns beim Angebot oder Betrieb unserer Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. In unserem
Hilfe-Center
erfahren Sie mehr über diese Partnerschaften. Ob X Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Partner weitergibt, steuern Sie über die Option „Datenaustausch mit Geschäftspartnern“ in Ihren
Einstellungen für Datenschutz und Sicherheit
. (Diese Einstellung steuert nicht die Weitergabe, die an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben wird, wie beispielsweise wenn wir Daten mit unseren Dienstleistern oder durch andere als die in diesem
Hilfe-Center
-Artikel beschriebenen Partnerschaften teilen.)
3.2 Mit Drittanbietern und Drittanbieterintegrationen.
An Dienstleister.
Wir können Ihre Daten an unsere
Dienstleister
weitergeben, die in unserem Auftrag Funktionen und Dienste erbringen, u.a. Zahlungsdienstleister, die Zahlungen ermöglichen; Servicepartner, die unsere verschiedenen Blogs und Wikis hosten; Servicepartner, die uns helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste zu verstehen, Anbieter von Bewerberverfolgungssystemen, die Bewerber- und Stellendaten an mögliche Arbeitgeber versenden und von ihnen enthalten, und solche, die Betrugserkennungsdienste anbieten.
An Werbekunden.
Werbeeinnahmen ermöglichen es uns, unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Werbekunden können Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit ihren Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von X erhalten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in unseren Diensten auf einen externen Link oder eine Werbeanzeige klicken, kann der Werbekunde oder der Betreiber der Website herausfinden, dass Sie von X gekommen sind, zusammen mit anderen Daten, die mit der Werbeanzeige, auf die Sie geklickt haben, verknüpft sind, wie beispielsweise Merkmale der Zielgruppe, die damit erreicht werden sollte, und andere von X generierte Identifikatoren für diese Werbeanzeige. Sie können auch andere personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wie beispielsweise Cookie-Identifikatoren oder Ihre IP-Adresse.
Inhalte und Integrationen von Dritten.
Wir geben Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weiter oder legen diese offen, beispielsweise wenn Sie
einen Web-Client oder eine Applikation eines Dritten autorisieren
, auf Ihren Account zuzugreifen, oder uns anweisen, Ihr Feedback an ein Unternehmen weiterzugeben. Gleichfalls arbeiten wir zur Verbesserung Ihrer Nutzung mit Dritten zusammen, damit ihre Videoinhalte auf X angezeigt oder Inhalte plattformübergreifend geteilt werden können. Wenn Sie sich Inhalte unserer Videopartner oder plattformübergreifenden Partner ansehen oder anderweitig mit diesen interagieren, können diese Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten und verarbeiten, wie in ihren Datenschutzerklärungen beschrieben. Für Videoinhalte können Sie Ihre
Autoplay-Einstellungen
anpassen, wenn Sie möchten, dass die Inhalte nicht automatisch abgespielt werden.
Kooperation mit Dritten.
Wenn Sie die entsprechenden
Einstellungen
vorgenommen haben oder sich dazu entschließen, Ihre Daten weiterzugeben, können wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben oder offenlegen. Wenn Sie sich nicht abmelden, können die Empfänger der Informationen diese in einigen Fällen zusätzlich zu den in der Datenschutzrichtlinie von X genannten Zwecken auch für ihre eigenen unabhängigen Zwecke verwenden, darunter beispielsweise zum Trainieren ihrer Modelle künstlicher Intelligenz, ob generativ oder anderweitig.
Durch unsere APIs.
Wir verwenden Technologien wie
APIs
und Einbettungen zur Bereitstellung öffentlicher X Daten für Websites, Apps und andere zu ihrer Nutzung, zum Beispiel damit Posts auf einer Nachrichten-Website angezeigt werden können oder damit analysiert werden kann, was Personen auf X äußern. Wir stellen diese Inhalte in der Regel in begrenztem Umfang kostenlos zur Verfügung und erheben Lizenzgebühren für den Zugriff in großem Umfang. Wir haben
Standard
-Geschäftsbedingungen, die regeln, wie diese Daten verwendet werden können, und ein Compliance-Programm zur Durchsetzung dieser Bedingungen. Diese Personen und Unternehmen sind jedoch nicht mit X verbunden und ihre Angebote spiegeln möglicherweise nicht die Aktualisierungen wider, die Sie auf X vornehmen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir der Welt öffentliche Daten auf X zur Verfügung stellen, finden Sie unter
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 In Fällen, in denen es gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, zur Verhinderung von Schaden oder im öffentlichen Interesse.
Wir können Ihre Daten aufbewahren, verwenden, weitergeben oder offenlegen, wenn wir glauben, dass es für einen der folgenden Zwecke vernünftigerweise notwendig ist:
zur Einhaltung eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder
zur Erfüllung eines rechtsgültigen Verfahrens oder einer behördlichen Anfrage
zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer Person, zum Schutz der Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Plattform, u. a. zur Verhinderung von Spam, Missbrauch oder böswilligen Akteuren auf unseren Diensten
Erklären, warum wir Inhalte oder Konten aus unseren Diensten entfernt haben (z. B. wegen eines Verstoßes gegen
unsere Regeln
);
zur Lösung von Problemen mit Betrug und Sicherheit oder technischen Problemen
zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder unseres Eigentum oder der Rechte oder des Eigentums der Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir können außerdem verschiedene Signale und Ihre Daten zur Ableitung, Aufbewahrung, Nutzung, Weiterleitung oder Offenlegung Ihres Alter und Ihrer Identitätsinformationen heranziehen, damit wir gesetzliche Vorschriften einhalten können sowie je nach Sachlage im Interesse von Sicherheit, Schutz, Betrugsbekämpfung, Sorgfaltspflichten in Bezug auf Kund*innen und Unternehmen sowie zur Identitätsprüfung. Zu diesen Zwecken können wir Ihre Alters- und Identitätsinformationen auch an unsere Partner, Dienstanbieter und andere weitergeben oder offenlegen.
3.4 An unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
Wir können Daten an unsere
verbundenen Unternehmen
weitergeben, damit unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden können.
3.5 Änderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse.
Wir können Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit einer Fusion, Übernahme, Reorganisation, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder einem Konkurs weitergeben, verkaufen oder übertragen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die (vor und nach dem Abschluss einer Transaktion) an das neue Unternehmen weitergegeben oder übertragen werden.
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren verschiedene Arten von Informationen für unterschiedlich lange Zeiträume auf, abhängig davon, wie lange wir sie benötigen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitstellen und unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen. Zum Beispiel:
Wir speichern Ihre Profilinformationen wie Ihren Anzeigenamen, Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse für die Dauer Ihres Kontos. Ohne die Speicherung dieser Informationen können wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nicht bereitstellen.
Wir speichern Ihre Nutzungsinformationen, beispielsweise die von Ihnen veröffentlichten Inhalte, Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen und Ihre Interaktion mit anderen auf der Plattform, solange Ihr Account besteht oder bis diese Inhalte entfernt werden.
Wir speichern Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer und Rechnungsadresse, für die Dauer, in der Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Aufzeichnungen von Transaktionen werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht länger aufbewahrt.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, bewahren wir Informationen über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt bis zu 18 Monate lang auf, es sei denn, wir müssen sie für einen längeren Zeitraum aufbewahren, um unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen oder unsere gesetzlichen Rechte auszuüben oder zu verteidigen.
Wir erfassen Geräteinformationen, Standortinformationen, abgeleitete Identitätsinformationen und Protokollinformationen im Allgemeinen mithilfe von Cookies. Wir bewahren Cookies und mithilfe von Cookies erfasste Informationen bis zu 13 Monate lang auf. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Informationen zu Ihren Ansichten oder Interaktionen mit Anzeigen mit oder ohne X sowie zu Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites von Drittanbietern speichern wir bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wir speichern von Werbe- und Geschäftspartnern weitergegebene Informationen bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wenn Sie gegen unsere Regeln verstoßen und Ihr Account gesperrt wird, können wir die Identifikatoren, die Sie zur Erstellung des Accounts verwendet haben (z. B. E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer), auf unbestimmte Zeit speichern. Dadurch wollen wir verhindern, dass Wiederholungstäter*innen neue Accounts erstellen.
Um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und aus Sicherheitsgründen müssen wir bestimmte Informationen möglicherweise länger aufbewahren, als in unseren Richtlinien angegeben. Zum Beispiel:
Damit wir einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung, einem rechtsgültigen Verfahren oder einer behördlichen Anfrage nachkommen können.
Darunter fällt die Erfüllung einer rechtlich angemessenen Aufbewahrungsanfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff durch Strafverfolgungsbehörden finden Sie
hier
.
Im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten und behördlichen Angelegenheiten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, Informationen zu Ihrem Konto aufzubewahren, um X gegen Rechtsansprüche zu verteidigen.
Um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es erforderlich ist, Ihre Daten länger zu speichern, um den Missbrauch unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu untersuchen und zu bekämpfen.
Bedenken Sie, dass öffentliche Inhalte auch nach ihrer Entfernung von X noch woanders vorhanden sein können. Suchmaschinen und andere Drittanbieter können beispielsweise Kopien Ihrer Beiträge auf Grundlage ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien länger aufbewahren, selbst nachdem sie auf X gelöscht wurden oder abgelaufen sind. Weitere Informationen zur Suchsichtbarkeit finden Sie
hier
.
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
5.1 Zugriff, Berichtigung, Übertragbarkeit.
Sie können auf die Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, zugreifen, sie berichtigen oder ändern, indem Sie Ihr Profil bearbeiten und Ihre Account-
Einstellungen
anpassen.
Unter
Deine X Daten
erfahren Sie mehr über die Daten, die wir über Sie erhoben oder abgeleitet haben.
Hier
können Sie Zugriff auf weitere Daten anfordern.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Daten, z. B. Ihrer Posts, herunterladen, indem Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen.
Zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und zur Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, bevor wir Ihnen Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gewähren oder einem Antrag auf Löschung, Übertragbarkeit oder einem anderen damit zusammenhängenden Antrag nachkommen. In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihren Antrag auf Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Übertragbarkeit ablehnen, z. B. wenn Sie Ihre Identität nicht nachweisen können.
5.2 Löschung Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen, wird Ihr Account deaktiviert und Ihre Daten werden in eine Warteschlange zur Löschung gestellt. Ist Ihr X Account deaktiviert, sind der Account, Ihr Anzeigename, Ihr Nutzername und Ihr öffentliches Profil auf X.com, in X für iOS und in X für Android nicht mehr sichtbar. Bis zu 30 Tage nach der Deaktivierung ist eine Wiederherstellung Ihres X Accounts möglich, falls er versehentlich oder fälschlich deaktiviert wurde.
5.3 Widerspruch, Einschränkung oder Rückzug Ihrer Einwilligung.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und andere Account-Funktionen verwalten. Wenn Sie Ihre Einstellungen ändern, kann es einige Zeit dauern, bis Ihre Auswahl in unseren Systemen vollständig umgesetzt ist. Abhängig davon, welche Einstellungen Sie angepasst haben, können Sie auch Änderungen bei Ihrer X Nutzung oder Einschränkungen beim Zugriff auf bestimmte Funktionen feststellen. Sie können auch zusätzliche Einstellungen verwalten, wenn Sie mit bestimmten Inhalten und Funktionen in verschiedenen Teilen der Plattform interagieren, z. B. ob ein
Space
aufgezeichnet wird oder ob
Videos, die Sie hochladen,
von anderen heruntergeladen werden können.
5.4 Anfragen von bevollmächtigten Vertreter*innen.
Wenn Sie eine Anfrage bezüglich des Zugriffs, der Berichtigung oder der Löschung Ihrer Daten oder der Daten einer anderen Person, deren bevollmächtigte*r Vertreter*in Sie sind, stellen möchten, können Sie sich auch mit der Methode an uns wenden, die im Abschnitt „Wie kann ich X kontaktieren?“ unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien unten beschrieben ist. Wir können von Ihnen verlangen, dass Sie zusätzliche Daten zur Überprüfung zur Verfügung stellen.
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
Wir stellen X Personen auf der ganzen Welt zur Verfügung und bieten allen unseren Nutzer*innen, unabhängig von ihrem Wohnort, viele der gleichen Datenschutz-Tools und Kontrollmöglichkeiten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass sich Ihre Nutzung etwas anders gestaltet als für Nutzer*innen in anderen Ländern. Das soll sicherstellen, dass X die lokalen Anforderungen respektiert.
6.1 Wir stützen uns bei der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen.
X hat die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf deren Grundlage es X erlaubt ist, Ihre Daten zu erheben, zu verwenden, weiterzugeben und anderweitig zu verarbeiten, sorgfältig geprüft. Wenn Sie mehr erfahren und die Feinheiten besser verstehen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich diese
zusätzlichen Informationen über die Datenverarbeitung
anzusehen. Und nein, wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht.
6.2 Wir verlagern Ihre Daten, damit X für Sie funktioniert.
So wie Sie sich mit X nahtlos an globalen Konversationen mit Personen in Ländern auf der ganzen Welt beteiligen, muss X Daten über Grenzen hinweg und in verschiedene Länder auf der ganzen Welt verlagern, damit der sichere und zuverlässige Dienst, auf den Sie sich verlassen, möglich wird. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel in Europa leben und eine Konversation mit jemandem in den USA führen, müssen Daten zwischen diesen Ländern ausgetauscht werden, damit die Konversation möglich wird. Das ist es, was Sie von uns erwarten.
Wir nutzen auch Rechenzentren und Cloud-Anbieter und beauftragen
unsere verbundenen Unternehmen
sowie Dritte und
Dienstleister
in vielen Teilen der Welt, damit sie uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste helfen. Bevor wir Daten zwischen Ländern übertragen, prüfen wir die Risiken, die für die Daten bestehen können, und verlassen uns, sofern zutreffend, auf
Standardvertragsklauseln
(SCCs), um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Datenschutzrechte geschützt sind. Um eine Kopie der SCCs anzufordern, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Wenn Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, verlangen wir von ihnen, dass sie den gleichen Schutz für Ihre Daten gewährleisten, wie wir selbst bieten.
X ist an Datenschutz-Rahmenvereinbarungen (Data Privacy Frameworks, DPF) zwischen der EU und den USA und zwischen der Schweiz und den USA und an der Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich
beteiligt
. X beachtet bei jeglicher Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich stammen, die DPF-Prinzipien in Bezug auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA bzw. der Schweiz und den USA bzw. in Bezug auf die Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich. Wenn Sie eine Anfrage oder Beschwerde bezüglich unserer Teilnahme am DPF haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Im Rahmen unserer Beteiligung an den DPF versuchen wir bei Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf unsere Einhaltung der DPF-Prinzipien, diese durch unser internes Beschwerdeverfahren zu lösen, alternativ durch die in den USA basierte unabhängige Schlichtungsstelle
JAMS
, und unter bestimmten Bedingungen durch das DPF-Schlichtungsverfahren anhand der Verfahren und gemäß den Bedingungen, die in
Anhang 1
zu den DPF-Prinzipien beschrieben sind. DPF-Teilnehmer unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der US-amerikanischen Federal Trade Commission und anderer autorisierter gesetzlicher Stellen. Unter bestimmten Umständen können die beteiligten Parteien für die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte außerhalb der EU, der Schweiz und des Vereinigten Königreichs haftbar sein. Weitere Informationen zum EU-US-DPF, zum Schweiz-US-DPF und zur britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF
finden Sie hier
.
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
Die aktuellste Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung regelt unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung gelegentlich nach Bedarf überarbeiten.
Wenn wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinien überarbeiten und Änderungen vornehmen, die wir als wesentlich erachten, werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, die überarbeiteten Datenschutzrichtlinien zu überprüfen, bevor Sie X weiter nutzen.
9. Allgemein
Die X Datenschutzrichtlinien sind auf Englisch verfasst, werden aber durch Übersetzungen in mehreren Sprachen verfügbar gemacht. X strebt an, dass die Übersetzungen die englische Originalversion so genau wie möglich wiedergeben. Im Falle von Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten hat jedoch die englischsprachige Version der X Datenschutzrichtlinien Vorrang. Sie erkennen an, dass Englisch die Referenzsprache für die Interpretation und Konstruktion der Bedingungen der X Datenschutzrichtlinien ist.
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Wir möchten von Ihnen hören, wenn Sie Gedanken oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben. Sie können uns über unsere Seite für
Anfragen zum Datenschutz
kontaktieren oder uns an die unten angegebene Adresse schreiben.
Informationen zu unserer Handhabung von Anfragen im Rahmen des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) finden Sie
hier
. Informationen zur Handhabung von „Consumer Health Data“ und zu zugehörigen Anfragen, wie sie im „My Health My Data Act“ des US-Bundesstaates Washington und in anderen, ähnlichen Gesetzen von US-Bundesstaaten definiert sind, finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in den USA oder einem anderen Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union, der EFTA-Staaten oder des Vereinigten Königreichs leben, ist der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten Verantwortliche X Corp. unter folgender Adresse:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union, den EFTA-Staaten oder dem Vereinigten Königreich leben, ist der Datenverantwortliche, der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich ist, Twitter International Unlimited Company mit der folgenden Adresse:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND
Wenn Sie in der Schweiz wohnen, können Sie unseren Vertreter auch unter der folgenden Adresse kontaktieren:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer
Datenverarbeitungspraktiken
äußern möchten, haben Sie das Recht, sich über die auf ihrer Website aufgelisteten
Kontaktdaten
an Ihre örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde oder an die federführende Aufsichtsbehörde der Twitter International Unlimited Company, die Irish Data Protection Commission, zu wenden.
Vorherige Erklärungen anzeigen
Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle über Ihre Privatsphäre
Einstellungen anpassen
Cookies… aber nicht zum Essen...
X und seine Partner möchten dir mit Cookies einen besseren, sichereren und
  schnelleren Service bieten und unser Geschäft unterstützen. Einige Cookies sind erforderlich,
  wenn du unsere Services nutzen möchtest, verbessern unsere Services und sorgen dafür, dass sie korrekt funktionieren.
Mehr über deine Wahlmöglichkeiten erfahren
.
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unwesentliche Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 9
https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung:
Datenschutz bei XING
Menü
Einführung
Deine Privatsphäre
Deine Sicherheit
Deine Ansprechpartner
Neues
Datenschutzerklärung
Datenschutzerklärung
Allgemeine Hinweise
Stand: 20. Dezember 2023
Hier informieren wir Dich über die Datenverarbeitung im Rahmen des gesamten Dienstes XING und seiner Anwendungen (XING, kununu, onlyfy usw.).
Verantwortlich für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten ist die New Work SE.
Unser Datenschutzbeauftragter ist Christian Schmidt.
Mehr erfahren
Wie werden Deine personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet?
1. Allgemeines zu den Zwecken der Datenverarbeitung.
Im Wesentlichen verarbeiten wir
personenbezogene Daten
, um unseren vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber unseren Nutzern nachzukommen. Die Verarbeitung der Daten ist die Voraussetzung dafür, dass wir Dir beispielsweise passende Kontakte, Angebote und Informationen vorschlagen können.
Mehr erfahren
2. Informationen, die Du uns mitteilst.
Dies sind Daten, die wir direkt von Dir erhalten und Informationen, die Du auf
XING Websites
veröffentlichst oder versendest, beispielsweise:
Zugangsdaten (z. B. Nutzername und Passwort)
Profildaten (z. B. Job-Titel, Firmenname, Branche, Ausbildung, Kontaktmöglichkeiten, Foto)
Nachrichten, Beiträge, Zahlungsdaten
Mehr erfahren
3. Automatisch auf Grund Deiner Nutzung von XING gesammelte Informationen
Während Du den Dienst
XING
nutzt oder besuchst, werden automatisch Daten von Dir mittels Tracking gesammelt. Hier erfährst Du,
wie das Tracking geschieht,
warum Tracking eingesetzt wird (Gewährleistung der Sicherheit, Bereitstellung unseres Dienstes, Erfolgsmessung und Optimierung von Werbung sowie Ermittlung statistischer Kennwerte).
Werden Dir innerhalb der XING App Bereiche unserer Website xing.com angezeigt, findet kein Tracking statt.
Mehr erfahren
4. Informationen, die wir über Dich aus anderen Quellen erhalten.
Mitunter verarbeiten wir Daten von Dir, die wir nicht direkt bei Dir erhoben haben. Dies kann z. B. der Fall sein, wenn ein Nutzer uns die Information zukommen lässt oder wir sie aus anderen Quellen erheben.
Mehr erfahren
5. Wer erhält Daten zu Deiner Person?
Hier erfährst Du, an wen wir Daten weitergeben, welchem Zweck dies dient und wie Du Deine Privatsphäre bei
XING
individuell einstellen kannst. Übrigens: Wir geben Deine
personenbezogenen Daten
nur an Dritte weiter, wenn …
dies zur Erfüllung unserer Geschäftszwecke erforderlich ist, z. B. wenn wir Dein Profil einem anderen Nutzer zugänglich machen,
Du Deine Einwilligung gegeben hast (z. B. zur Nutzung einer externen Anwendung),
wir gesetzlich, gerichtlich oder behördlich dazu verpflichtet sind.
Mehr erfahren
Welche Rechte kannst Du geltend machen?
Hier kannst Du Dich ausführlich über Deine Rechte informieren:
Dein Widerspruchsrecht
Dein Recht auf Auskunft
Dein Recht auf Löschung
weitere Rechte
Mehr erfahren
Begriffe, die in unserer Datenschutzerklärung vorkommen.
Mehr erfahren
Bei XING soll keine Deiner Fragen offen bleiben.
Wir haben diese Datenschutzerklärung so für Dich aufbereitet, dass Du die für Dich relevantesten Themen schnell und einfach findest. Du kannst aber auch gern die gewohnte
Langversion auf einer Seite lesen
.
Cookies:
Kleine Dateien, die es uns ermöglichen, auf Deinem Endgerät spezifische, auf Dich, den Nutzer, bezogene Informationen zu ermitteln. Die Speicherung von Cookies kannst Du über Deine Browser-Einstellungen verhindern.
Drittland:
Ein Land außerhalb der EU.
EU-DSGVO:
Die Verordnung (EU) 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 27. April 2016 zum Schutz natürlicher Personen bei der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, zum freien Datenverkehr und zur Aufhebung der Richtlinie 95/46/EG (Datenschutz-Grundverordnung).
Newsletter:
Newsletter bzw. Status-E-Mails sowie Werbung für eigene ähnliche Produkte und Dienstleistungen oder Befragungen zum Zweck eigener Marktforschung.
Personenbezogene Daten:
Gemäß Art. 4 Ziffer 1 EU-DSGVO alle Informationen, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche Person beziehen; als identifizierbar wird eine natürliche Person angesehen, die direkt oder indirekt, insbesondere mittels Zuordnung zu einer Kennung wie einem Namen, zu einer Kennnummer, zu Standortdaten, zu einer Online-Kennung oder zu einem oder mehreren besonderen Merkmalen identifiziert werden kann, die Ausdruck der physischen, physiologischen, genetischen, psychischen, wirtschaftlichen, kulturellen oder sozialen Identität dieser natürlichen Person sind.
Pixel:
Eine Bilddatei bzw. ein Link zu einer Bilddatei, das im Webseiten-Code eingefügt wird, sich jedoch nicht auf Deinem Endgerät (z. B. Computer, Smartphone etc.) befindet. Üblicherweise arbeiten Pixel in Verbindung mit Cookies.
Profil:
Die Seite der XING Websites, auf der die vom Nutzer eingegebenen personenbezogenen Daten im sozialen Netzwerk dargestellt werden.
Profiling:
Gemäß Art. 4 Ziffer 4 EU-DSGVO jede Art der automatisierten Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die darin besteht, dass diese personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden, um bestimmte persönliche Aspekte, die sich auf eine natürliche Person beziehen, zu bewerten, insbesondere um Aspekte bezüglich Arbeitsleistung, wirtschaftliche Lage, Gesundheit, persönliche Vorlieben, Interessen, Zuverlässigkeit, Verhalten, Aufenthaltsort oder Ortswechsel dieser natürlichen Person zu analysieren oder vorherzusagen.
Soziales Netzwerk:
Die zu den Anwendungen des Dienstes XING gehörenden Kontakt- und Kommunikationsforen.
XING:
Der Dienst XING und die zum Dienst XING gehörenden Anwendungen (XING, kununu, onlyfy usw.).
XING Websites:
Alle Websites, Subdomains, Aliases, mobile Applikationen, Hintergrund-Applikationen, Webservices und Einbindungen in Drittseiten, auf denen der Dienst XING zur Verfügung steht.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 11
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en:
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.