Privacy Policy
User Agreement
This agreement (the “Agreement”) sets forth the terms and conditions by which Bad Jump Games offer you access to use and enjoy:
Our game Top Jockey (the “Game”);
The underlying Game software (the “Software”);
Our website topjockey.com (the “Website”); and,
Any other of our apps, websites, games, or services that link to this Agreement, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.
While using these products and services we may require you to provide personal info. We retain and use such info according to the terms of our Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”).
Please read the terms of this Agreement carefully. By clicking the “Accept” button below, or by using any of Bad Jump Games services, you agree that this Agreement is enforceable like any written contract signed by you.
YOUR ACCOUNT
1.1 How can I create an account and play?
Playing the Game requires you to:
read and accept the terms of this Agreement;
give permission for your player stat data to be used on our global leaderboard;
download and install a valid copy of the Software;
Register for an account; and
meet the minimum system requirements.
These requirements may change as the Game evolves. You must pay for your own internet connection, equipment, servicing, and any repair costs necessary to access the Game.
ACCOUNT TERMINATION
2.1. How can my account be suspended or terminated?
We can suspend or terminate your account if we determine in our sole discretion that:
you have violated any part of this Agreement, including illegal transferring of coins, account mining, illegal use of multiple accounts, excessive use of inappropriate names or anything else we find to be breaking the rules and detrimental to gameplay.
we have stopped offering the Top Jockey in your region; or
doing so would be in the best interests of our community, Bad Jump Games, or the rights of a third party.
2.2. What happens if my account is suspended?
If your account is suspended, contact Bad Jump Games on Facebook or Twitter to inquire about regaining access to your account.
2.3. What happens if my account is terminated?
If your account is terminated, you’ll no longer have access to it, including any of the associated data or content. You’ll not be entitled to any refunds and we’ll have no liability to you. We also reserve the right to terminate any other accounts you may have created (also without any refunds or liability to you).
You understand and agree that violating these terms comes with the risk that your account may be terminated or suspended and that, whenever you use Top Jockey, you’ll bear this risk in mind and always conduct yourself appropriately.
LIMITED LICENSE
3.1. What can I do with the Top Jockey?
(You can enjoy Top Jockey for your own, personal, non-commercial use.)
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use and enjoy the Top Jockey for your individual, non-commercial, entertainment purposes only and expressly conditioned upon your compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Unless otherwise expressly authorized by us in a signed writing, you may not sell, copy, exchange, loan, reverse engineer, decompile, derive source code from, translate, lease, grant a security interest in, transfer, publish, assign or otherwise distribute any of the Top Jockey or any of Bad Jump Games intellectual property, including any computer code associated therewith.
VIRTUAL GOODS
4.1. What kind of “virtual goods” can I access in the Game?
When using the Game, you may unlock/purchase horseshoes. You can also win energy, trophies, and horseshoes by winning races.
4.1.1. Coins: Users can acquire “coins” within the app, which can then be exchanged for races and other customizations.
4.1.2. Rubies: Users can acquire “coins” within the app, which can then be exchanged for races and other customizations.
4.1.3. Trophies: Users have the opportunity to win trophies.
4.1.4. Silks: Users have the opportunity to earn silk outfits for their jockey characters.
4.2. Do I “own” the Virtual Goods I unlock?
(No. What you “unlock” is not the virtual good itself, but rather, a qualified right to access it in the Game.)
You have no ownership or other property interest in any of the Virtual Goods you earn or purchase, regardless of whether you acquired access to those Virtual Goods by purchasing or earning them. Virtual Goods have no monetary value. You can’t redeem them for cash. You can’t obtain any refunds for purchasing Virtual Goods, except as expressly permitted by us.
We have the right to delete, alter, move, remove, or transfer any and all Game Content—including Virtual Goods—in whole or in part, at any time and for any reason or no reason, with or without notice to you, and with no liability of any kind to you. We don’t provide or guarantee, and expressly disclaim, any value, cash or otherwise, attributed to any data residing on servers we operate or control, including any Game Content attributed to your account.
4.3. Can I submit ideas for improving the Game?
We value all feedback when it comes to improving our products and appreciate anyone who takes the time to give us suggestions!
If you submit Unsolicited Ideas, then you grant us a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, transferable, assignable, non-exclusive, and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, and import your Unsolicited Ideas, including all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, industrial rights, and all other intellectual and proprietary rights related thereto, in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, including giving the Unsolicited Ideas to others, without any compensation to you. To the extent necessary, you agree that you undertake to execute and deliver any and all documents and perform any and all actions necessary or desirable to ensure that the rights to use the Unsolicited Ideas granted to us as specified above are valid, effective, and enforceable. You also give up any claim that any use by us or our licensees of your Unsolicited Ideas violates any of your rights, including moral rights, privacy rights, rights to publicity, proprietary or other rights, and rights to credit for the material or ideas set for therein.