Last update: 13/02/2023
The company under the name FERRYHOPPER SA, having its registered office at 23 Kallirois
                                street, 11743, with contact info +302109241453, +302102208496, and info@ferryhopper.com,
                                acting as a data controller according to the definitions listed below (hereinafter
                                referred
                                to as “Ferryhopper”, “the Company”, “we”, “us”), ensures the secure processing of the
                                personal data, being fully complied with the legal framework for the protection of
                                personal
                                data and in particular the General Regulation of Data Protection (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”),
                                L.
                                4624/2019 and L. 3471/2006, as amended and apply.
Ferryhopper processes personal data as necessary to fulfill clear and lawful purposes, as
                                described below. This Notice aims at informing the users of our
website
(hereinafter referred to as the
                                “website” or the “online platform”) and our mobile application -
iOS
,
Android
- (hereinafter referred to as the “application” or “app”)
                                about the processing of their personal data.
A. Definitions
For the purposes of the present, the following terms have the following meaning according
                                to
                                the GDPR:
“Personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or
                                identifiable natural person (“data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who
                                can
                                be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such
                                as a
                                name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more
                                factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or
                                social identity of that natural person.
“Special categories of personal data”
means personal data disclosing
                                racial
                                or ethnic origin, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union
                                affiliation, as well as the processing of genetic data, biometric data, data relating to
                                health or data relating to the sexual life of a natural person or sexual orientation.
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed
                                on
                                personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as
                                collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration,
                                retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise
                                making
                                available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
                                “Anonymization”
                                means the processing of personal data in such a manner that the data can no longer be
                                attributed to a specific natural person.
“Pseudonymization”
means the processing of personal data in such a
                                manner
                                that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without
                                the
                                use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept
                                separately
                                and is subject to technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal data
                                are
                                not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency
                                or
                                other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the
                                processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are
                                determined
                                by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination
                                may
                                be provided for by Union or Member State law. For the purposes of the present, the
                                Company
                                acts as a Controller.
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or
                                other body which processes personal data on behalf of the Controller.
“Data subject”
means the natural person whose personal data are being
                                processed.
“Consent”
of the data subject means any freely given, specific, informed
                                and
                                unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement
                                or by
                                a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data
                                relating
                                to him or her.
“Personal data breach”
means a breach of security leading to the
                                accidental
                                or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to,
                                personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.
“Automated decision-making”
means a decision based solely on automated
                                processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning a data subject
                                or
                                similarly significantly affects the data subject.
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data
                                consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to
                                a
                                natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural
                                person’s
                                performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests,
                                reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
“Applicable Legislation”
means the applicable national and European
                                legislation on the protection of personal data and particularly the GDPR, L. 4624/2019,
                                L.
                                3471/2006, the case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Union, as well as
                                decisions,
                                guidelines, recommendations, opinions of the European Data Protection Board and the
                                Hellenic
                                Data Protection Authority (hereinafter “HDPA”).
Β. Processing of personal data through the website and the application
When you use our website and application (browsing, signing up/logging in, booking/
                                purchasing a ticket), we process the following personal data that are necessary for each
                                lawful purpose pursued, such as to book a ticket or contact us. More particularly:
B1. When you browse on our website or use our application
1.
Categories of personal data:
Technical data, such as IP address, location,
                                time
                                zone, browser type and version, operating system, device and manufacturer name, device
                                IMEI
                                code, application version, visit information, browser/ usage programme and details.
Purposes(s):
Operation of website and application, provision, test, improvement
                                and
                                update of the services and business via website and application, technical support of
                                the
                                users.
Legal basis:
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legal interests
                                pursued
                                by the Company (article 6 para 1f GDPR).
Retention time:
Time necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes of
                                processing,
                                which cannot exceed seven (7) years.
Recipients:
Web analytics providers, technical support providers.
2.
Categories of personal data:
Usage and advertisement data, such as visit
                                data,
                                visit duration, number of website views, navigation routes, information on time,
                                frequency
                                and pattern of services usage, reference source, sending of receiving of promotional
                                material, user’s preference, user behavioural analysis within the platform or the
                                application (such as recent history, usage frequency, frequency of purchasing similar
                                services, user’s “clicks”, time on screen, source page via which the user visited our
                                website or application).
Purposes(s):
1) Test, improvement and update of the services and business via
                                website and application, 2) technical support of the users, 3) general statistics about
                                the
                                traffic and use of the website and application, 4) personalized information. If the data
                                is
                                retained for statistical purposes, the minimum necessary data is retained in
                                pseudonymized
                                form.
Legal basis:
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legal interests
                                pursued
                                by the Company (article 6 para 1f GDPR).
Retention time:
Time necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes of
                                processing,
                                which cannot exceed seven (7) years.
Recipients:
Web analytics, usability analytics, statistics analytics and
                                technical
                                support providers and advertising services providers.
B2. When you want to sign up or log in to our services via the website or the
                                application
Categories of personal data:
Sign up and login information, such as name,
                                surname
                                and email address.
Purposes(s):
Processing of user’s request for registration/ login to the
                                services
                                provided via the website and application.
Legal basis:
Processing is necessary in order to take steps at the request of
                                the
                                data subject prior to entering into a contract (article 6 para 1b GDPR).
Retention time:
By the time of deletion of the account.
Recipients:
Web analytics and technical support providers.
B3. When you want to book and purchase a ticket
Categories of personal data:
Booking, identification, payment and contact
                                information, such as name, surname, booking number, password, in case you use our
                                application upon registration or similar identifier via which you use the application as
                                a
                                guest (the term “user” refers both the registered user and the guest), date of birth,
                                age,
                                sex, passport or ID number, place of birth, nationality, expiration date of passport or
                                ID,
                                any discount voucher number (such as unique code of a Greek island resident or loyalty
                                card
                                number), address and name of hotel of stay (optional), telephone number, email address,
                                invoice details, tax identification number, address, competent tax department. Only if
                                you
                                choose to save your bank card, we process pseudonymised information of your card with
                                the
                                only purpose being to provide better services during payment. Your bank card information
                                is
                                not stored by us but by the payment institution we partner with.
Purposes(s):
1) Processing of user’s request for ticket booking and purchase/
                                payment and for the communication about the booking, 2) We use some of the mentioned
                                data
                                (year of birth, age, sex, nationality) for statistical analysis for marketing purposes
                                -the
                                rest of the data is used pseudonymized for the same purpose, 3) We use your email and
                                telephone number to inform you via electronic messages (email or Viber) about our
                                services
                                similar to those you have already purchased, provided you do not object to the relevant
                                communication. You can object to such communication at any time by using the link at the
                                bottom of each message we send you.
Legal basis:
1) Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to
                                which
                                the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject
                                prior
                                to entering into a contract (article 6 para 1b GDPR), 2) Consent for the processing of
                                pseudonymized data of the bank card (article 6 para 1a GDPR), 3) Processing is necessary
                                for
                                the purposes of the legal interests pursued by the Company (article 6 para 1f GDPR).
Retention time:
By the time limitation period starts for the enforcement of any
                                claims of the parties, except if specific legal provisions require retention of the data
                                for
                                a longer period.
Recipients:
Business partners, such as ferry companies, technical or commercial
                                supply providers, hotels, car rental companies, courier companies, depending on the
                                service
                                you choose payment institutions we partner with. Web analytics, commercial
                                development-marketing services and technical support providers.
B4. When you sign up to receive our news
Categories of personal data:
Data we collect when you sign up to our newsletter,
                                such as email address.
Purposes(s):
Sending of information and marketing material for the provided
                                travel
                                services.
Legal basis:
Consent of the data subject (article 6 para 1a GDPR).
Retention time:
By the time of withdrawal of consent.
Recipients:
Web analytics, commercial development-marketing services and
                                technical
                                support providers.
B5. When you want to contact us
Categories of personal data:
Νame, surname, email address, subject, booking
                                number
                                (optional), message content.
Purposes(s):
Processing of user’s communication request.
Legal basis:
Processing is necessary in order to take steps at the request of
                                the
                                data subject prior to entering into a contract (article 6 para 1b GDPR).
Retention time:
If a ticket is booked, the data is retained as described above.
                                If
                                there is only communication, the data is retained for seven (7) years from the last
                                communication with you or from the time any legal claims were raised, except if specific
                                laws require its retention for a longer period.
Recipients:
Web analytics, commercial development-marketing services and
                                technical
                                support providers. In case of ticket booking, the additional business partners as
                                described
                                above.
B6. When you want to register or log in as an affiliate
Categories of personal data:
Registration and login information of affiliates,
                                such
                                us username, email address, registration/ access password.
Purposes(s):
Processing of affiliate’s request for registration/ access.
Legal basis:
Processing is necessary in order to take steps at the request of
                                the
                                data subject prior to entering into a contract or for the performance of the contract
                                (article 6 para 1b GDPR).
Retention time:
By the time of the deletion of the account, or by the time
                                limitation period starts for the enforcement of any claims of the parties.
Recipients:
Web analytics, commercial development-marketing services and
                                technical
                                support providers.
B7. When someone else is booking a ticket for you
If a ticket is booked by a third person, that third person must have proper authorization
                                to
                                share the data with the Company. Also, that person must take due care of the accuracy of
                                this data for which this person is responsible and accountable. The Company has no means
                                to
                                cross check the third person’s personal data and cannot be held accountable for any
                                inaccuracies.
B8. Processing of personal data of minors
Regarding browsing and use of our website and application, in principle we do not
                                directly or
                                indirectly process any personal data of minors. However, we may process personal data of
                                minor fellow travelers while processing a request for booking/ purchasing a ticket. In
                                such
                                cases, the user that provides the minor’s personal data must be the minor’s guardian or
                                act
                                upon proper authorization. Αs it is impossible for us to cross-check and verify the age
                                of
                                people browsing or using our website and application as well as if people do have proper
                                authorisaton to book a ticket for a minor, the users that provide the data of the minors
                                must have proper authorization and take due care of the accuracy of the data.
We recommend that parents and guardians of minors contact us immediately if they notice
                                any
                                unauthorized disclosure of personal data of the minors for whom they are responsible.
                                The
                                user that provides minor’s data is solely responsible for the accuracy of this data,
                                while
                                the Company cannot be held responsible for this.
B9. Do we pursue “automated decision-making” when processing your personal data?
We inform you that we do not pursue any automated decision-making, including profiling,
                                when
                                processing your personal data, which you provide to us by using our website and
                                application
                                and the services provided therein.
B10. Do we transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA)?
When your personal data is stored within the EEA, there is a high level of protection
                                according to the Applicable Legislation. In principle, we do not transfer your personal
                                data
                                to third countries or international organizations, except if this is strictly necessary
                                for
                                lawful and clearly defined purposes and if one of the following conditions is met:
a) The European Commission has issued an adequacy decision for the third country to which
                                the
                                transfer is pursued (article 45 GDPR),
b) The data importer has offered the appropriate guarantees for the data transfer
                                (article 46
                                GDPR),
c) For any specific situation outlined in article 49 of the GDPR, the conditions of one
                                of
                                the derogations are met.
B11. Your rights regarding your personal data
You have the following rights under the Applicable Legislation, the satisfaction of which
                                depends on the fulfillment of the specific legal requirements each time:
a) Right of access to your personal data we retain;
b) Right to rectification of inaccurate or incomplete personal data;
c) Right to withdraw your consent if the legal basis of processing is consent;
d) Right to erasure your personal data;
e) Right to restrict processing;
f) Right to portability;
g) Right to object to processing.
You may exercise any of these rights or submit any query regarding the processing of your
                                personal data by email to
dpo@ferryhopper.com
.
                                We
                                commit that we will respond immediately to your request or query, and in any case within
                                a
                                month upon its receipt. This deadline may be extended for another two (2) months at the
                                maximum. We will always inform you in writing of the progress of your request or
                                extension
                                of the deadline. If, for any reason, you find our response to your query or request
                                insufficient, you may contact the
HDPA
.
B12. What happens when you visit third party websites or widgets through Feryhopper?
Our website includes third party links (e.g. Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn,
                                Google
                                Play, App Store, Recruitee), the use of which creates a digital fingerprint. For this
                                digital fingerprint, we and the third party act as joint data controllers for the
                                processing
                                of your personal data, to the extent that each determines the purposes and means of
                                processing. The processing of personal data by the Company is based on the fulfillment
                                of
                                purposes of legitimate interests (article 6f GDPR) which include the improvement the
                                functionality of the website and the services provided therein as well as the analysis
                                of
                                the website traffic and the interoperability with affiliated applications. We do not
                                join,
                                control and are not responsible for any processing of personal data performed by the
                                third
                                parties from the time you start to use their websites, nor for its content and the data
                                protection policy they implement. This notice does not concern nor apply to the websites
                                of
                                any third party. For more information about their data protection notice we recommend
                                that
                                you read their privacy/ data protection notices which are available on their websites.
C. Updates of this notice
This notice provides all necessary information according to articles 13 and 14 of the
                                GDPR,
                                and may be updated if there is any change, or if this is required by the Applicable
                                Legislation. If necessary, we may inform you personally or by any other appropriate
                                means
                                for a specific amendment of this notice. In any case, we recommend that you always refer
                                to
                                the updated version of this notice for your information.