Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy information very seriously. Protecting the privacy and security of your Personal Data is of the highest importance to this app. This privacy policy explains how we treat your information and protect your privacy.
Thanks for choosing our Service. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand it. If you use our Service, we consider you to consent the terms and conditions described in this document.
Information We Process
We do not collect any of your Personal Information, such as your face data, user name, email addresses etc.
There are the information we will process:
1. Information may be automatically collected
Anonymous, non-personal information. Such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, your browser’s language etc. Non-personal information can be used, for example, in marketing, auditing, to provide or to improve our services and also to develop new services.
2. We do not collect your face data
We do not collect any Face Data through the app. To fully experience features of this app, some functions may need recognize face in image, such as spirit animal, celebrity twin etc. However, we
NEVER
collect Face Data during this process. All photos are real-time processed and will be deleted immediately after the process ends. Your photos are safe on your mobile device, and will not be uploaded to any of our servers. Therefore, you can always experience this app without worrying about your privacy.
Please note again, we never collect or restore these information and will never share your data with any third parties.
Camera and Photos Permission
For full access of our functions and adequate performance of the app, we need your authorization to access your Camera and Photos, then you can experience the full features to gain a lot of fun. Only if you confirm these permissions, will we gain access to your camera and album. We will then process the photo and feedback the effect to you (like spirit animal, celebrity twin). Such photo and effect will not contain any personal identifiable information. For such data, we will neither store nor share them with any third parties.
Third-party Disclosure
The security of your Personal Information is always important to us. Therefore, we do not store your Personal Information on our servers; we do not share your user information with any third parties; we do not sell or trade your Personal Data to any third parties.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal information, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this privacy policy
This Privacy policy may change from time to time. Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Please check and pay close attention to this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about the Service or this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it