Privacy Notice
Wave's mission is to make Africa the first cashless continent by
using technology to build a radically inclusive and affordable
financial network. When you use Wave, you trust us with your personal
data. We’re committed to keeping that trust by helping you understand
our privacy practices. This Privacy Notice describes the personal data
we collect when you use our applications, QR cards, features, or other
services (“our services”), how it’s used and shared, and your legal
rights regarding your personal data.
Who this Privacy Notice applies to
This Privacy Notice applies to all users of our services including:
Customers who use Wave to send or receive money;
Agents who provide services to customers; and
Merchants and other clients who accept payment using Wave.
Wave may also collect personal data about staff of agents and
merchants, and prospective users of Wave’s services.
All individuals subject to this Privacy Notice are referred to as
“users” in this Privacy Notice.
Types of personal data we collect and how we collect it
Wave collects the following types of personal data from users of our
services:
Data provided by users
Account information
: We collect data when users create or update
their Wave accounts. This may include their name, email, phone
number, login name and password, address, and payment or banking
information.
Identity information
: We collect data submitted by users to
verify user identity in compliance with our legal obligations.
This may include government identification documents such as
passports and commercial registrations (which may indicate
document numbers as well as birth date, gender, photograph and
home address) and photo images of the user. For businesses, this may also include
identification information for staff and legal representatives.
This information may be collected by an authorized partner on
Wave’s behalf.
User communications
: We collect the data submitted by users when
they contact service support, including for the purpose of
fulfilling user requests and addressing user complaints, and
reporting on the same to regulatory authorities where this is
required. Information collected may include feedback or other
information submitted by users in connection with service support.
We may also record telephone calls to our service support teams.
Contact list information
: We may store user contact information within the application to facilitate payments to contacts and capture payment names in transaction records.
Data created during use of our services
Transaction information
: We collect transaction information
related to the use of our services, including the type of services
requested or provided, order details, the names of the parties to
the transaction and payment information, including location, date,
time and value.
Usage data
: We collect data about how users interact with our
services. This includes data such as access dates and times,
application features used, pages viewed, crashes and other system
activity.
Device data
: We collect data about the devices used to access
our services, including the hardware models, device IP address or
other unique device identifiers, operating systems and versions,
software, preferred languages, advertising identifiers, device
motion data, and mobile network data.
Location data:
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may
collect users' precise or approximate location data to prevent and
detect fraud, and to satisfy legal requirements.
Data received from other parties
Other users of Wave services
: Wave customers, merchants or
agents may provide us with information relating to other users in
the course of using our services, or in connection with queries,
claims or disputes.
Wave agents
: Wave agents through which customers create or
access their Wave account provide us with information about
customers, including information required to create customer
accounts and identify customers.
Wave partners and vendors
: We may receive user personal data
from partner banks and providers of services available on our
application (e.g. utility service providers) as necessary to
deliver the relevant services (e.g. payment of bills).
Referencing agencies
: We may work with background checks
companies and credit referencing agencies who help us to verify
users' identity and background information, and to screen users,
including in connection with sanctions, anti-money laundering and
know-your-customer requirements.
Publicly available sources
: We may collect information from
marketing service providers or data resellers for research or
marketing purposes.
Governmental and law enforcement authorities
: We may receive
information from governmental and law enforcement authorities in
order to detect, prevent and investigate fraud or other suspicious
activity, and to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of
nformation on devices and websites loaded on browsers. We do not use
cookies or similar tracking technologies on our website. We do use
similar tracking technologies on our mobile applications, to collect
usage and device data, as described in section 3 above (see “Data
created during use of our services”).
How we use personal data
Wave uses personal data in order to provide and continually improve
our services, and for sales and marketing purposes.
Specifically, we use personal data for the following purposes:
To provide our services
: We use data to provide, personalize and
maintain our services. This includes using data to: create/update
accounts; process payments and receipts of e-money; facilitate
invoicing; troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems;
and perform other operations necessary to maintaining our
services.
Research and development
: We may use personal data for Wave’s
internal testing, research, analysis, product development, and
machine learning to improve the user experience.
User support
: We use the personal data that we collect from
users (which may include call recordings) to provide service
support, including to investigate and address user concerns and to
monitor and improve our support responses and processes.
Marketing communications
: We may use personal data to market our
services and our partner services to users. This includes sending
users communications about services, features, promotions,
studies, surveys, news, updates, and events. We may do so through
various methods, including email, text messages, push
notifications, in-app communications and ads, as well as ads on
third party platforms. Wave does not sell user personal data to
third parties for their direct marketing, except with users'
consent.
Transactional communications
: We may use personal data to
generate and provide users with receipts; inform them of changes
to our terms, services, or policies; or send other communications
that are necessary for the effective delivery of services.
Fraud prevention and compliance with law
: We use personal data
to prevent, detect and investigate fraud; and comply with
applicable laws, regulations, and operating licenses. This
includes:
performing background checks;
performing facial verification of photographs; and
monitoring and analysing device and usage data, including,
location data.
Claims, disputes and legal proceedings
: We may use personal data
to investigate or address claims or disputes relating to use of
our services, including in the context of legal proceedings.
Who we share personal data with
Wave’s services, operations, business transactions and legal
obligations, may require that we share personal data with other users
or third parties.
Wave may share personal data with the following third parties:
Other users
: We share personal data, including customer
telephone number and names (redacted where possible), with other
users when sending or receiving e-money or issuing statements
containing information such as transaction history.
Wave subsidiaries and affiliates
: We share personal data with
our subsidiaries and affiliates to help us provide our services or
conduct data processing on our behalf.
Marketing service providers
: We share personal data (including
usage data and device data) with marketing agencies, research
partners, social media and marketing platform providers,
advertising networks and third-party data providers to reach or
better understand our users, target advertising and measure
advertising effectiveness.
Other vendors and business partners
: We share personal data
(including usage and device data) with vendors, consultants, and
other service providers or business partners who we engage to
perform certain functions on our behalf. These may include:
payment processors and facilitators; background check and identity
verification providers; cloud storage providers; software and
digital security providers; insurance and financing partners; and
professional service providers including consultants, lawyers,
accountants.
The general public
: Questions or comments from users submitted
through public forums such as Wave blogs and Wave social media
pages may be viewable by the public, including any personal data
included in the questions or comments submitted by a user.
Law enforcement and other government authorities
: We may share
personal data with law enforcement or other government authorities
if we are issued with the appropriate lawful mandate and if the
form and scope of the demand is compliant with the law.
The judiciary
: We may share personal data with lawyers, the
judiciary and other third parties for the purpose of enforcing
Wave terms and conditions, agreements, codes, policies and
guidelines; or to protect Wave’s rights or property or the rights,
or property of others; or in the event of a claim or dispute
relating to the use of our services.
Business transfers and transactions
: As we continue to develop
our business, we might restructure, refinance, merge or sell (all
or parts of) our business or services. In connection with, or
during negotiations of, such transfers and transactions, user
personal data may be transferred, together with other business
assets.
Wave may share a user’s personal data other than as described in this
Privacy Notice if we notify the user and they consent to the sharing.
In the event of transfers of personal data to third parties, we shall
require them to agree to measures necessary to protect the data, and
continue to respect users legal rights pursuant to the terms of this
Privacy Notice and applicable laws in the user location.
International data transfers
Wave operates, and processes personal data, in several countries. We
may transfer personal data internationally, where this is permissible
pursuant to applicable laws in the user’s location.
In the event of international transfers of personal data, we shall put
in place measures necessary to protect the data, and we shall continue
to respect the user’s rights pursuant to the terms of this Privacy
Notice and applicable laws in the user’s location.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent personal
data from being accidentally lost, disclosed or used in an
unauthorised way.
In addition, we limit access to personal data to those employees,
contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.
They will only process personal data on our instructions and they are
subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal
data breach and will notify users and any applicable regulator of a
breach where we are legally required to do so.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection
laws in relation to your personal data, including the right to access,
correct or erase your personal data, object to or restrict processing
of your personal data, and unsubscribe from our emails and
newsletters.
Users may exercise these rights at any time by writing to us at
Data-Requests@Wave.com
Following an account deletion request, Wave deletes the user’s account
and data, unless they must be retained due to legal or regulatory
requirements, for purposes of fraud prevention, or because of an issue
relating to the user’s account such as an outstanding credit or an
unresolved claim or dispute.
Wave retains user data for as long as necessary for the purposes
described above. This means that we retain different categories of
data for different periods of time depending on the type of data, the
category of user to whom the data relates, and the purposes for which
we collected the data.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may occasionally update this Privacy Notice. If we make significant
changes, we will notify users in advance of the changes through the
Wave apps or through other means, such as email. We encourage users to
periodically review this Privacy Notice for the latest information on
our privacy practices. Use of our services after an update constitutes
consent to the updated Privacy Notice to the extent permitted by law.
1 December 2022