Nidec Drives
Updated on: 21st May 2024
1.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
We at Nidec Control Techniques Ltd (“Control Techniques”, “we”, “us” or “our”) know and care about how your personal data is used and shared, as we take your privacy seriously.
This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data and what your choices are with respect to that data.
CONTROLLER
Control Techniques is the controller of the personal data we process, unless otherwise stated.
If you have any questions or want more details about how we use your personal data or if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
.
CONTACT DETAILS
Nidec Control Techniques Ltd is registered in the United Kingdom and has its registered office at The Gro, Newtown, Powys, SY16 3BE.
E-mail address:
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
Telephone number: +44 01686612000
Changes to the Privacy Notice and your duty to inform us of changes
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please check the date at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Notice was last revised. Unless otherwise noted, any changes we make to this Privacy Notice will become effective immediately once posted on this page.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
2.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means anything about an individual by which that individual can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
Depending on the interactions or relationship you have with us,  we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name and job title.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, e-mail address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests and preferences.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website.
Marketing Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that is can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
3.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
We use different methods to collect personal data from you and about you including through:
Direct Interaction.
You may give us personal data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes personal data that you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
create an account on our website;
communicate with us to offer products or services;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interaction.
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
Please see our cookie policy
for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
(a)
analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
(b)
advertising networks such as Google AdWords based outside the EU; and
(c)
search information providers.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources.
4.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you or are about to enter into.
To provide customer services or feedback, including but not limited to respond to your questions about products, services and warranties and to communicate with you about surveys.
Where you register as a new user to our website.
Where we communicate with you regarding any products or services supplied by you or the company you represent.
When you consent to it.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your personal data. But even then, it must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you. If we rely on our legitimate interest, we will tell you what it is.
Here is a list of all the ways that we may use your personal data, and which of the reasons we rely on to do so.
This is also where we tell you what our legitimate interests are.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you or the company you represent as a new customer or supplier
Identity Data
Contact Data
Performance of a contract with you or the company you represent
To process and deliver orders including:
Managing payments, fees and charges
Identity Data
Contact Data
Marketing and Communications Data
Performance of a contract with you or the company you represent
Consent
To manage our relationship with you or the company you represent, which will include, but is not limited to:
Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
Enhancing customer experience in our website
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Communicating with you about products or services supplied by you or the company you represent
To receive and respond to your questions about our products, services or warrantie
To manage warranties
Asking you to give us your feedback regarding products purchased or services performed
Identity Data
Contact Data
Profile Data
Marketing and Communications Data
Performance of a contract with you or the company you represent
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical Data
Usage Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about products or services that may be of interest to you
Identity Data
Contact Data
Profile Data
Usage Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical and Profile Data to form a view of what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products or services may be relevant to you (“marketing”).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, downloaded software or documentation from our website or purchased products and/or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
.
Where you opt out of receiving these messages, this will not apply to your personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert when the website sets or accesses cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
For more information about cookies we use, please see this page.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH AND WHERE IT GOES
We may store or transfer your personal data to our affiliated companies around the world. We do this in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We may also share your personal data with third parties and service providers.
We require all third parties and service providers to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow third parties and service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. Where we transfer your personal data to a third party or service provider based outside the European Economic Area, we take steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected.
6.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
7.
DATA RETENTION
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
8.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Letting us know if your personal data is incorrect
You have the right to question any personal data we have about you that you believe is incorrect or incomplete.  Please contact us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
if you wish to do so.
If you do, we will take reasonable steps to check its accuracy and correct it.
If you want us to stop using your personal data
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, or to ask us to delete, remove or stop using your personal data if there is no need for us to keep it. This is known as the ‘right to object’ and ‘right to erasure’, or the ‘right to be forgotten’.
There may be legitimate interests or legal reasons why we need to keep or use your personal data.
If you want us to restrict the use of your personal data
We may sometimes be able to restrict the use of your data. This means that such personal data can only be used in certain circumstances, such as legal claims or to exercise legal rights. In this case, we would not use or share your personal data in any other ways while it is restricted.
You can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data if:
it is not accurate;
it has been used unlawfully but you don’t want us to delete it;
it is not relevant anymore, but you still want us to keep it;
you have already asked us to stop using your personal data but you are waiting for us to tell you if we are allowed to keep using it.
If you want to restrict how we use your personal data, please contact us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
.
How to withdraw your consent
You can withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
if you wish to do so.
How to complain
Please contact us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
if you are unhappy with the way we use your personal data.
How to request personal access and for it to be shared
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not we process personal data relating to you. If you wish to obtain such confirmation, please contact us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
.
You also have the right to obtain from us, on request, a copy of all your personal data in a format that can be easily re-used. You can also ask us to transfer your personal data in this format to other organisations. If you wish to do so, please contact us at
privacypolicy@mail.nidec.com
.