Me Token
Supported Merchants
Blog
Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy Notice for EU Residents
Privacy Policy
Effective date: November 27, 2024
At RewardMe, we take your privacy seriously.
Please read this Privacy Policy to learn how we treat your personal data.
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use and share your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Remember that your use of RewardMe’s Services is at all times subject to our
Terms of Use
, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.
You may print a copy of this Privacy Policy by clicking
here
. If you have a disability, you may access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format by contacting
support@reward.me
.
If you are a resident of the European Union ("EU"), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") with respect to your Personal Data. Please refer to our
GDPR Privacy Notice for European Union Data Subject
for more details. Please note that not all the features and functionalities of the Services are available to EU users due to legal, technical, business, or other reasons.
1. What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you access or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t manage.
2. Personal Data
2.1 Categories of Personal Data We Collect
This chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected over the past 12 months:
Category of Personal Data
Examples of Personal Data We Collect
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share this Personal Data
Account or Contact Data
Phone number
Email
Unique identifiers such as passwords
Service Providers
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Payment Data
Payment card type
Business Partners
Commercial Data
Purchase/transaction history
Service Providers
Business Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Device/IP Data
IP address
Device ID
Domain server
Service Providers
Analytics Providers
Business Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Consumer Demographic Data
Age / date of birth
Gender
Service Providers
Business Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Geolocation Data
IP-address-based location information
Service Providers
Analytics Providers
Business Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
“Linked Email Data” defined in
Section 2.2
below
Identifying information in emails or letters you send us
Service Providers
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
2.2 Categories of Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you from the following categories of sources:
You
When you provide such information directly to us.
When you create an account or use our interactive tools and Services. For example, when you register a RewardMe Account as described in our
Terms of Use
, we’ll ask you to provide a phone number to be associated with your RewardMe Account.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services or through responses to surveys or questionnaires.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
When you use the Services and such information is collected automatically.
Through Cookies (defined in the
“Cookies” section
below).
If you download our mobile application or use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location and mobile device, as applicable.
Third Parties You Authorize
As described in our
Terms of Use
, in order to earn Rewards Point (defined in our Terms of Use) and/or redeem certain offers and promotions available through our Program (defined in our Terms of Use), you’ll be required to link either one of your email addresses or one of your credit cards with your RewardMe Account.
Your email account service provider when you opt to link the Services to your email
After you link your email account to the Services, you agree that we, through our service provider MailTime, Inc. (
“MailTime”
), may access, receive, and/or collect the following data, if the third party service provider of your email account (such as Google Gmail, Yahoo email, iCloud email) and your account settings allow such sharing.  When linking your email account to the Services, you’ll be prompted to grant permission for MailTime to collect the following data on our behalf (collectively,
“Linked Email Data”
):
commercial and transactional email messages that are sent or forwarded from businesses or merchants to your email accounts about your purchases and other transactions, such as purchase receipts, reservations, bills, subscriptions, order confirmations, sign-ups or cancellations (collectively,
“Commercial Messages”
);
email meta data from Commercial Messages, including sender’s name, recipient’s name, subject line, email time chop, email contents and email attachments;
IP Address;
About Gmail Users: The way third party service providers can use the information receive from your connected email accounts is also subject to the policies imposed by your email service providers and your account settings with them. As you may know, Google recently implemented an updated Google API Services: User Data Policy (
https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy
, the “Google API Policy”), which restricts the use of data obtained from certain restricted Gmail APIs, as well as data aggregated, anonymized, or derived from them. In order to comply with the Google Policy, service provider MailTime decides not to include any data that is obtained from those restricted Gmail APIs in its big data products. In order to comply with the Google Policy, we will only use the data that we obtained from the restricted Gmail APIs for the specific “Limited Uses” as permitted by the Google Policy.
Your Credit Card Provider (or its Partner) when you opt to link the Services to your credit card
After you link your credit card to the Services, you agree that we, through our service providers (such as
Plaid Inc.
in the U.S.,
Planto Limited
, from Hong Kong,
CrediGo Inc
, from Brazil, collectively (
“Credit Card SPs”
), may access, receive, and/or collect the following data, if your Credit Card SP and your account settings allow such sharing.  When linking your credit card to the Services, you’ll be prompted to grant permission for the applicable Credit Card SP to share the following data with us:
Payment Data, such as the payment card type and the last 4 digits of payment card.
Commercial Data (as noted in the table above), such as your purchase history and transaction history associated with your credit card account, including product/services descriptions and quantities, time of purchase, total purchase cost, and the merchant you purchased from.
Note that except for the Payment Data and Commercial Data described above, your Credit Card SPs may also share additional data that has already been de-identified with us, and we commit that we’ll not re-identify or attempt to re-identify such data, but we’re not responsible for any action or omission of any third parties (including your Credit Card SPs).  Please review the privacy policies of your Credit Card SPs:
Plaid End User Privacy Policy:
https://plaid.com/legal/#consumers
Planto Privacy Policy:
https://www.planto.hk/en/privacy-policy/
CrediGo Privacy Policy:
https://h5.mycredigo.com/privacy-policy
Our Service Providers
We may use analytics providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
3. Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
We may serve advertisements on our Services, and use Personal Data in marketing or selling our Services, including tracking of an individual or a device for advertising, marketing, or retargeting purposes.
We use your Personal Data for the following commercial or business purposes:
3.1 Providing, Customizing and Improving the Services
Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Providing you with the products, services or information you request.
Conducting and administering the Program (described in our
Terms of Use
and our
Rewards Point Program Policy here
).
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Services.
Improving the Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Services, website content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
3.2 Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about RewardMe or the Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences or that display content that we think will interest you.
3.3 Creating De-identified or Aggregated Data
We may collect, use, and share Personal Data in an aggregated or de-identified or anonymized manner (that does not identify you personally) for any purpose permitted under applicable law. This includes creating or using, and disclosing to third party partners, aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized data based on the collected information.  We commit that we will not re-identify or attempt to re-identify your Personal Data from such aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized data.
3.4 Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms
Fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, RewardMe or another party.
Enforcing any agreements with you.
Responding to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights.
Resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
4. How We Share Your Personal Data
4.1. Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share
We disclose your Personal Data to the categories of service providers and other parties listed in this section. Depending on state laws that may be applicable to you, some of these disclosures may constitute a “sale” of your Personal Data. For more information, please refer to the state-specific sections below.
Service Providers.
These parties help us provide the Services or perform business functions on our behalf. They include:
Hosting, technology and communication providers.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Support and customer service vendors.
Product fulfillment and delivery providers.
Business Partners.
These parties partner with us in offering various services. They include:
Businesses that you have a relationship with and authorize the linking of our Services with such third party businesses.
Companies that we partner with to enable the offering and administering of the RewardMe Rewards Points Program as described in our
Terms of Use
, such as Measurable AI described in
Section 4.4
below.
Analytics Partners.
These parties provide analytics on web traffic or usage of the Services. Please refer to
Section 5 (Cookies)
below for more information.
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Third parties you authorize or authenticate through the services, such as your email service provider, or the issuer of your credit card.
Third party merchants you access through the services
4.2. Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms” in the
“Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data” section
above.
4.3. Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part). Should one of these events occur, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your information becomes subject to different privacy and security policies and practices.
4.4. Data that is Not Personal Data
As described in
Section 3.3 (Creating De-identified or Aggregated Data)
above, we may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data (e.g. Commercial Data and Consumer Demographic Data) we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our and their lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, to research and develop new products and services, generate analytics or reports, facilitate researches or studies, and gain consumer insights or other business intelligence, to optimize marketing efficiency, or for other legitimate business purposes.
4.4.1. Sharing with Measurable AI:
Specifically, we share aggregated or de-identified data based on your Personal Data with
Measurable AI
, an enterprise-facing database and platform that provides alternative data (that doesn’t include any Personal Data) to enable its subscribers to use, review, analyze such data to gain consumer insights, industry developments, market trends, marketing optimization, and other business intelligence. For example, we (through MailTime) scan and identify purchase receipts from Commercial Messages collected from your email account linked to the Services, aggregate such de-identified information with other de-identified information from our other users of the Services to create de-identified and/or aggregated data, which will become part of the database or data feeds we provide to Measurable AI.
We adopt the following measures designed to ensure that the shared data would not identify you as an individual person:
We will not disclose any de-identified or aggregated data in a manner that would identify you as an individual person.
All your Personal Data will be removed or obfuscated prior to any such sharing. If we do combine de-identified information with your Personal Data, the combined information will be treated as Personal Data for as long as it remains combined.
We take measures designed to restrict such third party partner to whom we share the de-identified or aggregated Data from re-identifying or attempting to re-identify you as an individual person.
Opt-out
: To the extent such sharing is deemed as “sale” under the CCPA, you have the right to opt-out from such sharing as further described in
Section 8.4
below.
5. Cookies
The Services use cookies (“Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access our Services. Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies. Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Cookies. Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Services such as by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Services, what pages visitors view on our Services and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Services. For example, Google Inc. (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at
www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your device. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some of the Services and functionalities may not work.
To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
6. Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and other data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing data is completely secure.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
7. Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 16  years of age; if you are a child under the age of 13, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 16 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at
support@reward.me
.
8. California Resident Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the rights set forth in this section. Please see the
“Exercising Your Rights” section
below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. Please note that we may process Personal Data of our customers’ end users or employees in connection with our provision of certain services to our customers. If we are processing your Personal Data as a service provider, you should contact the entity that collected your Personal Data in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data.
If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at
support@reward.me
.
8.1. Access
You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. In response, we will provide you with the following information:
The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
If we have disclosed your Personal Data to any third parties for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient. If we have sold your Personal Data over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data sold to each category of third party recipient.
8.2. Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.
8.3. Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you or your Authorized Agent (defined below) must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:
Email us at:
support@reward.me
Submit a form at this address:
https://reward.me/do-not-sell
You may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request on your behalf.
8.4. Personal Data Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In
The California Consumer Protection Act gives California residents the right to stop the “sale” of their personal information through a mechanism called “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button or hyperlink. In this section, we use the term ‘sell’ as it is defined in the CCPA.
While there are many positive impacts of this requirement, California’s definition of “sale” also captures the transfer of data between corporate affiliates (that is, companies that share common ownership) and other transfers that ordinarily may not be thought of as a “sale” in the traditional sense of the word. As described above, we create aggregated or de-identified information based on your Personal Data and then share such aggregated or de-identified data with our partners (including Measurable AI as described in
Section 4.4
above), for which we receive monetary or other valuable consideration, which in turn enables us to provide you with Rewards Point rewards, offers, and other benefits that are a core mission of our Services. We’re committed to implement technical safeguards and business process designed to ensure that de-identified information based on your Personal Data cannot reasonably identify, relate to, describe, or be linked to you, and to prohibit re-identification of you based on such de-identified data.  However, due to the many ambiguities and uncertainties regarding California’s definition of “sale” and de-identification requirements, we’re not sure whether such sharing of aggregated or de-identified data with our partners may still be deemed as “sale” under the CCPA.
To the extent such sharing is deemed as “sale” under the CCPA, you have the right to opt-out from these sales as further described below.
We sell your Personal Data to the following categories of third parties:
Our business partners, such as Measurable AI described above.
Over the past 12 months, we have sold the following categories of your Personal Data (after being de-identified in accordance with our standard process) to categories of third parties listed above:
Commercial Data
Consumer Demographic Data
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Data. You can opt-out using the following methods:
You can complete the online form found here:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Email us at
support@reward.me
Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
To our knowledge, we do not sell the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age.
8.5. We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer different tiers of our Services as allowed by applicable data privacy laws (including the CCPA) with varying prices, rates or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.  Please note that to the extent you opt-out we may be unable to offer you some of our Services which require such sharing. If you have further questions, you can contact us at
support@reward.me
.
8.6. California Resident Rights Regarding Direct Marketing
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at
support@reward.me
.
9. Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
support@reward.me
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Data as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
10. International Users
The Service is hosted in the U.S and is intended for users located within certain countries, such as Canada, Brazil, Indonesia, Israel, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Singapore, Vietnam, Taiwan, Thailand, South Korea, Japan, the United States.
If you are a resident of the EU, United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to your Personal Data. Please refer to our
GDPR Privacy Notice for EU Data Subjects
for more details. Please note that not all the features and functionalities of the Services are available to EU users due to legal, technical, business, or other reasons.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, but we will alert you to any such changes by placing a notice on the RewardMe website, by sending you an email and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
12. Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
https://reward.me
support@reward.me
66 Shanghai St, Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon, Hong Kong