Privacy Policy
Jan. 16th 2021
About Us
Hello, welcome to THIX. THIX (“THIX”, “we”, “us” and “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We take privacy seriously at THIX and this policy is designed to share what information we collect and how we use it. We may change or update the Privacy Policy at any time as we add new or updated features, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. Thus, you should review the Privacy Policy frequently on our website. If you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy, you should not use the sites and services. If you have any questions please contact us at
support@thixlab.com.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
WE DO NOT COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE APPLICATIONS THEMSELVES. WE NEVER ASK FOR PERSONAL OR PRIVATE INFORMATION LIKE EMAIL ADDRESSES, OR CREDIT CARD NUMBERS. WE DO NOT USE COOKIES FOR TRACKING PURPOSES.
Lab Safety Disclaimer
CHEMIST/BEAKER are the apps that help you to explore the magic of chemistry experiments. However, by the very nature of laboratory work, chemical experiments can lead to messy, highly toxic, explosive, corrosive, carcinogenic, and all together dangerous results in the real world. You are expected to learn and adhere to the safety guidelines in your lab to ensure a safe laboratory environment for both yourself and the people you may be working near. CHEMIST/BEAKER are only intended for illustration; no warranty, guarantee, or representation is made by CHEMIST or BEAKER or THIX as to the accuracy and sufficiency of any information contained herein, and CHEMIST or BEAKER or THIX assumes no responsibility in connection therewith.
Internet Connection Free
All of our apps - CHEMIST, BEAKER, SPACE, micro, LIFE, NEURO can run and function completely offline without the access to the Internet.
AirMix™ Geolocation
AirMix™ allows pouring chemicals from one BEAKER to another. When geolocation service is enabled, AirMix™ uses the geolocation to detect and connect nearby BEAKERs. The geolocation data is used anonymously for app analytics only. It will NOT be distributed to any third parties.
SpaceNet™ Geolocation
SpaceNet™ allows users in SPACE app to share their space among others. When geolocation service is enabled, SpaceNet™ uses the geolocation to locate users' space in the virtual universe in the SPACE app . The geolocation data is used anonymously for app analytics only. It will NOT be distributed to any third parties.
NEURO Sensors and Data
NEURO may request access to device sensors such as microphone, camera, NFC reader, and on-device data such as Heart Rate, Steps, Geolocation, and HomeKit Accessory. These requests are solely purposed for the user to create their programs in the app, which are requested only when being used. The user determines whether to access these data in the app by adding specific modules like Visual Sensor, or selecting Geolocation in the Knowledge Hub package and etc. NONE of these data are saved in background or transferred to outside parties.
A Note About Children
Our apps are designed for use by everyone, including children and parents. However, this website is designed for parents. We share your concern for the privacy of children and do not knowingly collect any personal information about children through the Applications. We may use third party analytics services that collect anonymous non personal information about app usage to improve our services.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
Read More
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we will not do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
Do Not Track
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
No Third Party Behavioral Tracking
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in site notification within 1 business day.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
Website Cookies
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
support@thixlab.com