Dynamite Lifestyle Privacy Policy
Our contact details
Dynamite Lifestyle Ltd
51 Hill Street
Belfast
Northern Ireland
BT1 2LB
support@dynamitelifestyle.com
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Website, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Website or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Website, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You. We may collect names; phone numbers; email addresses; mailing addresses; job titles; contact preferences; data collected from surveys; usernames; passwords; contact or authentication data; information you provide when using our products (e.g., business name, business email, business address, business fax, company website, etc.); the number of unique views and the total number of visitors when you deploy your cookie banner using our consent management solution; information in blog comments; financial information (e.g., last four digits of your debit or credit card number, billing history, billing address, card type, issuing bank, expiration date, card origin by country); profile photo; and other similar information.
Payment Data. We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Stripe. You may find their privacy notice link
here
.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short:  Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Website.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Website. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Website and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Website and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more about this in our Cookie Policy.
The information we collect automatically includes:
Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Website and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity on the Website (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called ‘crash dumps’) and hardware settings).
Device Data. We may collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or other devices you use to access the Website. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration information.
Location Data. We may collect location data, such as information about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Website. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device. Note, however, if you choose to opt-out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
Information collected from other sources
In Short:  We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources.
In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers and services to you and update our records, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate programs, data providers, social media platforms, as well as from other third parties. This information includes mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behaviour data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising and event promotion. If you interact with us on a social media platform using your social media account (e.g. Facebook or Twitter), we receive personal information about you, such as your name, email address, and gender. Any personal information that we collect from your social media account depends on your social media account’s privacy settings.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfilment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Website for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.
To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To request feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact
you about your use of our Services.
To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our Website that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, please contact us at support@dynamitelifestyle.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
To protect our Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
To fulfil and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfil and manage your orders, payments, upgrades, or refunds made through the Website or otherwise through our Services.
To deliver and facilitate the delivery of services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
To administer prize draws and competitions. We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions.
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. For example, when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our Services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, we will collect personal information from you. You can opt out of our marketing emails at any time.
To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To deliver targeted advertising to you. We may use your information to develop and display personalized content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
For other business purposes. We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and evaluating and improving our Website, Services, products, marketing and your experience. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:  We only share information with your consent to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfil business obligations.
We may process or share the data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfil the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal processes, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Website, which will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you interact with our Website over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, pages or features, and better understand online activity. Unless described in this policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. We have contracts in place with our data processors, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any organization apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honour this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
In Short:  We only share information with the following categories of third parties.
We only share and disclose your information with the following categories of third parties. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us using the contact details provided
Ad Networks
Affiliate Marketing Programs
Cloud Computing Services
Communication & Collaboration Tools
Data Analytics Services
Data Storage Service Providers
Finance & Accounting Tools
Order Fulfillment Service Provider
Payment Processors
Performance Monitoring Tools
Product Engineering & Design Tools
Retargeting Platforms
Sales & Marketing Tools
Social Networks
Testing Tools
User Account Registration & Authentication Services
Website Hosting Service Providers
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:  We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy
6. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERN
ATIONALLY?
In Short:We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
We are based in Northern Ireland. In order to provide our Services to you, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see “Will your information be shared with anyone?” above), in the United Kingdom, United States, Pakistan, and other countries.
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us to keep your personal information for longer than three (3) months past the termination of the user’s account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the transmission of personal information to and from our Website is at your own risk. You should only access the Website within a secure environment.
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom (UK), you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA and UK), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv), if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
10. Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Website. For further information, please see our Cookie Policy.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list — however, we may still communicate with you, for example, to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Access your account settings and update your preferences.
Use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing emails, newsletters, or other non-essential communications.
11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference and not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:  Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date, and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a policy of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) by email at
support@dynamitelifestyle.com
14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances.
Your data protection rights
Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access
- You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification
- You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure
- You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing
- You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
- You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability
- You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
15. COLLECTION AND USE OF GOOGLE USER DATA
Limited Use Policy Compliance
: Dynamite Lifestyle complies with the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements. We only collect and use Google user data obtained via Restricted and Sensitive Scopes to provide specific functionalities within our app and for no other purposes.
Information We Collect:
We may collect certain information from your Google account, such as your name, email address, and other necessary data, solely to enable the core features of our app. We do not access or store any sensitive personal information, and we never share this data with third parties unless explicitly required for app functionality.
Data Storage and Security:
All Google user data obtained by Dynamite Lifestyle is securely stored and protected using industry-standard encryption and security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of your information.
User Consent:
By using our app and granting access to your Google account, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your data as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure:
To attest our compliance with the Limited Use Policy, we provide the following disclosure:
Dynamite Lifestyle use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
16. IN-APP PURCHASE
In-App Purchase Subscription Details (iOS)
: Auto-renewing Subscription for £99 Monthy. Upon confirming the initial subscription purchase, the payment will be charged to the credit card linked to your iTunes Account. Subscriptions are set to renew every month automatically unless you disable auto-renewal at least 24 hours before the current subscription period concludes. Your account will undergo renewal charges within 24 hours prior to the current period's end, with the renewal cost clearly specified. After your purchase, you can manage your subscription and deactivate auto-renewal by accessing your Account Settings.
Subscription Information (Android)
: When you initiate an in-app purchase or subscription via The Source Mobile App, certain personal details like your name, email address, and payment particulars necessary for transaction processing might be collected. It's important to note that we do not retain your payment information on our server; instead, we rely on Google Play's secure payment processing system for this purpose.
Changes to Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to update and modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page, and we encourage you to review this policy periodically.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please do so by contacting us using the information listed above or by emailing us at
support@dynamitelifestyle.com
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue using this site, we will assume you are happy with it.Click Ok
Privacy  Policy
Decline
Accept