Privacy Policy
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how AMCORE BALANCE collects and processes your personal information through your use of this Website, or when you provide information in store, including any data you may provide when you sign up to our newsletter or purchase a product or service.
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TREATMENT OF YOUR DATA?
AMCORE BALANCE, S.L. with CIF B-66291097
Calle Pollancre 10 - 17452 Massanes
Contact email:
dpo@naturitas.es
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In AMCORE BALANCE, S.L. (hereinafter, “AMCORE BALANCE”) we treat the personal data you provide, as well as all those that are collected through the page and those that derive from your relationship with us with the following main purposes:
Creation of user profile:
Your personal data will be treated in order to create a user account profile which will allow you to purchase products, access all your orders and manage them, show your opinion regarding the products purchased and articles shared on the blog and manage your personal data. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data will be the execution of the contractual relationship as provided in the
General Terms and Conditions
that you accept at the time of creating a profile for the use of our website.
Product purchase procedure:
Your personal data will be treated with the purpose of properly managing the purchase procedure of the selected products, as well as any issues related to this, such as the return of products or incidents throughout the procedure. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data will be the execution of the contractual relationship as provided in the
General Terms and Conditions
hat you accept at the time of purchase of the products.
Contact form:
Manage and answer questions and/or queries. For this, we can contact you both electronically and by telephone. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data will be the consent given by you at the time you send us your contact request.
On the other hand and only in the case that you have consented to it, your personal data will be treated in order to send you commercial communications about our products, services, offers and tips (newsletter). Inform you that the processing of your data for this purpose is legitimized by the express consent given by you. Therefore, we remind you that at any time you can revoke it through the link adapted for this purpose in the communication or by sending an email to
dpo@naturitas.es
.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal information about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, gender, marital status, title, date of birth, email address.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone number.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, cookie ID’s, web log information, device identifiers and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services, your browsing activity including intended purchases and aborted baskets, completion of surveys, wish-lists, connection information and statistics on your visits to site and page views, the links you click and other actions you take on our services, within our advertising or e-mail content and participation in promotional activity. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal information but is not considered personal information in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal information so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal information which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
Where we need to collect personal information by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
As a general rule, AMCORE BALANCE will not disclose your personal data to third parties.
We will, however, disclose your personal data to third parties if we are required to do so by law, by an administrative or judicial authority or in the public interest or for public order, e.g. to comply with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism regulations, tax or social security obligations.
In addition, to the extent necessary to deliver the products purchased on our website, we will share your information with transport companies responsible for carrying out such deliveries.
Finally, we would like to inform you that in order to provide our services to you, we require the assistance of certain third party service providers who may have access to your personal data, such as, for example, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, marketing and advertising agencies, CRM, accounting consultants, billing software providers and customer service software providers. Where applicable, these third parties will always act in the name and on behalf of AMCORE BALANCE, i.e. they will act on our instructions and in accordance with the relevant processing contract we have concluded with them. Under no circumstances will they use your data for their own purposes.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will retain your data for the duration of our relationship. However, if we observe a prolonged period of inactivity, we will delete your data to the extent that the processing is no longer adequate, relevant and necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, unless you ask us to delete it earlier.
When the processing of your data is no longer adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes for which it was processed, we will keep your data securely blocked and only for the purpose of complying with our legal obligations to meet any liabilities.
Lastly, we inform you that we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is rectified or deleted when it is inaccurate.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Request access
to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. If you want to receive a copy of any information we process about you please contact with our team:
dpo@naturitas.com.au
.
Request correction
of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. Please contact us if you want to update your information at
dpo@naturitas.es
.
Request erasure
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal information to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. You can request erasure of your information at any time by sending an email to
dpo@naturitas.com.au
.
Object to processing
of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Please contact us if you want to exercise your rights in this aspect at
dpo@naturitas.es
.
Request restriction
of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. You can request restriction of processing by downloading the request form and sending your completed form to customer services. For more information, please send an email to
dpo@naturitas.com.au
.
Request the transfer
of your personal information to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. For more information, please send an email to
dpo@naturitas.com.au
.
Withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. For more information, please send an email to
dpo@naturitas.com.au
.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal information breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Do you have the right to withdraw your consent?
Yes, you may withdraw your consent to processing of your data at any time, for one, several or all of the purposes set out above, which are dependent on such consent for processing. Please note that, where applicable, this may affect the way in which we provide services to you or even result in their termination.