Privacy Policy
Invogue Technologies respects the privacy of its users. We are dedicated to guarding the User’s information, be it yours or your child’s. We have the right to change our Privacy Policy at any thime without giving any notice to you. For users under 18 you must have your guardian’s permission before giving us any information
Consent: By Accessing or using our Apps you agree to Privacy Policy in which we will collect non-personal information
Non-Personal
Information:
We may collect Non personal information which does not reveal any identification of a user. The Information consists of technical information (usage of the App/Game), behavioral information (interaction with the app), activity of the User on the App/Game, type of operating system, language, etc. Non-Personal Information collected may include the following technical information:
Type of operation system (e.g., Android, iOS, etc.)
Language (e.g., English)
Device Vendor Name
Screen resolution for performance improvements.
IP Address,IMEI, Advertisement IDs etc.
CPU Type, Storage, Firmware etc.
Reasons for Information Collection
* Non-Personal Information is collected for analysis of App/Game to improve and enhance the particular App/Game and their feature sets.
* It is also collected for tracking bugs and crashes in the App/Game to improve the user experience.
We use the information we collect on your device to deliver the best services to you. Such use by us and by our Partners may include:
Keeping Product Stable:
We try to Develop and deliver new and improved products, App and games with latest updates and requirements by analyzing your data.
Cross-promotion:
Meaning we may promote one of our Apps/Games while you are playing any other App/Games of ours. But we always make sure children only see advertisements suitable for their age.
User Analytics:
User data like in game activity and Advertisement IDs are collected for research purposes or for analyzing games so that we can improve according to user requirements. Demographic data is collected to know our user’s country which helps us in creating reports in order to analyze any changes required for a specific country.
Ads:
We show ads from Google certified ad networks. In games that are not designed for families we show certified ads to children below 13-year-old and we only show ads from non-certified networks to adults above 13 years old.
Below are provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
Admob
:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Unity Ads
:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Firebase
:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Facebook
:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Security
To save your confidentiality and your information, we use applications industry standards to ensure privacy yet not confined to firewalls. Encoded transmissions and information encryptions of your data, anyway heartbreakingly no data encryptions on web can be sheltered, we can’t ensure the security of the information you transmit while we try to keep your information safe. You will use these organizations all alone.
Stores
If you purchase our product or do in-app purchases you need to enter payment methods which will require your very close information, regardless, all data given are secure because every such event is taken securely by the app stores and your charge, card information isn’t seen by us. Application stores use totally secure standards to ensure you.
Opt-out
You can simply control your information and confidential, if you don’t need that marketing parties to show you promotion’s that are according to your inclination you can select No option in application Opt-Out Screen. The Opt-Out Consent Screen comes when you first time play the game and, in the settings, or main menu of the application.
Children’s Privacy: (COPPA Complaint):
Data identified with kid’s privacy policy appointment is to give the legitimate guardian of a child younger than 13 years with direction in regard to our privacy policy that concern gathering, utilizing and uncovering individual data of children under 13.
Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 have certain rights under Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA, http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm), and we recognize those rights.
We don’t purposely and directly gather and store on its servers any close to personal data from children under the age 13 as that would be an infringement of COPPA. Some data might be gathered by outsider suppliers of administrations (promoting systems, and so forth.) or certain products.
Retention Time and Data Deletion:
By default, all the data collected is retained. If user uninstalls the app/game, all the relevant data is removed from backup systems within 180 days.
Contact US:
You will probably have concerns regarding information collection. Don’t worry and if you have any query, you can email us at ask@invoguetechnologies.com
We reserve the right to change our privacy policies at any time, without informing you. Please frequently visit this page.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools