Privacy Statement
The Educational Company of Ireland respects and values the privacy of all visitors to
edcolearning.ie
and using the Edco Learning App.
            Our Privacy Statement applies to all of the products, services, websites and Apps offered by The
            Educational Company of Ireland including
edcolearning.ie
.
We will process your personal data in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003.
This Privacy Statement complies with the Data Protection Acts, 2003. If you have any questions about this statement please
            contact us through our Website or write to us at:
The Educational Company of Ireland
, Ballymount Road, Walkinstown, Dublin 12, Ireland.
We respect your right to privacy. Visitors are advised that each time they visit a Website, two general levels of
            information about their visit can be retained. The first level comprises statistical and other analytical information
            collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all browsers who visit the site. The second is
            information which is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information.
The statistical and analytical information provides general and not individually specific information about the number
            of people who visit this Website; the number of people who return to this site; the pages that they visit; where they
            were before they came to this site and the page in the site at which they exited. This information helps us monitor
            traffic on our Website so that we can manage the site’s capacity and efficiency. It also helps us to understand which
            parts of this site are most popular and generally to assess user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure
            interest in and use of the various areas of the site.
Through this Website or App you may have an opportunity to send us information, such as through the "registration"
            pages or any other area where you may send e-mails, provide feedback, etc. By choosing to participate in these, you
            will be providing us with some level of personal information relating to you. This information will only be used by
            this site for:
the purposes for which it was provided by you;
verification purposes and statistical analysis; and
marketing and administration purposes.
Collection and use of personal information
Personal information: information that is associated with your name or personal identity. This Website and App does not
            collect any personal data about you on this Website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example, by emailing
            us, or registering with us). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties,
            and is used by this site only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and use of non-personal information
Non-personal information: data collected for statistical purposes which is not associated with a specific identity.
            This site and App collects and analyses technical information in order to evaluate our Website. The type of technical
            information we log is confined to the following:
* The IP address*1 of the visitor’s Web server or device
* The top-level domain-name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
* The pages visited on the this site Website, i.e. URL’s*2 visited
* The previous Website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
* Clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this Website (for example, pages accessed)
*1 An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP)
            network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the
            destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are
            surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for
            users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
*2 A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web.
Other Websites
This Privacy Statement applies to The Educational Company of Ireland services only. We do not exercise control over the sites
            displayed as links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your
            computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
The Educational Company of Ireland only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement
            and/or the supplementary privacy notices for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include:
Providing our services, including the display of customised content
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services
Ensuring the technical functioning of our network
Protecting the rights or property of The Educational Company of Ireland, our authors, artists and other suppliers, or
                our users; and Developing new services
Information sharing
The Educational Company of Ireland only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of The
            Educational Company of Ireland in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose
                of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based
                on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Statement and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a)
                satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request (b) enforce applicable Terms of
                Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security
                or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of The Educational Company of Ireland,
                its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Please contact us for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or
            destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures.
We restrict access to personal information to The Educational Company of Ireland employees, contractors and agents who need
            to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality
            obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination of their employment and criminal prosecution, if they fail
            to meet these obligations.
Data integrity
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on
            our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
Accessing and updating personal information
When you use The Educational Company of Ireland services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal
            information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise
            required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the
            information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process
            requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of
            others, or request which would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes),
            or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this
            service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
Enforcement
The Educational Company of Ireland regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Statement. Please feel free to direct any
            questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or The Educational Company of Ireland’s treatment of personal information
            by contacting us through this Website or by writing to us at the address below.
When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is The Educational Company of Ireland’s statement to contact the
            complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will co-operate with the appropriate regulatory authorities to resolve any
            complaints regarding the processing of personal data that cannot be resolved between The Educational Company of Ireland and an
            individual.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Please note that this Privacy Statement may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Statement
            without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Privacy Statement
            changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain
            services, email notification of Privacy Statement changes). Each version of this Privacy Statement will be identified at the top
            of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Statement in an archive for your review.
The Educational Company of Ireland respects the privacy of all users of our Websites. This Privacy Statement applies to all of
            the products, services, websites and apps offered by The Educational Company of Ireland and
edcolearning.ie
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact us at:
The Educational Company of Ireland
, Ballymount Road, Walkinstown, Dublin 12.Tel: (01) 4500 611, Fax: (01)
            4500 993, or email us at
info@edcolearning.ie
Contact Us
If you have any queries please do not hesitate to contact us.
The Educational Company of Ireland
Ballymount Road,
Walkinstown,
Dublin 12.
Tel: (01) 4299 227
Fax: (01) 4500 993
e-mail:
info@edcolearning.ie
Data Protection and Privacy
The Educational Company of Ireland keeps any details provided to us by you in accordance with data protection legislation.
User Uploaded Content
You have the ability to upload content, images, photos, graphic designs, documents, worksheets, data, presentations and/or
            other types of content as well as links to other sites (together "User Uploaded Content") to the site, which will be available
            for you to access via your account. You shall be solely responsible for your own User Uploaded Content and the consequences
            of uploading such content.
In connection with your User Uploaded Content, you affirm, represent and warrant that:
you alone have the necessary licences, rights, consents and permissions to use and upload your User Uploaded Content to
                enable the use of your User Uploaded Content in the manner contemplated by The Educational Company of Ireland and the site; and
you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your User
                Uploaded Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable the uploading
                and use of your Uploaded Content in the manner contemplated by the services and these terms and conditions.
We do not claim ownership of any of your User Uploaded Content. You retain all of your ownership rights in your User Uploaded
            Content. However, you hereby grant to The Educational Company of Ireland a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable,
            worldwide right to use, copy, transmit and display your User Uploaded Content solely to the extent necessary for us to provide
            the services to you.
The Educational Company of Ireland does not condone copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property
            rights. The Educational Company of Ireland will remove your User Uploaded Content if properly notified by a third party that
            your User Uploaded Content infringes its intellectual property rights.
General
These Terms and Conditions are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland and all disputes
            shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
The Terms and Conditions outlined and your agreement to these conditions commence on the date you access the site and will
            continue in force until terminated by either you or us.
If you do not comply with any term or provision of these conditions as outlined, any right you may have under these terms
            and conditions will come to an end immediately, at our sole discretion, without any notice from us. Termination of these
            conditions by us will not affect any other rights or remedies we may be entitled to at law (or otherwise).
Once this agreement comes to an end (and for whatever reason) your right to access and use the site and its content shall
            immediately cease and you must destroy at your own expense, all information obtained from the site.
You may not assign, transfer or replace/edit or change any of these Terms and Conditions, in whole or in part, to any third
            party and any attempt by you to do so shall be invalid.
Should any part of these Terms and Conditions be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion will be construed in a manner
            which is consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms and Conditions will not be considered a waiver of the right to enforce
            such provision.
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire and only agreement between you and us, and supersede all other agreements,
            representations, warranties and understandings that relate to the subject matter of these Terms and Conditions.
Contact information
If you have any queries, please contact
The Educational Company of Ireland
, Ballymount Road, Walkinstown,
            Dublin 12.Tel: (01) 4500 611, Fax: (01) 4500 993, or Email us at
info@edcolearning.ie
You are not running the latest version of Chrome.
                        For optimal performance, functionality and security, you must use the latest version of
                        Chrome/Firefox/Internet Explorer/Safari/Opera to access this Edco Learning Web App.
                        You must update your browser to the latest version of Chrome and then you will
                        be able to login to the Edco Learning Web App.
You will be logged out in
.
Do you want to stay logged-in?
Your session has expired as you were inactive for at least 30 minutes. You must log in again.
Picture
Video
1.
We hereby grant you a limited and revocable right to:
- download and keep one copy of each item of downloaded Content on one laptop or other tablet device
- use that copy for your own personal, non-commercial purposes and
- view that copy an unlimited number of times.
2.
Unless you have our express written consent or you are expressly authorised by law to do so, you must not:
- use the Content for any commercial or other non-personal purpose
- make any further copies of the Content or transfer the Content to any other device or any other person or
- otherwise reproduce, copy, print, reformat, remove, adapt, modify, distribute, make publicly available,
                            or prepare derivative works of, the Content or any copyright notice contained therein.
3.
The intellectual property rights in all Content are owned by us and our licensors. Except for the rights granted
                            to you under paragraph 2, nothing in these End User Licence Terms shall confer on you any right or interest in
                            the Content and all other rights are reserved to us.
4.
If there is any error or fault with the copy of the Content that you have downloaded, you may at any time within
                            fourteen (14) days of the date of the original download, download one replacement copy.
5.
You understand and acknowledge that the Content may not be compatible with all devices and that you are responsible
                            for providing any hardware and/or software that you may need in order to keep and use the Content. You will not be
                            entitled to return or claim a refund for any downloaded Content on the basis that it is not compatible with your device.
6.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms that might
                            otherwise be implied by law into these End User Licence Terms.
7.
The Licensor shall accept no responsibility or liability for any content generated by you whether created or stored
                            using the suite of e-book tools.
8.
You will be requested to back up your Content on a regular basis. Failure by you to back up your Content could
                            result in a loss of data for which the Licensor will accept no responsibility or liability.
9.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these End User Licence Terms, our liability to you for death or personal
                            injury resulting from our negligence (or that of our employees, agents or sub-contractors) shall not be limited.
                            Save as stated in the preceding sentence, (1) our entire liability to you in respect of any breach of our contractual
                            obligations, breach of warranty, representation, statement or tortious act or omission including negligence arising
                            under or in connection with these End User Licence Terms shall be limited to the amount (if any) paid by you to us
                            under these End User Licence Terms; and (2) we shall not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss you may
                            suffer even if the loss was reasonably foreseeable or the possibility of such loss advised.
10.
We may terminate these End User Licence Terms at any time if you breach them or any other terms that apply to your
                            use of the Application. When notified of termination, you must immediately permanently delete and destroy all copies
                            of any Content that are in your possession or control.
11.
The laws of Ireland will govern these End User Licence Terms and the courts of Ireland shall have exclusive
                            jurisdiction in relation to any dispute which arises out of or in connection with these End User Licence Terms.
12.
These Terms and Conditions are subject to change at any time, without prior written notice. Therefore, please
                            check these Terms and Conditions carefully each time you place an order.
Please provide us with the following details so one of our team can assist you:
We’re expecting at least two words, separated by a space and both words containing more than 3 letters.
We’re expecting a string of at least 3 chars.
We’re expecting the following symbols text followed by “@” followed by “.” Followed by standard list of domain suffixes
The above field is required.
Please select your request type
Please select your request type
Information
Support
Feedback
Suggestions
Please select your request type.
Thank you, we have received your request.
Close
Send