Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Skip to content
IPUT Privacy Policy
Date of last revision: January 19, 2021
Reading Time:
9
minutes
Our Policy
:
Welcome to the website (the “
Site
”) of IPUT, inc (“
IPUT
”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). This Site is operated by IPUT and has been created to provide information about our IPUT, software and services provided by the IPUT (the “
Company Services
”) to our Site visitors and customers (“you”, “your”). This Privacy Policy sets forth IPUT’s policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable data (“
Personal Data
”) and other information that is collected from Site visitors and customers of IPUT Services.
Information We Collect
:
When you interact with us through the Site and use IPUT Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data That You Provide:
We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the IPUT Services or use certain IPUT Services. Wherever IPUT collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of IPUT and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States.
Location Data:
Some features and functionality in our Company Services require that you provide your location. If you have location services turned on, whenever you use such Company Services on your mobile device, we collect and use your geocoordinates (e.g. latitude and longitude) to tailor the Company Services to your current location. We will only process your location with your express permission. If you have persistent background location turned on, we will obtain your device’s location even if you are not using the Company Services on your mobile device. Your location is never shared with others, except with your consent or as permitted under this Privacy Policy. We use various technologies to determine your precise location, such as the location services of your operating system or browser, sensor data from your device (e.g. magnetometer, barometer, gyroscopes, accelerometers, compasses, Bluetooth data, beacon data, Wi-Fi access points, GPS data, and cell tower data), and other data that may help us understand your precise location.If you have opted-in to sharing your background location with us as part of using the Company Services, you may remove your permission at any time by going into your operating device settings and toggling off background sharing.
Other Information:
When you interact with IPUT through the Site, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. IPUT may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by IPUT affiliates, agents or service providers. This Site may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
In operating this Site, we may use a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s features.
In addition, this Site enables the use of the Adobe Flash Player. Adobe’s Flash Player is used by the vast majority of websites that offer video and other interactive content. By default, your use of the Adobe Flash Player generates “flash cookies” (also known as “persistent identification elements” or “local shared objects”). The Adobe Flash Player (and similar applications) use flash cookies to remember user settings, preferences and usage similar to the browser cookies referenced above. You can disable, delete and control the degree to which you accept flash cookies by accessing your Adobe Flash Player management tools directly through the settings manager for Adobe Flash, located
here
. If you do not allow flash cookies to take any disc space on your computer, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features on this Site.
[1]
[2]
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies, flash cookies, and similar files by IPUT only and does not cover the use of cookies, flash cookies, and similar files by any third-party advertisers or websites linked to this Site.
Aggregated Personal Data:
In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the IPUT Services, IPUT often conducts research on its customer and user demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and IPUT may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. IPUT may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Do Not Track
: We may (and we may allow third party service providers to) use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of our Site and Products.  Our Site and Products currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals and operate as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Policy.
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information
:
IPUT uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the IPUT Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. IPUT and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “
Company Related Companies
”) may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site and the IPUT Services to help us improve the content and functionality of the Site and IPUT Services, to better understand our users and to improve the IPUT Services. IPUT Related Companies may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
If IPUT intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected.
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information
:
IPUT is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Business Transfers:
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Related Companies:
We may also share your Personal Data with our IPUT Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties:
IPUT, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include hosting our IPUT Services, mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another IPUT to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
Legal Requirements:
IPUT may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of IPUT, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Your Choices
:
You can use the Site without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain IPUT Services. The IPUT mobile apps require authentication (username and password) to access most IPUT Services.
Exclusions
:
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by IPUT other than Personal Data collected through the Site or the IPUT Services. This Privacy Policy will not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to IPUT through this Site or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “
Public Areas
”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “
Unsolicited Information
”). All Unsolicited Information will be deemed to be non-confidential and IPUT will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
Children
:
IPUT does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on this Site without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to IPUT through this Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to Other Web Sites:
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site and the IPUT Services. This Site and the IPUT Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by IPUT (the “
Third Party Sites
”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from this Site do not imply that IPUT endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Security:
IPUT takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site and IPUT Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to IPUT.
Other Terms and Conditions
:
Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the
Terms of Use
.
Changes to IPUT’s Privacy Policy
:
The Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for IPUT to make changes to this Privacy Policy. IPUT reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy will indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Access to Information; Contacting IPUT:
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Site.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about IPUT’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Site or IPUT Services.
You may contact us as follows: email to hello@hqo.co
** Your California Privacy Rights:
Applicable California privacy legislation permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request to access such information, please contact us as follows: email to hello@hqo.co. Within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph.
[1]
If you are looking for a shorter description of flash cookies, consider substituting this language: “We use local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, to display content based upon what you view on our site and to personalize your visit.  Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data and how that data is stored.  Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove flash cookies.  To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies click
here
.”
[2]
If the Site does not host advertisements that use flash cookies, you may want to include a sentence stating: “This Site does not use flash cookies to service interest-based advertising.”  If the Site hosts advertisements that use flash cookies, you may want to include the following sentence: “This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies, flash cookies, and similar files by IPUT only and does not cover the use of cookies, flash cookies, and similar files by any third-party advertisers or websites linked to this Site.
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility