TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Data Security
Data is encrypted in transit and on the server so no one can snoop around on your network to intercept data. SSL security is embedded in the apps and on the servers so your information cannot be retrieved by anyone. We invested a lot of effort in making sure the data gathered by your device stays yours, whether it's your personal information, the videos you record, the trips you make and more.
Personal information is used only to customize the app for you
Your personal information is only used to customize your experience inside the app. If you choose to interact with other users such as setting up a group trip together where you can see each other temporarily on the map, then your name might be visible to others.
Saving videos in cloud is OPTIONAL
Atlas Navi has an optional functionality where you can record videos in the background. These videos can be shared with others if you choose to. However, by default, they are saved on your device. Optionally, they can be backed up on the server for easy access and retrieval if the device is lost. Videos on the device are overwritten if 10GB of space is used. The oldest video is rewritten first.
NO GPS TRACKING
GPS signal is crucial for a navigation app. Without it, the app does not know where you are and cannot suggest appropriate routes for you. However, this does not mean someone is tracking or overseeing where you go. Your entire data is encrypted so not even our developers can access it. We do not store your most visited locations, do not perform analysis on your GPS location or anything of the sort.
Using your camera is OPTIONAL
Camera use in Atlas Navi is completely optional. The app can be used as a standard navigation app. If turned on, the camera will start the A.I. engine of the app and try to detect traffic and road issues such as road construction, closures, traffic in each lane, available parking spaces and more. This helps other drivers avoid those areas through the re-routing mechanism.
​
Privacy at the core
We stay far away from tracking or performing analysis on any driver account. Your data is NOT SOLD OR SHARED with anyone. No advertising is made in the app. We DO NOT sell even aggregate data to advertisers or anyone else. In the future, as an opt-in choice, you will be able to choose if you want to help the city you drive in by sending pothole, accident and traffic data, but this is not available now and it will be optional, with a default of "NO".
More details about our terms, conditions and privacy policy
Privacy Policy for Atlas Navi - Autonomy International Business Pte Ltd
At Atlas Navi, accessible from
https://www.AtlasNavi.com
, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Atlas Navi and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Atlas Navi. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website or the Atlas Navi app.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, GPS location, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our website
Improve, personalize, and expand our website
Understand and analyze how you use our website
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
Atlas Navi follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Atlas Navi uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Atlas Navi does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Anti-cheating rules
Our anti-cheating algorithm tracks GPS data and verifies its credibility by acquiring data from your phone's accelerometer and other sensors.
Violation of the rules, can cause a restriction of your account and all $MILEs  won’t be credited to the account.
Examples of cheating
a) GPS Spoofing - faking your location by attempting to trick the app
b) Motion simulation - use of devices meant to simulate authentic movement / driving
c) Multimining - driving with multiple phones at once with the Atlas Navi app open.