Privacy Policy
Effective date: January 31, 2019
App Wing ("us", "we", or "our") operates the App Wing mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy is managed by
Privacy Policy Generator
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service is the App Wing mobile application operated by App Wing
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
App Wing uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside  and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to  and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
App Wing will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
App Wing may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of App Wing
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Piwik / Matomo
Piwik or Matomo is a web analytics service. You can visit their Privacy Policy page here:
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy
Clicky
Clicky is a web analytics service. Read the Privacy Policy for Clicky here:
https://clicky.com/terms
Statcounter
Statcounter is a web traffic analysis tool. You can read the Privacy Policy for Statcounter here:
https://statcounter.com/about/legal/
Unity Analytics
Unity Analytics is provided by Unity Technologies.
For more information on what type of information Unity Analytics collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: appswingstudio@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR plus with the requirements of Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy for your site and for your app.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy.
100% Free.
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue to Step 2 to Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy for your site & app
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you effectively protect your customers privacy while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the guidelines of the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
Features of the Free Privacy Policy Generator
1-minute questionnaire, free downloads to your PC, and more.
1-minute questionnaire
Our questionnaire takes only minutes. Start, answer our questions and your Privacy Policy is ready.
Compliance
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with the requirements of CCPA, CPRA, GDPR and others.
Guidance all the way
Our questionnaire is very easy to use and we're always here to help you if you have any questions. Just email us.
Download to your PC
Once you completed the questionnaire, you're free to download the Privacy Policy to your PC.
Free Privacy Policy Generator FAQs
Answers to the most popular questions about our Free Privacy Policy Generator.
Yes, the Free Privacy Policy Generator is free to use. We provide free policies for websites and apps. You can choose to get our premium & professional Privacy Policy that includes more provisions & clauses to better protect your business, website or app.
Yes, we provide the HTML code of the Privacy Policy that you can simply copy-paste anywhere you'd like.
Yes, we provide free hosting for the Privacy Policy we help you create. You can link to your Privacy Policy from any website, regardless of the content management system or websit builder you use.
Yes, you can choose to include GDPR, CCPA + CPRA text to be added to your Privacy Policy.
How the Free Privacy Policy Generator works
Here's how easy it is to create a Privacy Policy.
01
Start the Free Privacy Policy Generator
02
Download the Free Privacy Policy
03
Add the Free Privacy Policy to your website
Sub-policy 1
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Menu
MENU
MENU
Why Matomo?
100% Data Ownership
Privacy Protection
Product Features
Open Source
Flexibility
No Data Sampling
GDPR
Google Analytics Alternative
Use Cases
Complete Analytics
Intranet Analytics
Consent-Free Tracking
Tracking Personal Data
Marketing Attribution
No Limitations
Log Analytics
Cloud
On-Premise
Matomo On-Premise
On-Premise vs Cloud
Download for free
Marketplace
Support Plans
Pricing
Pricing
Contact Sales
Resources
NEW! 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide
Help
Blog
Guides
Masterclasses
Case Studies
Integrations
Contact the Matomo team
List of all features
Get involved
Log in
Help
TRY IT FOR FREE
Matomo Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 13 August 2024
This Privacy Policy replaces the earlier version published on this website.
We believe in openness, privacy and 100% data ownership. Matomo’s mission is to liberate analytics and we are passionate about measuring for success. These core values are ingrained into everything we do here at Matomo and that will never change.
This Policy describes the personal information (or personal data) we collect from you, how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection and processing of information in the Matomo Cloud-hosted service provided by us, which is covered by the
Matomo Cloud Privacy Policy
and
Matomo Data Processing Addendum
.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we obtain from you through:
(a) your use of Matomo websites including their subdomains:
demo.matomo.cloud
,
forum.matomo.org
,
developer.matomo.org
,
shop.matomo.org
,
plugins.matomo.org
,
ios.matomo.org
,
issues.matomo.org
,
glossary.matomo.org
;
(b) any direct contact you make with our team via email, contact forms, newsletter subscriptions, surveys, or when you complete any on-line feedback forms;
(c) when you create, use and make purchases through your Matomo Marketplace account or download our software directly from our websites;
(d) when you interact with us via our social media accounts or
(e) when you apply for a role advertised on our websites.
This Privacy Policy also applies to instances where we may receive your personal data from third party service providers.
This Privacy Policy explains:
Who we are
What personal data we collect, when we receive and how we use it
Opt-out of website tracking
Legal bases
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Who we share your personal data with
Processors
Third party services we use
When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
International transfers
Retention of data
How we protect your personal data
Automated decision-making including profiling
Privacy Policy changes
Contact us
Who we are
We are InnoCraft Limited (InnoCraft, we), a New Zealand registered company (NZBN 6106769), established by the creators of Matomo analytics. Our offices are located at 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand.
We are the data controller, or agency, in relation to the activities described in this privacy policy, unless stated otherwise.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or you would like to access earlier versions of this Privacy Policy, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@matomo.org
.
What personal data we collect, when we receive it and how we use it
We will never sell your personal data to anyone.
In order for us to provide you the best possible experience on our websites and deliver our services to you, we collect and process certain personal data as follows:
(a) When you contact us via our websites or directly via email
— for example, when you ask for support, send us sales enquiries, questions, comments, feedback or when you complete a survey, customer satisfaction questionnaire or report a problem, we will collect your name, email address, your job title if provided, the content of the message, etc. We use this data to answer the queries we receive, to build business relationships, and to analyse the types of queries we receive and improve our customer management processes and to improve our products and services. If you do not provide your personal data, we will not be able to respond to you.
(b)	When you sign up to receive Matomo content or offers
– for example, when you sign up to receive our guidebooks or participate in our masterclasses, or when you subscribe to the newsletter, or consent to receiving marketing materials, we use your email address to deliver the resources you requested. You can always withdraw your consent to receive our marketing content by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ in the relevant emails or contacting
privacy@matomo.org
.
(c)	When you create an account
— when you sign up for and open an account on Matomo forum, or create an account on the Matomo Marketplace, we may ask you to provide us with information such as your name, email address and details about your organisation. In addition, when you use your Matomo Marketplace account to purchase premium plugins, we collect and process your username, password, payment information, phone number and physical address.  As otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will solely process this information to provide you with the service you signed up for. If you do not provide your personal data, we would not be able to create the accounts and you would not be able to purchase plugins on the Matomo Marketplace.
(d)	When you download Matomo On-Premise
– we collect and store the following information relating to your Matomo On-Premise software licence, which may in some cases include personal information: the IP address of the server where the instance is stored, URL of the customer, version of Matomo On-Premise downloaded and database version and programming language, time zone, number of websites tracked and number of licensed authorised users. We use this information to manage our licensing, billing and customer support.
(e) When you apply for a role advertised on our website
, we will collect your name, email address, country if provided, the role you are applying for and your CV and cover letter or message. We use the personal data you provide to evaluate your application and communicate with you during the recruitment process. If you don’t provide your personal data, we would not be able to process your application.
(f)	When you interact with us via social media
, e.g.,
Meta (Facebook)
,
GitHub
,
Hootsuite
,
LinkedIn
,
Mastodon
,
Reddit
,
YouTube
or
X (Twitter)
, or any other similar third party page, your personal data is processed by the social media platform providers under their privacy policies and processes. We process your personal data collected from social media, such as full name, business email address, job title, company, telephone number, any other personal data you provide us with to respond to your requests, develop a business relationship or send you direct marketing communications (subject to prior consent requirements where applicable). If we cannot use your personal data, we would not be able to respond to your requests, establish business relationships or send you marketing materials.
(g) 	We use data broker services to enrich our customer or prospective customer data
-  when you express interest in our product, sign up to our newsletter or other marketing materials, or are our customer, we use a data broker services provider identified in
Who we share your personal data with
(section (b)) to enable us to collate corporate and professional information about our customers and prospective customers. This allows us to understand our customers’ requirements better, customise sales and marketing efforts and develop our products. The data broker services process your email address as data processors for us, and provide us with the following information, if they hold it, from their database: Company (your employer company name and corporate details), your job title, industry, office location (including city), business telephone number, business email address, LinkedIn URL. In some cases, we may receive information about your previous employers and titles. We process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. Without the information we will not be able to customise our communications with you, to best meet your needs.
You can opt-out of data enrichment processing, by completing this
form
.
(h)	 Usage data - when you visit our site, we will store
: the website  which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, your IP address which we store in full form in the server logs for 30 days for security reasons and which we anonymise on receipt for use in website analytics, information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit, and
more
. We process this usage data using our own analytics tool,
Matomo Analytics
, and we process the information for statistical purposes, to improve our site and to recognise and stop any misuse.
You can opt out of being tracked by our Matomo Analytics instance below.
(i)	Cookies
- we use cookies (small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites) for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on our site. You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time.
Opt-out of website tracking
Please be aware that some browsers can delete the opt-out cookie if you have not visited our website in anywhere between 7 days (Safari), 45 days (Firefox) or 400 days (Chrome) as of the date of this policy. These timeframes may be subject to change. If you are not a regular visitor to our websites and wish to opt-out of analytics use, please check the setting when you visit, to make sure the opt-out is still recognised by your browser.
Legal bases
We process your Personal Data on the following legal bases:
Consent
– We may process your Personal Data for one or more specific purposes if you give us your consent, for example we ask for your consent to receive marketing materials, surveys or general information about our products. Whenever we process your Personal Data on the basis of your consent, we will ask you for it and inform you about your right to withdraw it.
Contract performance and pre-contractual requests
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or for the performance of pre-contractual measures, which are carried out at your request. For example, when you send us a sales enquiry, when you download Matomo On-Premise, when you purchase a plugin or process a payment, when you send us a customer support request or a technical query.
Legal obligation
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, for example, to comply with any applicable tax laws.
Legitimate interests
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, unless these are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, when we process your enquiries for customer relationship management purposes or when we enrich customer or prospective customer data with data from a third party provider, as explained in the
Third Party Services We Use
section.
Your Rights
Data subject rights vary depending on the applicable privacy laws. We are based in New Zealand and governed by the New Zealand Privacy Act and any privacy laws that apply to the processing because of their extra-territorial effect (e.g. EU GDPR, UK GDPR).
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR is the law applicable to our processing of your data, you have the right of access to your Personal Data and to information regarding the processing of Personal Data by InnoCraft, the right to rectification/correction, erasure, restriction of processing and the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data. You also have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transmit it or have it transmitted to another controller. If you have given us your consent for processing your Personal Data, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
To the extent any U.S. state privacy act applies to our processing of your personal information, your rights may include a right to access, correct, delete, opt-out of certain processing, right to portability, right to opt-in for sensitive data processing, right against automated decision making or other rights provided for under applicable laws.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers. If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to personal data processed by a publisher or a website using Matomo Analytics, please contact the publisher first.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact our privacy team:
privacy@matomo.org
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or a supervisory authority responsible for protecting your privacy rights, e.g.:
New Zealand: Office of the Privacy Commissioner: https://www.privacy.org.nz/about-us/contact/
UK: Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
EU: select the appropriate authority from the list provided by European Data Protection Board https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
Australia: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: https://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us/
Rest of the world: please contact us on privacy@matomo.org and we can provide you with the details of the appropriate authority.
Children’s Privacy
Our websites and products are not intended for children or minors. We do not knowingly collect children’s or minors’ personal data. Any accounts created by a child or a minor without parental consent and brought to our attention will be deleted as required by law.
Who We Share Your Personal Data With
A. Processors
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data processing and/or service offerings. These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to treat any information we share with them as confidential and to process personal data only according to our instructions.
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Our legal basis for processing
Data location and security
Personal data collected by the third party
Privacy Terms
AlwaysData S.à r.l.
,
Secure infrastructure for website servers, databases and logs
Contract (customers, potential customers)
Legitimate interest (other data subjects):
security
Europe, France
IP address (stored for 30 days for security reasons), contact information provided via forms, subscriptions or queries
Processing covered by
DPA
Atlassian Pty Limited and Atlassian, Inc.
Company work management
Legitimate interest
workflow management
USA
name, email address, role of customers
Processing covered by
DPA
Calendly LLC
To book calls with customers, prospective customers or applicants
Contract
USA
Name, email, time zone and date of appointment
Processing covered by
DPA
ChartMogul Ltd
Customer relationship management analytics
Legitimate interest
analysis of data from prospects, leads or customers to improve products, sales and marketing
Germany
B2B customer/prospect: job title, name, phone number, email address.
Processing covered by
DPA
Dovetail Research Pty Ltd
To transcribe, summarise, and process your feedback given in video interviews using
AI tools
Consent
Australia and the EU
Video recording of the interview, transcript, contact details, personal information given during the interview
Processing covered by DPA (available on request) including
AI terms
Employ, Inc. (previously Lever)
To receive job applications and reply to applicants
Contract
USA
All candidate information, resume, references, when staff come onboard after recruitment (successful candidates): Job application details (Email, name, CV/resume, IP address), etc.
Processing covered by
DPA
HappyScribe Ltd.
Transcription of calls with customers and prospective customers
Consent
Ireland
Name, email address, role of customers
Link
Help Scout, PBC
To receive and reply to your messages after you contact us
Consent:
processing and responding to visitors
Contract:
providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate Interest:
internal communication and management of customer support tasks workflow
USA
Message sent, Name, Email, if included in the email: contact address, job title, company name, company contact details.
Processing covered by
DPA
HubSpot, Inc.
To send marketing materials;
To receive webinar signup confirmation, reminder and follow-up emails
Consent
EU
Email
Processing covered by
DPA
HubSpot, Inc.
CRM system
Legitimate interest:
Processing data from prospects, leads or customers, analysing and improving marketing strategies
EU
Name, email, job title, company name, company contact details, sale details, account type, number of authorised users, requirements, account activation, etc.
Processing covered by
DPA
Intuition Machines
Authorisation
Legitimate interest
ensuring security and authorisation
USA
IP address numbers, device information.
Processing covered by
DPA
MadMimi
(owned by
GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC)
To send you our newsletter emails after you sign up
Consent
USA
Email
Processing covered by
DPA
Microsoft France SAS
Use Microsoft 365 to manage workflows, files and documentation; email correspondence; meetings and scheduling
Consent:
processing and responding to visitors
Contract:
managing and providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate interest (in other cases):
workflow, file and documentation management;
correspondence;
meeting scheduling
France, EU
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name; 

Correspondence; 

Associated Matomo account; 

Billing address, subscriptions and payment history
Processing is covered by DPA (available on request)
Productboard, Inc
To collate and process product and services feedback
Legitimate interest:
processing product and services feedback
USA
Work title and company name, any personal data included in the feedback.
Processing is covered by DPA (available on request)
Slack Technologies Limited
(Ireland)
Used for internal company communications
Legitimate interest:
internal chat tool to discuss projects, requests, workflow, operations
TBC
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name;
Correspondence;
Associated Matomo account;
Billing address, subscriptions and payment history;
Processing covered by
DPA
Userlike UG
To be able to chat with you
Consent
Germany
IP Address, Chat transcript, Email address, Browser, Operating system, Device, Number of page requests, Number of page visits, Referrer, URL (where the chat originated), Questionnaire before and after the chat (optional), Chat topic, Chat status (new, pending, closed), Chat evaluation after the chat, Duration of the chat, Date of the chat, Geo location (voluntary, optional), Media files shared by the contact with the operator during the chat
Processing covered by
DPA
UXtweak j.s.a.
To collect user/customer feedback
Consent
Slovenia
Name, email, job title, company, feedback
Processing covered by
DPA
Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd.
To host customer feedback surveys
Legitimate interest:
collect customer feedback;
improve product and services
EU
Customer email and feedback
link
(DPA available on request)
B. Third party services we use
When you visit our websites, or purchase products or services, we use the following third party services providers who collect and process your data as data controllers or joint controllers with us. These providers may collect personal data beyond the data we collect about you.
Please refer to the privacy policies of these third parties for full information about what personal data these third parties collect about you, how they process the data, on what legal basis and how to exercise your data subject rights against them.
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Our legal basis for processing
Data location and security
Examples of personal data collected by the third party
Third party Privacy Policy
Cognism Limited
To enable customer and prospective customer data enrichment in B2B (business to business) context. This is to enable us to tailor our communications with you to better fit your needs and to better understand our customer base.
Legitimate interest
sales and marketing
customisation of communications
product development
UK, Croatia
Company (employer company and company details), Job Title, Industry, Office location (including city), Business telephone number, Business email address, LinkedIn URL. In some cases we may receive from Cognism information about your previous employers and titles.
    
    You can
opt out of Cognism Data
processing or opt out from us enriching your data by completing this
form
.
link
Communiteq Q B.V.
(previously Discourse Hosting)
To enable users to create an account on Matomo forum and participate in the forum.
Contract
Germany
Email address, Username, Name, Password, Posts
link
Quickchannel AB
To sign up for live webinar, receive confirmation, reminder and follow-up emails and participate in live webinars; to control live webinar access
Contract
Sweden (EU)
Name, Email, Company, Phone number, IP address, Browser information, Operating system, Type of device, Screen size, Internet connection
link
PayPal Pte. Ltd.
(PayPal Braintree)
To receive payments
Contract
USA Singapore
Username, password, names, e-mail, payment information, phone number, billing address
link
Youtube
(operated by
Google LLC
)
Social media content provision and interactions
To embed video files on our websites. We use Privacy Enhanced Mode to prevent your viewing of the embedded content being used to personalise your YouTube browsing experience
Legitimate interest (content creation and user interaction)
or
Consent (if required for specific processing, e.g., embedding content on our website)
USA
At minimum your IP address, data processing in local storage and possibly cookies. If you are logged into Google account, Google may merge this action with your account.
link
Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
To conduct meetings with customers and prospective customers
Contract
USA
Profile info (unique user ID); profile picture; Diagnostic Data (event logs, session information, host and participant information);Telemetry data (data collected from devices, microphone, speaker, hard disk ID, MAC address); other service data;  Customer authentication data; session content, chat messages, customer initiated cloud recordings; meeting and participant info, stored chat info, etc.
link
C. When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
Looker Studio Integration
: We provide the
Matomo Connector
(the “Connector”), designed to facilitate the seamless integration of your Matomo On-Premise account data with Looker Studio. Should you choose to activate or utilise the Matomo Connector, please be aware of the following:
Data Export
: Upon activation of the Matomo Connector, all data stored within your Matomo account will be exported to Looker Studio. This transfer is initiated by you and is under your control.
Data Privacy
: Once your data is exported to Looker Studio, it will be governed by the applicable
Looker Studio terms of service and policies
provided by Google. We strongly advise you to review their terms and policies and understand the implications before initiating the data transfer.
Privacy Considerations
: Transferring data, especially visitor data, to external platforms can have privacy implications. It's crucial to ensure that you have the necessary permissions and have considered the privacy ramifications of such a transfer.
Exclusive Connector Use
: To ensure the security and privacy of your data, we recommend exclusively using the
Matomo Connector
for this integration. Avoid using third-party connectors or tools for Looker Studio that claim compatibility with Matomo, as we cannot vouch for their security or data handling practices.
International transfers
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we receive it in New Zealand on the basis of adequacy decision. For the above processors and third-party services, we transfer your personal  data to a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or the processing takes place in the context of the use of third-party services or the disclosure or transfer of data to other persons, bodies or companies, only in accordance with the applicable legal requirements.
Specifically, for the above processors and third-party services, we process or allow the data to be processed on the basis of adequacy or standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission, subject to data transfer impact assessments where required. More information on this is available from us upon request.
Retention of data
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect our legal rights.
We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymised information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our websites, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
Data security is important to us. We process your personal data securely, using appropriate technical and organisation measures designed to protect your data from unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or loss. Some of the measures applied by InnoCraft include: use of secure cloud infrastructure compliant with a number of information security standards, access controls, bug bounty, in-transit and at-rest encryption, response and tracking of security risks and availability controls.
If you have any concerns about the security of your personal data, please contact us immediately using the contact details provided below.
Automated decision-making including profiling
We do not perform automated decision making or profiling.
Privacy Policy changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we’ll let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the website or by sending you an email. Once posted on this website, the amended Privacy Policy will be effective as of the Effective Date stated above.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or how your personal data is processed, please contact us by emailing
privacy@matomo.org
or via the contact form:
matomo.org/contact
.
If you are based in New Zealand, you can write to us at our registered address: InnoCraft Limited, 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand, Attention: Privacy Officer.
We aim to respond to your inquiries as soon as reasonably possible. If you want to give us feedback on how we handled your request, please let us know. We are always trying to improve.
EU Representative
Because InnoCraft is located outside of the EU and UK, the InnoCraft team has named a representative of controllers or processors not established in the EU or the EEA and in the UK (Art. 27 GDPR):
If you are a resident of the EU or the EEA, you can contact:
ePrivacy Holding GmbH
Burchardstraße 14
20095 Hamburg
Germany
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
If you are a resident of the UK, you can contact:
UK Representative Service for GDPR Ltd.
7 Savoy Court
London WC2R 0EX
United Kingdom
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
External Data Protection Officer
If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please contact them by post, as communication by e-mail could always have security gaps.
Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company InnoCraft.
External Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr.
Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg
Germany
Sub-policy 2
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools