Privacy Policy
Dave
2023-04-24T15:57:19+01:00
1. Statement of Intent
Supreme provides an online store for their customers at www.supremeoffers.co.uk, and an information site at www.supreme.co.uk. Supreme is committed to protecting the data you share with us. This privacy policy explains how Supreme processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (“Personal Data”) collected through the use of its sales team website and other customer communications.
Any information stored on Supreme’s platform is treated as confidential. All information is stored securely and is accessed by authorised personnel only. Supreme implements and maintains appropriate technical, security and organisational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure.
2. Submitting Personal Information
When you supply personal information to Supreme, we have legal obligations towards you in the way we deal with that information. In addition, we have to collect the information fairly.
If you wish to contact us you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name, address, and telephone number). Whenever you provide personal information, we undertake to treat that information in accordance with this policy.
3. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Supreme uses personal information to deal with inquiries, consultations and for providing services literature.
We may disclose personal data to our consultants, agents and representatives to do these things on our behalf.
Supreme does not sell personal information to any third parties. We generally do not share personal information with any third parties other than those mentioned above unless they agree to protect the privacy of personal information in the same manner we do or we are required by law to disclose the information.
We will only hold personal data on our systems for a strictly limited period of time. For the most part, the time period will be set as a matter of internal policy and will be the minimum necessary for our use.
4. Access to your Personal Information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information Supreme holds about you and your company to have any inaccuracies in the personal information corrected.
5. Direct Marketing
We may share your information with credit reference agencies and other companies for use in credit decisions, for fraud prevention and to pursue debtors. We would like to send you information about our own services by post, telephone and email.
To opt in/out of our marketing services, please email
marketing@supreme.co.uk
We may also offer you the opportunity to participate in consultation processes.
6. Users under age 18
If you are under 18 years of age, please make sure that you obtain your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to Supreme on its website or by other means.
7. Security of Personal Information
We share the general concern over the safety and security of personal information on the Internet and have implemented procedures to promote the safety and security of information we collect online. We have implemented industry standard controls to try to ensure confidentiality; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot, therefore, guarantee that personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
8. Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a website to a Visitor’s hard disk. They (Cookies) cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. By continuing to visit the website, you agree to the placement of cookies on your device. If you choose not to accept our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be. We may also place cookies from third parties for functional and marketing purposes. The use of cookies is widespread and benefits the surfer.
9. Website Visitors
By visiting supreme.co.uk or supremeoffers.co.uk, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data.
Supreme may collect, record and analyse information of Visitors to its website. We may record your IP address and use cookies. Supreme may add information collected by way of pageview activity. Furthermore, Supreme may collect and process any Personal Data that you volunteer to us in our website’s forms, such as when you register for an account or sign up for information and newsletters.
Such Personal Data may comprise your IP address, first and last name, your postal and email address, your telephone number, your job title, your areas of interest, interest in Supreme products, and certain information about the company you are working for (company name and address), as well as information as to the type of relationship that exists between Supreme and yourself.
Supreme gathers data about visits to the website, including numbers of Visitors and visits, Geo-location data, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where Visitors have come. Supreme uses the collected data to communicate with visitors, custom content for visitors and improve the website.
Please be aware that while visiting our site, Visitors can follow links to other sites that are beyond our sphere of influence. Supreme is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites.
10. Data Retention
Supreme will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. For Respondent data, Supreme’s Customers have control of the purpose for collecting data, and the duration for which the Personal Data may be kept. For Respondent data, Customers with an active account will therefore have the responsibility to delete data when required. When a user’s account is terminated or expired, all Personal Data collected through the platform will be deleted, as required by applicable law.
11. Data Protection Officer
Supreme has a “Data Protection Officer” who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. Our Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following address:
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4 Beacon Rd
Stretford
Manchester
M17 1AF
dpo@supreme.co.uk
For any further information, please
Contact Us
.