Skip to content
P.W GAMES PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated:
April 22, 2021
The following Privacy Policy outlines how your personal information is collected, used, disclosed and otherwise processed by P.W Games, LLC (“P.W Games,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) when you visit
https://pw.games
, our mobile apps, or any other site or application where this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Services”). P.W Games is located at 8500 Steller Dr., Building 7, Culver City, CA 90232, and is responsible for the content of the site as well as the collection and management of user information.
By accessing or using our Services, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Personal Information Collection and Use
We collect personal information you provide through our Services or give to us in any other way, including over the phone or on paper. In connection with these activities, we collect the following:
We receive personal information such as your name, email address, and telephone number when you communicate with us through the Services through the “Contact Us” page, apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with us. We may also collect any communications between you and P.W Games and any other information you provide to P.W Games. We will use your contact information to communicate with you directly about the Services and answer your questions, issues or concerns you or other users have; send you marketing communications, including news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners; or respond to employment opportunities for which you’ve applied.
If you create an account with us, we will collect first and last name, email address, and password.
When you interact with us through a social media site or third party service, such as when you like, follow, share or connect to P.W Games content on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram or other sites, we may receive information from the social network including your profile information and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. We use this information to communicate or interact with you on the social network, to better understand the demographics of our visitors and to personalize content and advertising. The data we receive from these third-party sites is dependent upon that third party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third party site. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Services.
When you use the Services, we collect information about such use, including the browser or device you use to access the Services, read our emails, or engage with us. This information is typically collected through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”), and we may utilize third party services to assist us with this effort. For example, we collect:
Information about your browser or device, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account, and other such information. We may also collect information about your geographical location data at the city level or may approximate your location by analyzing other information like an IP address.
Information about how you access and use the Services, such as the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the pages you visit, the links you click, how frequently you access the Services, and other actions you take on the Services.
We collect and use this information for internal purposes to: (a) provide access to features on our sites and applications; (b) provide customized content and information; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Services; (e) perform analytics and detect anonymous usage patterns on our Services for use by P.W Games; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, (h) otherwise to plan for and improve our Services; and (i) to otherwise support the operations of the Services.
We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services and to understand more about our users by monitoring aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website. You can learn more about Google’s practices at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
and view its currently available opt-out options at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies.
Please note that not accepting cookies may negatively impact your experience using the Services, as some features and services on our Services may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies and you may not be able to block non-cookie technologies and these browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on such techniques.  You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed your e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
Sharing of Personal Information
We share personal information in the following ways:
We share personal information with third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who perform functions or services on our behalf and under our instructions to support our Services’ operations. For example, we may share personal information with service providers for auditing, compliance, corporate governance functions, identifying and serving contextual advertisements, mailing services, contest and sweepstakes fulfilment, and web hosting.
From time to time, we may share personal information with third parties with whom we partner to provide contests and sweepstakes or other promotions. If these promotional partners will use your personal information in a manner which differs from this Privacy Policy, we will identify the Partner and relevant data practices in the Official Rules of the contest or sweepstakes.
We may share personal information:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of us, our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud;
to reduce credit risk and collect debts owed to us;
to protect the health and safety of us, our customers, or any person; or
as otherwise required by applicable law.
We may share personal information as part of a corporate business transaction, such as in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. We may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on any affected service of any change in ownership, as well as any choices you may have regarding Personal Information about you as a result of the transaction.
We may share personal information about you with other third parties, as disclosed with you when we collect your personal information, and with your consent.
We may share personal information about you with our brands and affiliates who may use your information in the same way as described in this privacy policy.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
Control Over Your Information
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications.  We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. Note that you may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, technical and security notices).
If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting your information, or if you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, you can contact us directly at
support@pw.games
.  We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances, unless required by applicable law.
Children’s Privacy
This Privacy Policy and our Services are designed to comply with COPPA. Our Service is intended for users of all ages and their families and we take special precautions to protect the privacy of our users, regardless of age.
Please note:
P.W Games offers a range of sites, services, and applications, some of which are directed to adults and others which are directed to families and users of all ages. Where we offer apps, websites or services that are directed to families and we ask for parental consent to collect personal information from a child under 13, we will explain our collection and use of that information in a Children’s Privacy Policy specific to the particular app, website or online service.  Please review the policies specific to each P.W Games site, app, or online service you use to learn more.
Much of our Services collect only limited amounts of personal information, if any, and we strive to minimize the data we could potentially collect from children under 13 without first asking for parental consent. For example:
We may collect a persistent identifier and other device and usage information when a user visits our website or uses the Service, such as an IP address or a partial IP address, location (at the city level), browser or device type, and a unique identifier which allows us to uniquely identify the browser, device, account, or application, as well as account usage information such as the day/time stamp, referring/exit pages and URLs, pages viewed and similar information. We use this information to support the internal operations of our Service, in order to provide access to features, secure the Service, customize content and improve our sites and applications, generate reporting on website usage and other analytics, and to otherwise support our Service.
If we receive an email or customer support inquiry from a child, we may use the information in order to respond to the request and maintain such information only as long as necessary to address the communication. We do not direct promotional email communications to anyone we know to be under the age of 13.
We may share or disclose this personal information in a limited number of instances. For instance, we share data with our trusted vendors, third party service providers and individuals to provide services for us on our behalf, which may include analytics providers and hosting services. We may also share personal information if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of P.W Games, its users, or the public; or (e) as required or permitted by law. We may also share aggregate or de-identified information in a manner that cannot be reasonably used to identify an individual user.
We do not permit third parties to collect information from our website visitors over time for the purpose of serving targeted advertisements on our Services or on other websites and services. We have partnered with SuperAwesome and KIDOZ to show contextual advertisements on our Services in a COPPA-compliant manner. SuperAwesome and KIDOZ are certified by the ESRB under its COPPA safe harbor program.  KIDOZ is certified by kidSAFE and Privo under their COPPA safe harbor programs. For more information about SuperAwesome, please visit
https://www.superawesome.com
. For more information about KIDOZ, please visit
https://kidoz.net
.
We use Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services and we have taken steps to minimize this tracking activity, to the extent we have control over a third party’s practices. For example, we utilize Google’s “child-directed treatment” tag to alert Google that our Service may be directed to an audience that includes children and have enabled Google’s “restricted-data processing” by default.
In the event we discover we have collected information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA’s requirements, we will either delete that information or immediately seek parental consent. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13 in a manner inconsistent with COPPA, please contact us at
support@pw.games
.
Links to Third Party Websites and Services
Our Services may contain links to other sites. When you leave our site and go to another site, you are leaving the P.W Games environment, and those sites may have their own privacy policies, or no privacy policies at all. P.W Games is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites and those other sites have not agreed to our Privacy Policy. We do not sponsor, endorse, or otherwise recommend such sites or any products or services they may offer. In short, once you leave our Site, we are no longer responsible for the collection practices of the companies operating those sites. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and terms of use to understand how they collect, use, and share personal information.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information only for as long as reasonably necessary to maintain the Services, fulfill contractual obligations, meet legal and accounting obligations, and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may anonymize and/or aggregate personal information and store it in order to analyze aggregate metrics and trends.
Security of Personal Information
We take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect unauthorized access, alteration or destruction of all data located on and collected by our site. However, no security system is impenetrable, and no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Policy Changes
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date at the end of this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes that results in personal information being used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information was collected, we will notify you in any of the following methods: (1) by email to your registered email address, (2) by prominently posting the notice on our Services, or (3) through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification.
How to Contact Us
Please contact us at the mailing address, email, or phone number below with questions about our privacy policies and collection and use practices:
PW Games, LLC
8500 Steller Dr., Bldg. 7
Culver City, CA 90232
United States of America
Phone: 424.298.8234
Email:
support@pw.games
Notice for California Residents
This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California.  California law requires us to disclose certain information regarding the categories of personal information we collect. For purposes of this section, “personal information” has the meaning provided by the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes.  For example, we use personal information to fulfill your requests, process your transactions and provide our services to you; to communicate with you; for marketing and advertising purposes; to monitor, improve, and develop our products and Services; and to protect the security and integrity of our business, comply with legal requirements and obligations; for our business and operational purposes; and as otherwise permitted or required by law.
The personal information we collect may depend on the manner in which you use the Service. In the last 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, or other similar identifiers;
California customer records, such as birth date and payment information;
Commercial information, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered;
Internet/Network information, such as device information, logs and analytics data;
Geolocation data, such as precise location data from your device or generated based on your IP address; and
Inferences about your interests and preferences, generated from your use of our sites.
We collect this information directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates, from your browser or device when you visit our websites or use our apps, or from third parties that you permit to share information with us.
We share personal information with third parties for business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of those sales (see
Your Rights and Choices
below). The categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information may include:
other brands and affiliates in our family of companies;
our service providers and advisors,
promotional partners, if you participate in a promotion;
advertising partners and ad networks; and
analytics providers.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed all of the foregoing categories of personal information to third parties for a business purpose. In the previous 12 months, we have not sold personal information about you.
As a California resident, you may be able to request to exercise the following rights:
The Right to Know any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources of the personal information;
The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
The categories of personal information we have sold and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales to third parties. If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt-in, or to have a parent or guardian opt-in on your behalf, to such sales.
You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
You may submit a request to exercise your California Consumer Rights through one of the mechanisms described below. We will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one.  In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
To exercise your California Consumer Rights, please submit a request by:
Emailing
support@pw.games
with the subject line “California Rights Request, or
Filling out our
California Consumer Rights Request Form
.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information: We do not sell personal information. If this changes, we will update this policy and provide a mechanism to permit you to opt-out of data sales. We will not sell the information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative consent from the minor, or if the minor is under 13, from the minor’s parent or guardian.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with regard to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. In the past 12 months, we have not sold personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, as defined by the Shine the Light law.
Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our users, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time. To learn more about online tracking, and to opt out from certain CCPA sales involving online tracking data, please visit
www.privacyrights.info
or
www.optout.privacyrights.info
, or you may download an app for your mobile device at
www.youradchoices.com/appchoices
.
Notice for Nevada residents
Nevada residents may opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. We do not sell personal information as defined by Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
http://www.privacyrights.info/:
Skip to main content
Opt Out Tools
California consumers may use these tools to send requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) for this browser to opt out of the sale of personal information by some or all of the participating companies.
Using these tools, you can learn about the participating companies and their privacy practices. You can also send requests to opt out under the CCPA to some or all of these companies.
When you see this green icon, you can click on it and learn about the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) and send opt-out requests.
What is the CCPA?
CCPA was enacted to provide California consumers with transparency about how personal information is collected or used, and to provide them with certain rights. It goes into effect on January 1, 2020.
About This Tool
This Opt-Out Tool is provided by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA). DAA is an independent non-profit organization that establishes and enforces responsible privacy practices across the digital advertising ecosystem, providing consumers with enhanced transparency and control through multifaceted principles that apply to various types of data gathered in desktop, mobile web, or mobile app environments for a variety of purposes. The DAA also administers the
YourAdChoices
and
Political Ads
programs, and is led by leading advertising and marketing trade associations.
To report a problem with the Opt-Out Tool click
here
.
Back to Top