Cut The Rope Remastered
Overview
We are Paladin Studios B.V. and we make Cut The Rope Remastered. Paladin is based at Saturnusstraat 60, unit 76, 2516 AH Den Haag, The Netherlands. We make this game under license from ZeptoLab UK Limited in the U.K.
You can contact us at
privacy@paladin.com
if you have questions about your privacy or data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data.
Data collected – Apple data
The game collects the following data from players.
1. Information relating to the game is stored locally on the player’s device and also in Apple iCloud. This data includes information about a player’s progress through the game and is necessary for players to be able to continue their game where they last stopped playing. This data is not stored by or accessible to Paladin.
2. Information relating to achievements and leaderboards is stored on the player’s device and sent to Game Center on Apple iCloud. This data is not stored by or accessible to Paladin.
3. Device name data is collected by the game and stored by Apple Inc. in a player’s personal iCloud account in order to resolve conflicts between saved games by a single user on different devices. This data is not stored by or accessible to Paladin.
Underage players:
If you or the adult who created your Game Center ID set your age as underage, we do not collect any data. To change this, speak with the adult who controls your Game Center ID.
When you play Cut The Rope Remastered no other data is processed.
Who is affected
Cut The Rope Remastered data relates only to players of the Cut The Rope Remastered game.
What is data used for, and on what basis
The data is used to support the internal operations of the game, and a legitimate interest of Apple and Paladin to offer you all the functionality of the Cut The Rope Remastered game.
Disclosures to third parties
Paladin does not disclose to third parties any data relating to the game.
Data retention
As long as a player has an active game account, their data is stored in Apple’s iCloud system. This stored data ensures that players can continue playing the game where they most recently stopped playing and is used for no other purpose than to ensure the functioning of the game.
Paladin does not retain or store any other player data.
Permission and declining or withdrawing permission for data
Players may decline to store Game Center data in iCloud or to send data to Game Center. To turn off iCloud data storage, they must turn off iCloud in Apple Settings for our game. As a result, they will only be able to play in single player offline mode. To stop sending data to Game Center, they must sign out of Game Center in Apple Settings. As a result, they will not appear on leaderboards.
Young players
Protecting the privacy of children is of the utmost important to us and we do our best to meet both EU and U.S. standards. The game has been designed to be family friendly and to be suitable for use by children.
If you or the adult who created your Game Center ID set your age as underage, no data is collected. To change this, speak with the adult who controls your Game Center ID.
Do Not Track
For our website, we do not track players over time or across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Protection of stored data
Taking into account the nature, scope, context and purpose of the processing, we have taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect such data.
Transfer of personal data
We do not store any personal data and so there is no personal data to transfer to other countries.
Your Rights
You have the right to request access to your personal data that is processed. You also have the right to:
Rectify incorrect personal data or erase it in certain circumstances.
Restrict or object to the processing of your personal data.
Receive your data so that you can use it elsewhere (data portability).
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please write us at
privacy@paladin.com
. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe, but at least within 4 weeks. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local EU data protection authority for unresolved complaints.
Note that where Apple processes your personal data, you have to request the above with Apple.
Version information
This notice was last updated on 11 February 2021. When we change our data protection practices, we will update this notice. It can be viewed on:
https://paladinstudios.com/privacy-policy-ctr/
.