Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when you use our mobile applications (the “App”, “our App”).
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information We Process
1) Personal Information
Through our app, we will not collect any of your personal information while you use our Service. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, user name, home address, telephone, email address etc ("Personal Information"). We will not collect this information for any purpose.
2) Information may be automatically collected
Anonymous, non-personal information. Such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, your browser’s language etc. Non-personal information can be used, for example, in marketing, auditing, to provide or to improve our services and also to develop new services.
3)
We Do Not Collect Face Data
In order to experience the full features of the app, some functions may need to recognize your face. We may use face recognition technology to recognize faces in videos and camera experiences. Specifically, we may use information to provide users with more suitable contents and to apply animated stickers on the appropriate position. Such information cannot be used for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned features only. When the content recommendation is finished, the facial mark information is discarded. All videos/information are realtime processed and will be deleted automatically after the process ends.
And these videos will not be uploaded to any web servers and will not be shared with any third parties.
Device Permissions
1)  Camera and Photo Album Permission
For full access of our functions and adequate performance of the app, we need your authorization to access your Camera and Photos, then you can shoot video and apply sound effects/animated stickers. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album. You can also disable such access permission in settings of your phone if you do not think it’s necessary.
2)  Microphone permission
Used for recording voice and shooting videos with voice. Then you can add sound/video effects.
3) Storage permission
Used for accessing shared external storage. You can save your modified voice/video.
Please note that we do not take any information, photos or other content from your device. We do not collect, store your data in our servers; we do not share your data with any third parties.
Third-party Disclosure
The security of your Personal Information is always important to us. Therefore, we do not store your Personal Information on our servers; we do not share your user information with any third parties; we do not sell or trade your Personal Data to any third parties.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us within the app.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it