PRIVACY POLICY / DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG
English
/ Deutsch (s.u.)
We, Asana Rebel GmbH, Dessauer Str. 28-29, 10963 Berlin, respect your privacy. As a user of any of the Asana Rebel / Feather websites, our applications, or other services (hereinafter collectively the “Asana Rebel Services”), your privacy is protected, and we feel a strong commitment to protect your privacy. The purpose of this Data Privacy Policy is to explain to you which personal data and non-personal data are collected by us and how we use such data.
This Data Privacy Policy is part of our General Terms and Conditions and applies to all Asana Rebel Services. Therefore please carefully read this Data Privacy Policy.
If you do not accept this Data Privacy Policy and the consents associated therewith, please do not use the Asana Rebel Services.
Last revised: December 2019
1.    General provisions
To be able to use our services, you must register. Already during the registration process you will provide certain personal data to us. How we use such data and what rights you have in connection therewith is explained in this Data Privacy Policy.
You will also transfer certain information to us when you access our websites or Apps, e.g., your IP address. We will also receive data about which terminal device (computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) you are using, which browser (Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, etc.) you are using, the time at which you access the website, the so-called referrer, and the data volume transferred.
Such data cannot be used by us to identify the user. They are used for statistical purposes only. Such analyses help us make our services more attractive and, if necessary, to improve our services.
2.    What are personal data?
The term “personal data” is defined by the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and, after its effective date, the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can think of your personal data as any data that allow you to be identified or that can be correlated to you. Such data include, for example, your name and contact information. We need some of this information so that we can offer you our Asana Rebel Services.
On the other hand, “non-personal” data cannot be correlated to any specific user. By removing identifiable parts from and anonymizing personal data, personal data can be converted into “non-personal data.”
3.    How are personal data collected and processed?
Personal data is collected by us if you provide such data to us on your own initiative. This happens, for example, when you contact us or other members, i.e., when you open your Asana Rebel Services user account, sign up for a subscription, upload a profile photo, or use our services to send messages. We will use personal data you have provided to us only if and to the extent necessary for providing our services and handling of the contract or if you have consented that we may use your data for the purposes described in this Data Privacy Policy.
Your personal data will be stored for as long as this is necessary for achieving the defined purposes. If you cancel your user account, we will also erase or block your personal data. An exception applies only if we have a legal obligation to archive data for a certain time period.
4.    What are log files?
A log file automatically logs all or defined actions on a computer system. Such log files are important, for example, for process control and automation. In the case of databases a log file tracks changes to the database of correctly executed transactions. In the event of an error (e.g., a system crash), this allows the current dataset to be restored. Log files are also created by web servers. Inter alia, the following data are logged: the address of the accessing computer, authentication fields, date and time of access, access method, content of HTML access, status code of the web server, and information about the browser and operating system used by the client.
Every time you access our website the aforementioned data will be automatically stored in log files.
5.    What are cookies and tracking pixels?
We collect information about visitors to our Websites and about users of our Apps in order to improve our services. For this purpose we use different kinds of so-called cookies and tracking pixels (a.k.a. web beacons).
A cookie allows a web server to place a text file (e.g., a clear ID) on your computer or smart phone/tablet. Cookies are used, for example, to automatically recognize you the next time you visit our websites or use the Feather App. The cookie is sent either by the web server to your browser or is generated by client-side scripting (e.g., JavaScript). Cookie data will be stored locally on your terminal device and in most cases will be effective only for a limited time period.
Websites that include flash media write user-specific data to your computer and later read such data. Such files are called flash cookies or local shared objects (LSO). Such files are not managed by your browser, but rather by the flash player plug-in. Flash cookies are subject to the same rules as conventional cookies. Flash cookies, too, can only be read by the website that caused those flash cookies to be placed. However, flash cookies can store a substantially greater volume of data.
Your browser offers extensive setting options to manage cookies. For example, you can deactivate cookies in your browser or limit cookies to certain websites. You can also program your browser to first notify you before a cookie is placed. You can also choose these settings on your mobile terminal devices. You can at any time manage cookies by changing the settings of your devices, delete cookies, or block cookies altogether.
You can also visit our website even if you block cookies on your terminal device. If you block cookies, the display of our website may however be impaired and not all functions may be available to you. You can also use the Apps without cookies. In that case, you may however no longer be able to use all functions of the App as conveniently.
Tracking pixels are small graphics in HTML e-mails or on websites. When you access such a website, your access to the tracking pixel will be recorded in a log file. This allows statistical analyses which, in turn, can be used to improve our services. You can set your e-mail program or your browser so that HTML e-mails will be displayed as text only, thereby preventing the use of some tracking pixels.
6.    Which types of data do we collect, process, and use?
We collect three types of data:
§  data you provide to us voluntarily,
§  data we receive when you use our services, and
§  data we receive from third parties.
In other words, we process and use data (including personal data) you make available to us voluntarily on the websites or through the Apps in various situations (e.g., when you send us an e-mail). We also use data that are collected automatically on our website or through the Apps. Finally, we may also receive data about you from third parties, for example when another user provides us with information about you.
It is therefore impossible to provide you with an exhaustive list of all possible types of data that we may possibly collect, process, and use. Typically, we collect, process and use the following data:
§  your name and address;
§  your personal contact information (telephone, e-mail, fax, etc.);
§  your username and password;
§  your user profile data (e.g., workout schedule);
§  your user preferences (e.g., preferred language settings);
§  your IP address, operating system, browser type, browser version, browser configuration, name of Internet provider, and any other relevant information regarding your computer and Internet connection in order to identify the type of your device, to connect you to the website, to exchange data with your (mobile) terminal device, or to ensure proper use of the website and Feather App;
§  the URL and IP address of the website from which you access our website or from which you are transferred to our website, including date and time;
§  any pages of our website on which you click during your visit, and any links on our website on which you click, including date and time;
§  the entire Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream regarding, through, and from the website, including date and time;
§  your service inquiries and your orders;
§  your transaction history, including open and completed transactions;
§  search terms you input;
§  information regarding your orders and payments;
§  information collected by cookies or similar technologies (as explained below);
§  your survey answers, critiques, evaluations, or other responses;
§  the content of all messages sent through our website or apps, including information uploaded to social networks or otherwise shared with us and/or other users, as well as chat messages and chat logs;
§  information about workouts you download using the our apps;
§  your newsletter subscriptions;
§  any consents you have given us;
§  any other information input or uploaded by you through our website or apps (e.g., information you provide when completing an online form, photos you upload); or
§  data we receive when you log in through social media (e.g., if you log in with Facebook).
7.    Where are data stored?
We use cloud services. This means we will transfer your data to a third party – the cloud services provider – and store data on the servers of that provider. In some cases, your data may also be stored on servers outside the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA). In some cases, your data may also be processed there. We either ensure through appropriate contracts that such service providers guarantee the same level of data privacy to which you are also entitled in the European Union or we use only providers that are EU-US Privacy Shield certified (https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome). Either alternative ensures an appropriate level data privacy.
8.    For what purposes are data used?
We will collect, process, and use your personal data and other data in particular for the following purposes:
§  to administrate, operate, maintain, and improve our services (apps, websites);
§  to allow and process orders for services placed by you through our websites or apps;
§  to customize your experience of our websites or apps (e.g., by tailoring content and offers to your personal preferences);
§  to assess your right to receive certain types of offers or services;
§  to support the improvement and customization of the Asana Rebel Services;
§  to analyze and research customer behavior;
§  to respond to your questions and inquiries;
§  to provide you with information about services that may be of interest to you;
§  to communicate with you about certain concerns;
§  to manage awards, surveys, winning games, lotteries, or other promotional activities or events;
§  to comply with our legal obligations to prevent any unlawful use of our websites or apps, to settle disputes, and to enforce our contracts;
§  for any other purposes to which you have consented in a particular case, or
§  otherwise as permitted by applicable law.
If required by law, we will ask for your consent before collecting, processing, or using your personal data for any of the aforementioned purposes.
We will also notify you if we want to use your personal data for a new or different purpose. We will use your personal data for such other purposes only if and to the extent necessary or permitted by applicable law or with your consent.
9.    Registration of an user account
You may create an user account through our login system. Following registration, you will be able to use your user account to subscribe to some or all Asana Rebel Services. To register, you must provide us with at least the following information:
§  first and last name,
§  e-mail address, and
§  password
Before completing the registration process, you must confirm that you have read our Data Privacy Policy and accept our General Terms and Conditions. Our Services also enable you to provide us with additional information, such as your gender, fitness level, and workout goals. After registering, you can add more information to your profile (e.g., a profile photo).
You can also link your user account to your Facebook profile. To do so, simply choose “Login with Facebook” during the registration process; you will then be transferred to Facebook. There, you will be shown to which Facebook data we will receive access. We will store your Facebook e-mail address. This is the e-mail address we will use to contact you, if necessary. We will also record the fact that you have registered through Facebook.
**10.    Collection, processing, and use of data in connection with our services **
During the registration process you will provide us with personal data, such as your name. After registering, you can add additional information to your user profile. If you do so, you will once again provide us with personal data. We will also receive data (including personal data) from you when you communicate with us or other users. If you create a workout schedule, we will receive information about which and how many workouts you have completed. We will also receive information about how you use the our app. In that case, too, you will provide us with personal data.
We use all such data to improve our products. For example, we will send you workout reminders to motivate you to work out with our App. We also use such data for marketing purposes.
For you to be able to use our services to the full extent, we will also need certain access rights to your smart phone. For example, we need access to your camera or your photos if you upload or want to change a profile photo. We use push messages to send you workout reminders or to notify you of new followers or comments. When you want to use such a function for the first time, we will ask you whether you grant us such access rights or we will ask you to grant us access by selecting the appropriate settings. Generally, you may revoke such access rights at any time by changing the appropriate settings.
11.    How to contact us
You can contact us by sending us messages at our e-mail address.
If you transmit personal data to us by e-mail, we will use such data only for the purpose for which you entrust us with such data when you contact us.
The same applies when you communicate with us by using a contact form.
12.    Newsletter
You can register for our newsletter. That way, you will receive regular updates about the our Services. All you need to receive our newsletter is a valid e-mail address. If you are no longer interested in receiving the newsletter, you may unsubscribe at any time using the link that is included in each newsletter.
13.    Cookies and tracking pixels
We use our own cookies and tracking pixels. As explained above, this will however allow no inferences as to your identity.
14.    Data processing – third-party services and partners
To be able to offer you all functions and services of the App in the most convenient way possible and to be able to continuously improve our product, we use third-party services and partners. We also use the assistance of third parties to improve our website. Finally, we use certain tools for our marketing. What tools we use and for what purposes is explained below:
14.1     Google
We use a number of different Google services (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy., Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.A. – hereinafter “Google”) for analysis and marketing purposes. These tools collect and statistically analyze data about your use of our services in different ways. We also use your data to show you personalized ads with the help of Google services. By using our website or our Asana Rebel Services, you consent that we may use your data for these purposes. In what follows, we will explain the different services and the ways in which you can to conveniently revoke your consent, and we  provide you with additional important information. Additional information about how Google handles data transmitted by us is available here:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/.
You can find additional information about how Google uses cookies in the data privacy policy of Google (https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/).
Information generated by Google tools is generally transferred to a server of Google in the United States and stored there. Google and its subsidiaries are EU-US Privacy-Shield certified.
14.1.1
Our app and our website use Google Analytics, a web analysis program of Google. Google Analytics uses cookies that are stored on your terminal device and allow an analysis of your use. We activate IP address anonymization so that IP addresses will first be truncated by Google within the European Union. On our behalf Google uses such information to analyze your use of our services as well as the use of our services by other users, and provides us with reports and other services. The IP address transmitted from your terminal device to Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data of Google. Google will transfer your data to third parties only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
You can prevent the collection and processing of information generated by the Google cookie by placing an opt-out cookie or deactivating Google Analytics in the menu of your terminal device. In the alternative, you can also install a browser plug-in, which you will find here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
14.1.2
DoubleClick by Google uses cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you. In the process, a pseudonymous identification number (ID) is assigned to you to monitor which ads have been shown in your browser and which ads have been clicked. Such cookies contain no personal information. DoubleClick cookies allow Google and its partner websites to show ads on the basis of previous visits to our website or other websites on the Internet. Information generated by such cookies is transferred by Google to a server in the United States for analysis, where it is stored. Google never merges your data with any other data of Google. Data is transferred to third parties by Google only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
If you wish to receive no personalized ads, you can place an opt-out cookie:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
You can also install the DoubleClick deactivation browser add-on. You will find this browser plug-in here:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
**14.1.3 **
Google AdWords: We use Google AdWords to advertise our offers. Following a search on Google, our ads will be shown in the areas designated for this purpose. Our website registers with the help of cookies how many users have found our services through our ads. We use such data to optimize our ads. A cookie is stored by Google when an ad is clicked. You can block the cookie by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. In that case, your visit to our website will not be included in anonymous user statistics.
If you wish to receive no personalized ads, you can place an opt-out cookie:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
You can block cookies, for example, by installing an appropriate browser plug-in, which is available here:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
14.1.4
In addition, we use Google Dynamic Remarketing functions on our website. This technology allows us to show automatically generated, target group-based ads following your visit to our website. The ads shown are based on products and services on which you clicked or which you viewed during your last visit to our website. Google uses cookies to generate interest-based ads. If you wish to receive no user-based ads from Google, you can deactivate ads by selecting the appropriate settings of Google.
If you wish to receive no personalized ads, you can place an opt out cookie:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
You can block personalized ads by installing the appropriate browser plug-in, which is available here:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
You can also block personalized ads from Google and other advertising networks by opting out on the following page:
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
**14.1.5 **
Firebase is a Google subsidiary with its registered office in San Francisco, CA, U.S.A. We use Firebase SDK and Google Analytics for Firebase for our Feather App. This tool allows us to use the same Google Analytics functions for an app that can also be used for websites. Firebase uses technologies that work similar to cookies, in particular advertising IDs. This way, we collect information about how you use the Feather App. We use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test our offers (e.g., A/B testing), and to improve our offers. In addition, we use such information for personalized advertising. By using our services you consent to our collection of such data. In addition, we use Firebase Remote Config to make changes to our Feather App.
If you do not wish that such data are collected, you may opt out at any time. You can conveniently do so, for example, by selecting the appropriate settings in your mobile terminal device. How you can prevent such data from being collected on your android device is explained, for example, here:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
On your iOS device you will find the appropriate setting under Settings > Data Privacy > Advertising.
**14.1.6 **
In addition, we use Crashlytics to analyze the application stability of our Feather App. Crashlytics is a subsidiary of Google. Crashlytics delivers analyses of errors and system crashes in real time, thereby facilitating maintenance of the application. In the process none of your personal data will be transmitted, but only crash reports with information about register codes and your device, e.g., type of device and version of operating system.
The diagnostic data collected are processed in the United States. Like Google and other subsidiaries of Google, Crashlytics is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.
Diagnostic information is subject to the data privacy policy of Crashlytics, which is available here:
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/.
14.2    Social plug-ins
We use the following social plug-ins for our website:
§  Facebook (operator: Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, U.S.A.)
§  Twitter (operator: Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, U.S.A.)
§  Google+ (operator: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.A.)
These plug-ins routinely collect data from you and transfer such data to servers of the provider.
Once activated, such plug-ins will also record your IP address. In addition, activated social plug-ins will place a cookie with a clear ID when the relevant website is accessed. This also allows providers to create profiles of your user behavior. Such a cookie is placed whether or not you are a member of the social network. If you are a member of a social network and are logged in when you visit our website or when you use the Feather App, data and information about your visit to our website or your use of the Feather App may be linked to your profile on the social network. Please note that we have no control over the exact extent to which your data will be collected by social network providers. For more information about the extent, type, and purpose of data processing and about rights and settings to protect your privacy, please refer to the data privacy policy of the relevant social network provider. These are available at the following addresses:
§  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
§  Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy/
§  Google+: https://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy/
14.2.1
We use the “Facebook Connect” function, so that you can register and log in with us using your Facebook account.
If you use Facebook Connect, Facebook profile data and public data from your Facebook profile will be transferred to us. Conversely, data may be transferred from us to your Facebook profile. Such data are used by us to register you on our website or for the Feather App or to allow you to log in. For this purpose we also store and process such data.
By registering on our website or for the Feather App with the help of Facebook Connect you consent that your profile data from your Facebook profile may be transferred to us and, conversely, that we may transfer data to Facebook.
Please also note that Facebook receives information through Facebook Connect about how you use our Feather App and our website.
For information about the purpose and extent of data processing, the further processing and use of data by Facebook, and your rights and setting options to protect your privacy, please refer to the data privacy policy of Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
14.3     Pinterest
On our website we use the “Pin it” button plug-in of Pinterest (Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, U.S.A.). When you visit our website this plug-in establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Pinterest server. This tells Pinterest that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you are logged into Pinterest during your visit, you can share content on Pinterest by clicking on the “Pin it” button. This way, Pinterest can also correlate your visit to our website to your Pinterest user account. Again, please note that as a provider of your website, we do not know the content of transferred data or how such data are used by Pinterest, nor do we have any control over this process. You will find the data privacy policy of Pinterest here:
https://de.about.pinterest.com/privacy/.
You can change the settings for the storage of your data here: https://help.pinterest.com/entries/25010303-How-does-Pinterest-use-data-about-other-websites-I-visit. You can do so whether or not you are a Pinterest user.
14.4    Adjust
Our Feather App and our website use the Adjust service of adjust GmbH (Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin). The Adjust service has been audited and certified in accordance with the ePrivacyseal (European Seal for Your Privacy) (see https://www.eprivacy.eu/vergebene-siegel/). This service allows us to monitor our marketing performance, to adjust our advertising campaigns, and to better understand, overall, how you use our app. To achieve this goal, we can, inter alia, monitor in real time how you interact with our app. For this purpose Adjust, for example, collects your IP address in anonymous form (as a hash value), and tracks when you install and open our Feather App for the first time, how you interact with the app, or on which ads you click.
Once collected, such data are not merged with any other data for personal identification purposes.
You may choose at any time that such data shall no longer be collected in the future. If so, please simply use the opt-out option of adjust at https://www.adjust.com/opt-out/.
14.5    Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 6), the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3), or the name of your provider (e.g., Vodafone). In addition, Amplitude tracks events that occur in our Feather App. Such events may, for example, be completed workouts. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our services.
Data collected by Amplitude Inc. in the United States is transferred to servers of Amplitude Inc. in the United States, where they are stored. Amplitude is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.
You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy.
14.6    Custom Audiences
We use the remarketing function “Custom Audiences” of Facebook Inc. (1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025). This function allows us to show visitors of our website and users of our Feather App interest-based ads when they visit Facebook (“Facebook ads”), and to analyze such Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes, which helps us optimize future advertising. For this purpose we use the so-called Facebook pixel (website) and Facebook SDK (Feather App).
Collected data are anonymous for us and allow no inferences as to your identity. Aside from us, Facebook however also stores and processes such data. Facebook may correlate such data to your user profile, and Facebook may also use such data for its own advertising purposes in accordance with the Facebook data privacy policy (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/).
Such data may allow Facebook and its partners to show ads on or off Facebook.
Facebook generally also stores such data on servers in the United States. Facebook is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.
You can generally block the placement of cookies on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, so that cookies will no longer be placed on your computer in the future and/or so that cookies that have already been placed will be deleted. If you do so, you may no longer be able to correctly use some functions on our website.
With the help of an appropriate opt-out cookie from Digital Advertising Alliance you can also completely deactivate advertising by third-party providers such as Facebook:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
In the alternative, you can deactivate the remarketing function “Custom Audiences” in your Facebook settings:
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#
=
To do so, you must be registered with Facebook.
15.    Transfer of data to third parties
Your personal data will be transferred to third parties only if we have a legal obligation to do so, if the data transfer is necessary for performance of the contract, or if you have consented to the transfer of your data. Third-party service providers and partner companies will receive your data only if and to the extent necessary for performance of the contract or with your consent. In such cases, the extent to which data are transferred will however be kept to the absolute minimum. To the extent that our service providers come into contact with your personal data, we will make sure that they too will comply with all applicable data protection laws. Please also read the data privacy policies of such third-party providers.
16.    Data security
Data transfers are generally subject to security gaps. It is technically impossible to protect your data 100% from access by third parties. However, we strive to minimize this risk as much as possible. We therefore maintain state-of-the-art measures to guarantee data security and to protect your data from access by third parties. In addition, we use strong SSL or TLS encryption for all data transfers. However, please make sure not to provide your login data to any third parties.
17.    Websites of third parties
We occasionally place links to websites of third parties. Although we carefully select such third parties, we make no guarantee and assume no liability for the correctness or completeness of content or data security of any third-party websites. Nor does this Data Privacy Policy apply to linked third-party websites. We assume no responsibility for data privacy policies or content of any other websites.
18.    Changes to this Data Privacy Policy
We may need to make changes to this Data Privacy Policy, for example if we add new functions or services to the app. We will however notify you of any changes and ask that you read and accept such changes before they are implemented by us.
19.    Your rights: information/revocation/erasure and data controller
You may at any time and at no cost demand information about your personal data that are processed by us, correction of any errors in your personal data, termination of processing of your personal data, or erasure of your personal data – subject to mandatory legal provisions or obligations to the contrary. To exercise these rights, simply contact us at any time by letter or e-mail at:
Asana Rebel GmbH
Dessauer Str. 28-29
10963 Berlin
E-mail: support@iwanttobe.fit
Managing directors: Pascal Klein, Robin Pratap
Recorded in the Commercial Register at the Local Court of Berlin Charlottenburg under number HRB 166253
VAT ID: DE300029725
External Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Große Bleichen 21, 20354 Hamburg
For all request concerning the security of your data you can contact our data protection officer at privacy@asanarebel.com.
If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer by postal mail. The communication by email can always be flawed by security gaps.
English (see above) / Deutsch
Wir, Asana Rebel GmbH, Dessauer Str 28-29, 10963 Berlin, respektieren Deine Privatsphäre. Als Nutzer der Asana Rebel Webseiten und Anwendungen oder sonstiger Dienstleistungen (nachfolgend zusammen „Asana Rebel Dienste“) soll Deine Privatssphäre geschützt sein und wir fühlen uns diesem Ziel besonders verpflichtet. Mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung wollen wir Dir erläutern, welche personenbezogenen und nicht-personenbezogene Daten wir sammeln und wie wir diese Daten verwenden.
Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen sind Teil unserer Geschäftsbedingungen und gelten für alle Asana Rebel Dienste. Lies diese Datenschutzerklärung deshalb bitte sorgfältig.
Wenn Du mit diesen Bestimmungen zum Datenschutz und den damit verbundenen Einwilligungen nicht einverstanden bist, nutze bitte keine Asana Rebel Dienste.
Stand: Dezember  2019
1.    Allgemeines
Um unsere Angebote nutzen zu können, musst Du Dich registrieren. Bereits im Rahmen des Anmeldeprozesses übermittelst Du uns einige personenbezogene Daten. Wie wir diese Daten nutzen und welche Rechte Du diesbezüglich hast, erfährst Du in dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Auch beim Aufruf unserer Webseiten oder Apps werden einige Informationen übertragen, z.B. Deine IP-Adresse. Wir erlangen auch Daten darüber, welches Endgerät (Computer, Smartphone, Tablet, etc.) Du benutzt, welchen Browser (Internetexplorer, Safari, Fire-Fox, etc.) Du verwendest und den Zeitpunkt des Zugriffs auf die Webseite, den sog. Referrer und übertragene Datenmengen.
Diese Daten können von uns nicht dazu verwendet werden, den einzelnen Nutzer zu identifizieren. Sie dienen statistischen Auswertungen. Solche Analysen helfen uns dabei, unsere Angebote attraktiver zu gestalten und deren Leistung bzw. Inhalte gegebenenfalls zu verbessern.
2.    Was sind personenbezogene Daten?
Der Begriff der „personenbezogenen Daten“ ist im Bundesdatenschutzgesetz definiert, nach Inkrafttreten der Europäischen Datenschutzgrundverordnung dort. Unter Deinen personenbezogenen Daten kannst du Dir alle Informationen vorstellen, mit denen Du als Person bestimmbar bist oder die Dir zugeordnet werden können. Dazu gehören zum Beispiel Dein Name und Deine Kontaktdaten. Manche dieser Daten benötigen wir, um Dir unsere Asana Rebel Dienste anbieten zu können.
„Nicht-personenbezogene“ Daten können hingegen keinem bestimmten Nutzer zugeordnet werden. Durch die Beseitigung der identifizierbaren Teile bzw. die Anonymisierung von personenbezogenen Daten können diese in „nicht-personenbezogene Daten“ umgewandelt werden.
3.    Wie werden personenbezogene Daten erhoben und verarbeitet?
Personenbezogene Daten werden von uns erfasst, wenn Du uns diese mitteilst. Dies geschieht beispielsweise, wenn Du mit uns oder anderen Mitgliedern in Kontakt trittst, also etwa, wenn Du Dein Nutzerkonto einrichtest, ein Abonnement abschließt, ein Profilfoto hochlädst oder in unseren Diensten Nachrichten versendest.
Wir verwenden die von Dir angegebenen personenbezogenen Daten nur soweit Deine Daten zur Erfüllung und Abwicklung unserer Dienstleistungen notwendig sind oder Du uns für die hier genannten Zwecke Deine Einwilligung erteilst.
Deine personenbezogenen Daten werden so lange gespeichert, wie dies zur Erfüllung der vorgesehenen Zwecke notwendig ist. Löschst Du Dein Nutzerkonto, löschen bzw. sperren auch wir Deine personenbezogenen Daten. Anders verfahren wir nur, wenn gesetzliche Aufbewahrungsfristen eine Speicherung erforderlich machen.
4.    Was sind Logfiles?
Ein Logfile ist das automatisch geführte Protokoll aller oder bestimmter Aktionen auf einem Computersystem. Wichtig sind solche Logfiles etwa bei der Prozess-Kontrolle und Automatisierung. Im Bereich von Datenbanken bezeichnet ein Logfile diejenige Protokolldatei, in der Änderungen an der Datenbank von korrekt abgeschlossenen Transaktionen festgehalten werden. Im Falle eines Fehlers (z. B. Systemabsturz) kann damit der aktuelle Datenbestand wiederhergestellt werden. Logfiles werden außerdem von Webservern erstellt. Unter anderem werden folgende Angaben protokolliert: Adresse des aufrufenden Rechners, Authentifizierungsfelder, Datum und Uhrzeit des Zugriffs, Zugriffsmethode und Inhalt des HTML-Aufrufs, Statuscode des Webservers, Angaben über den eingesetzten Browser und das Betriebssystem des Clients.
Bei jedem Zugriff von Dir auf unsere Webseite werden automatisch diese Daten in Logfiles gespeichert.
5.    Was sind Cookies und Zählpixel?
Wir sammeln Informationen über die Besucher unserer Webseiten und Nutzer unserer Apps, um unsere Angebote zu verbessern. Dazu setzen wir verschiedene Arten von sogenannten Cookies und Zählpixel (auch Web Beacons genannt) ein.
Mithilfe eines Cookies kann ein Webserver, auf Deinem Rechner oder Smartphone/Tablet eine Textinformation (z.B. eine eindeutige ID) hinterlegen. Cookies werden z.B. dazu verwendet, um Dich bei einem erneuten Besuch unserer Webseiten oder Apps automatisch wiederzuerkennen. Der Cookie wird entweder vom Webserver an Deinen Browser gesendet oder per clientseitigem Scripting (etwa JavaScript) erzeugt. Die Cookie-Informationen werden lokal auf Deinem Endgerät gespeichert und haben meistens einen begrenzten Gültigkeitszeitraum.
Webseiten, die Flash-Medien einbinden, schreiben auf Deinem Rechner anwenderspezifische Daten und lesen sie später wieder aus. Diese Dateien heißen Flash-Cookies oder Local Shared Objects (LSO). Verwaltet werden diese Dateien nicht vom Browser selbst, sondern vom jeweiligen Flash-Player-Plugin. Flash-Cookies unterliegen denselben Regeln wie herkömmliche Cookies. Auch Flash-Cookies können nur von der Webseite ausgelesen werden, die ihre Speicherung veranlasst hat. Sie können jedoch eine wesentlich größere Informationsmenge speichern.
Dein Browser bietet umfangreiche Einstellungsmöglichkeiten zur Kontrolle solcher Cookies. Du kannst in Deinem Browser etwa das Speichern von Cookies deaktivieren oder auf bestimmte Webseiten beschränken. Du kannst auch einstellen, dass Dein Browser Dich immer erst benachrichtigt, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Auch auf Deinen mobilen Endgeräten kannst Du diese Einstellungen vornehmen. Über Deine Geräteeinstellungen kannst Du sie jederzeit selbst verwalten, sie löschen oder das Setzen von Cookies ganz unterbinden.
Du kannst unsere Webseite auch besuchen, wenn Du keine Cookies auf Deinem Endgerät erlaubst. Dadurch kann aber die Darstellung der Webseite beeinträchtigt werden und eventuell stehen Dir nicht alle Funktionen zur Verfügung. Auch unsere Apps kannst Du ohne Cookies nutzen. Es kann aber sein, dass Du dann nicht mehr alle Funktionen der App so bequem nutzen kannst.
Zählpixel sind kleine Grafiken in HTML-E-Mails oder auf Webseiten. Rufst Du die betreffende Seite auf, wird dieser Zugriff auf den Zählpixel in einer Logdatei festgehalten. Das erlaubt eine statistische Auswertung und die wiederum kann genutzt werden, um die Angebote zu verbessern. Du kannst in Deinem E-Mail-Programm oder in Deinem Browser einstellen, dass HTML-E-Mails nur als reiner Text anzeigt werden und so den Einsatz von einigen Zählpixeln verhindern.
6.    Welche Arten von Daten erheben, verarbeiten und verwenden wir?
Wir erheben drei Kategorien von Daten:
§  Daten die Du uns freiwillig mitteilst,
§  Daten die wir erhalten, wenn Du unsere Dienste nutzt,
§  Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wir verarbeiten und verwenden also solche (auch) personenbezogene Daten, die Du uns freiwillig über die Webseiten oder Apps in verschiedenen Situationen zur Verfügung stellst (z.B. wenn Du uns eine E-Mail sendest). Wir verwenden daneben Daten, die auf unseren Webseiten und unseren Apps von uns automatisch erhoben werden. Schließlich kann es auch sein, dass wir von Dritten Daten über Dich erhalten, etwa wenn ein anderer Nutzer uns etwas über Dich mitteilt.
Deshalb ist es unmöglich, Dir eine erschöpfende Liste aller möglichen Arten von Daten, die wir möglicherweise erheben, verarbeiten und verwenden, zu erstellen. Üblicherweise umfassen die Daten folgende Angaben:
§  Name und Anschrift;
§  persönliche Kontaktdaten (Telefon, E-Mail, Fax usw.);
§  Benutzername und Passwort;
§  Angaben zum Benutzerprofil (etwa Workout-Kalender);
§  Benutzerpräferenzen (z. B. bevorzugte Spracheinstellungen);
§  IP-Adresse, Betriebssystem, Browsertyp, Browserversion, Browserkonfiguration, Name des Internetanbieters sowie sonstige relevante Angaben bezüglich Computer und Verbindung, um Deinen Gerätetyp zu identifizieren, die Verbindung zur Webseite herzustellen, den Datenaustausch mit Deinem (mobilen) Endgerät zu ermöglichen und die sachgemäße Nutzung der Webseiten bzw. Apps zu gewährleisten;
§  URL und IP-Adresse der Webseite, von der aus Du auf unsere Webseite zugegriffen hast oder weitergeleitet wurdest, einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit;
§  während des Besuchs auf unserer Webseite angeklickte Unterseiten, von der Webseite aus verfolgte Links, einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit;
§  den gesamten Uniform Resource Locator (URL)-Clickstream zu, durch und von der Webseite, einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit;
§  Serviceanfragen und aufgegebene Bestellungen;
§  die Transaktionshistorie, einschließlich offener und abgeschlossener Transaktionen;
§  eingegebene Suchbegriffe;
§  Angaben zu Bestellungen und Zahlungen;
§  durch Cookies oder ähnliche Technologien erhobene Informationen (wie nachstehend erläutert);
§  Antworten in Umfragen, Kritiken, Bewertungen und sonstige Rückmeldungen;
§  Inhalte sämtlicher über die Webseiten oder Apps gesendeter Mitteilungen, einschließlich in soziale Netzwerke auf der Webseite oder auf sonstige Weise mit uns und/oder anderen Benutzern geteilte Angaben sowie Chat-Nachrichten und Chat-Protokolle;
§  Informationen über über die in unseren Apps heruntergeladenen Workouts und Objekte;
§  Newsletter-Abonnements,
§  erteilte Zustimmungen;
§  sämtliche sonstigen von Dir auf unseren Webseiten oder Apps eingegebenen oder darauf hochgeladenen Informationen (z. B. Inhalte beim Ausfüllen eines Online-Formulars, ein von Dir hochgeladenes Foto)
§  oder Daten, die wir im Rahmen eines Login über Social Media erhalten (etwa bei einem Facebook Login).
7.    Wo werden die Daten gespeichert?
Wir verwenden Clouddienste. Wir übermitteln Deine Daten also an einen Dritten – den jeweiligen Clouddienstleister – und speichern Deine Daten auf dessen Servern. Teilweise werden Deine Daten deshalb auch auf Servern außerhalb des Gebietes der Europäischen Union (EU) oder eines Vertragsstaates des Abkommens über den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) gespeichert. Es kann auch vorkommen, dass Deine Daten dort verarbeitet werden. Wir stellen entweder über Verträge sicher, dass diese Dienstleister dasselbe Datenschutzniveau gewährleisten, wie Du es auch in der Europäischen Union verlangen kannst oder nutzen nur solche Anbieter, die unter dem sogenannten EU-US Privacy-Shield zertifiziert sind (https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome). Auch letzteres stellt sicher, dass ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau erreicht wird.
8.    Zu welchen Zwecken werden Daten verwendet?
Wir erheben, verarbeiten und verwenden Deine personenbezogenen und sonstigen Daten insbesondere zu den folgenden Zwecken:
§  um die Asana Rebel Dienste zu verwalten, zu betreiben, zu pflegen und zu verbessern;
§  um Dienstleistungsbestellungen zu ermöglichen und zu bearbeiten;
§  um Dir eine individuellere Erfahrung unserer Dienste zu bieten (z. B. indem wir Inhalte und Angebote Deinen persönlichen Präferenzen anpassen);
§  um Deine Berechtigung zu bestimmten Arten von Angeboten oder Dienstleistungen zu beurteilen;
§  um die Verbesserung und Personalisierung der Asana Rebel Dienste zu unterstützen;
§  zur Analysen und zur Erforschung des Kundenverhaltens;
§  um auf Deine Fragen und Anfragen zu antworten;
§  um Dir Informationen über Dienstleistungen, die für Dich interessant sein könnten, zukommen zu lassen;
§  um mit Dir über bestimmte Belange zu kommunizieren;
§  um Auszeichnungen, Umfragen, Gewinnspiele, Verlosungen oder andere Aktivitäten oder Veranstaltungen zur Verkaufsförderung zu verwalten;
§  um gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zu genügen, der rechtswidrigen Verwendung der Webseite oder Feather App entgegenzuwirken, Streitigkeiten beizulegen und unsere vertraglichen Vereinbarungen durchzusetzen;
§  zu sonstigen Zwecken, denen Du im Einzelfall zugestimmt hast; und
§  auf sonstige Weise im Rahmen der anwendbaren Gesetzesvorschriften.
Wenn dies gesetzlich erforderlich ist, bitten wir Dich vor Erhebung, Verarbeitung und Verwendung Deiner personenbezogenen Daten zu den oben genannten Zwecken um Deine Einwilligung.
Falls wir Deine personenbezogenen Daten zu einem neuen oder anderen Zweck verwenden möchten, teilen wir Dir dies ebenfalls mit. Für diese andere Verwendung nutzen wir Deine personenbezogenen Daten nur, sofern dies im Rahmen der anwendbaren Gesetzesvorschriften erforderlich oder zulässig ist oder Du zugestimmt hast.
9.    Registrierung Deines Nutzerkontos
Über unser Login-System kannst Du dir einen Nutzerkonto anlegen. Damit kannst Du Dich nach der ersten Registrierung bei allen Diensten anmelden. Für die Registrierung benötigen wir mindestens folgende Daten:
§  Vor- und Nachnamen
§  E-Mail-Adresse
§  Passwort
Bevor Du die Registrierung abschließt, musst Du uns bestätigen, dass Du unsere Datenschutzbestimmungen zur Kenntnis genommen hast und unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen akzeptierst. In unseren Apps hast Du außerdem die Möglichkeit, weitere Daten, wie Dein Geschlecht und Deinen Trainingsstand sowie Dein Trainingsziel mitzuteilen. Nach der Registrierung kannst Du Dein Profil noch weiter vervollständigen (etwa mit einem Profilfoto).
Daneben hast Du die Möglichkeit, Dein Nutzerkonto mit deinem Facebook-Profil zu verknüpfen. Im Anmeldeprozess musst Du hierfür einfach „Login mit Facebook“ auswählen; dann wirst Du zu Facebook weitergeleitet. Dort wird Dir angezeigt, auf welche Facebook-Daten wir Zugriff erhalten. Wir speichern Deine bei Facebook hinterlegte E-Mail-Adresse. Diese nutzen wir dann gegebenenfalls, um mit Dir in Kontakt zu treten. Wir speichern außerdem, dass Du Dich über Facebook angemeldet hast.
10.    Datenerhebung, Verarbeitung und Nutzung im Rahmen der Feather App
Im Rahmen des Registrierungsprozesses übermittelst Du uns personenbezogene Daten, etwa Deinen Namen. Du kannst danach Dein Benutzerprofil vervollständigen. Auch hier übermittelst Du uns personenbezogene Daten. Ebenso erhalten wir (auch personenbezogene) Daten von Dir, wenn Du mit uns oder anderen Mitgliedern innerhalb unserer Apps kommunizierst. Wenn Du einen Workout-Kalender führst erhalten wir Informationen darüber, welche und wie viele Workouts Du absolviert hast. Darüberhinaus erfahren wir, wie Du unsere Apps nutzt. Auch hier übermittelst Du uns personenbezogene Daten.
Alle diese Daten nutzen wir, um unsere Produkte zu verbessern oder Dich bei Deinem Training zu unterstützen. So schicken wir Dir beispielsweise Erinnerungen an Workouts, um Dich dazu zu motivieren, mit unserer App zu trainieren. Wir nutzen Diese Daten auch für Marketingzwecke.
Damit Du die App im vollen Umfang nutzen kannst, benötigen wir außerdem einige Zugriffsrechte auf Deinem Smartphone. So müssen wir etwa auf Deine Kamera oder Deine Fotos zugreifen können, wenn Du Dein Profilfoto hochladen bzw. ändern willst. Wir nutzen Push-Nachrichten, um Dir Erinnerungen an Deine Workouts zu schicken, oder Dich über neue Follower oder Kommentare zu informieren. Wenn Du jeweils das erste Mal eine solche Funktion nutzen möchtest, fragen wir Dich danach, ob Du uns diese Zugriffsrechte einräumst bzw. bitten Dich darum, uns diesen Zugriff in den Einstellungen zu gewähren. Diese Zugriffsmöglichkeit kannst Du uns in der Regel auch jederzeit wieder in den Einstellungen entziehen.
11.    Kontakt zu uns
Du hast die Möglichkeit, uns über unsere E-Mail-Adresse Nachrichten zu schreiben.
Übermittelst Du uns hierbei personenbezogene Daten, verwenden wir diese nur zu dem Zweck, zu dem Du uns diese bei der Kontaktaufnahme anvertraust.
Gleiches gilt, wenn Du mit uns über ein Kontaktformular kommunizierst.
12.    Newsletter
Du kannst Dich für unseren Newsletter registrieren. Wir informieren Dich dann mit regelmäßigen Updates über alle Neuigkeiten rund um die Asana Rebel Dienste. Hierzu benötigst Du lediglich eine gültige E-Mail-Adresse.
Falls kein Interesse an unseren Inhalten mehr besteht kannst Du Dich jederzeit vom Newsletter abmelden. In jedem Newsletter findest Du einen entsprechenden Link.
13.    Cookies und Zählpixel
Wir verwenden eigene Cookies und Zählpixel. Wie oben erläutert können wir dadurch aber keine Rückschlüsse auf Deine Person ziehen.
14.    Datenverarbeitung –externe Dienste und Partner
Damit wir Dir in der App alle Funktionen und Services möglichst einfach anbieten und unser Produkt stetig verbessern können, binden wir externe Dienste und Partner ein. Auch um unsere Webseite zu verbessern, bedienen wir uns der Hilfe Dritter. Schließlich nutzen wir Werkzeuge auch dazu, unser Marketing zu unterstützen. Welche Werkzeuge wir wofür nutzen, erklären wir Dir hier:
§  Google
Wir verwenden für unsere Analyse- und Marketingzwecke eine Reihe von Google-Diensten (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA – fortan „Google“). Durch diese Werkzeuge werden auf verschiedenen Wegen Daten über Dein Nutzungsverhalten gesammelt und dieses statistisch ausgewertet. Deine Daten nutzen wir auch, um Dir mit Hilfe der Google-Dienste personalisierte Werbung zu zeigen. Wenn Du unsere Webseite und unsere Asana Rebel Dienste nutzt, erklärst Du Dich hiermit einverstanden. Über die verschiedenen Dienste, Deine Möglichkeiten Deine Einwilligung auf einfachem Wege zu widerrufen und weitere für Dich wichtige Informationen klären wir Dich im Folgenden auf. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Google mit den von uns übermittelten Daten umgeht, findest Du hier: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Google Cookies verwendet, kannst Du in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google (https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/) nachlesen.
Die durch Google Werkezuge erzeugten Informationen werden in der Regel an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Google und dessen Tochterunternehmen sind im Rahmen des EU-US Privacy-Shield zertifiziert.
§  In unserer App und auf unserer Webseite nutzen wir Google Analytics, ein Webanalyse-Programm von Google. Google Analytics verwendet Cookies, die auf deinem Endgerät gespeichert werden und die eine Analyse Deiner Nutzung ermöglichen. Durch das von uns aktivierte IP-Anonymisierungs-Verfahren werden die erfassten IP-Adressen von Google darüber hinaus zuvor innerhalb der Europäischen Union gekürzt. In unserem Auftrag wird Google diese Informationen benutzen, um die Nutzung unserer Dienste durch Dich und andere Nutzer auszuwerten und uns entsprechende Reporte zu liefern sowie weitere Dienstleistungen zu erbringen. Die im Rahmen von Google Analytics von Deinem Endgerät übermittelte IP-Adresse wird nicht mit anderen Daten von Google zusammengeführt. Eine Übertragung der Daten durch Google an Dritte findet nur aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder im Rahmen der Auftragsdatenverarbeitung statt.
Du kannst die Erfassung und Verarbeitung der durch das Google-Cookie erzeugten Informationen verhindern, indem du ein Opt-out-Cookie setzt oder Google Analytics im Menü deines Endgerätes deaktivierst. Alternativ kannst Du auch ein Browser-Plug-in installieren, welches Du hier findest: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
§  DoubleClick by Google verwendet Cookies um Dir für Dich relevante Werbeanzeigen zu präsentieren. Dabei wird Deinem Browser eine pseudonyme Identifikationsnummer (ID) zugeordnet, um zu überprüfen, welche Anzeigen in Deinem Browser eingeblendet und welche Anzeigen aufgerufen wurden. Die Cookies enthalten keine personenbezogenen Informationen. DoubleClick-Cookies ermöglichen Google und seinen Partner-Webseiten die Schaltung von Anzeigen auf Basis vorheriger Besuche auf unserer oder anderer Webseiten im Internet. Die durch diese Cookies erzeugten Informationen werden von Google zur Auswertung an einen Server in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Keinesfalls wird Google Deine Daten mit anderen von Google erfassten Daten zusammenbringen. Eine Übertragung der Daten durch Google an Dritte findet nur aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder im Rahmen der Auftragsdatenverarbeitung statt.
Möchtest Du keine personalisierte Werbung erhalten, kannst Du einen entsprechenden Opt-out Cookie setzen:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
Außerdem kannst Du die DoubleClick-Deaktivierungserweiterung installieren. Dieses Browser-Plugin findest Du hier:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
§  Google AdWords: Wir nutzen Google AdWords, um auf unsere Angebote aufmerksam zu machen. Nach einer Suchanfrage bei Google, werden unsere Anzeigen in dafür vorgesehenen Bereichen angezeigt. Auf unserer Webseite wird mit Hilfe von Cookies registriert, wie viele Nutzer über eine unserer Anzeigen zu uns gefunden haben. Diese Daten nutzen wir dafür, unsere Anzeigen zu optimieren. Die Speicherung des Cookies erfolgt durch Google beim Klick auf eine Anzeige und kann über die Einstellungen Deines Browsers unterbunden werden. In diesem Falle fließt auch Dein Besuch unserer Webseite nicht in die anonymen Nutzerstatistiken ein.
Möchtest Du keine personalisierte Werbung erhalten, kannst Du einen entsprechenden Opt-out Cookie setzen:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
Du kannst das Setzen des Cookies z.B. unterbinden, in dem Du ein entsprechendes Browser-Plug-in installieren. Dieses findest Du hier:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
§  Wir nutzen außerdem die Google Dynamic Remarketing Funktionen auf unserer Webseite. Die Technologie ermöglicht uns, nach Deinem Besuch auf unserer Webseite automatisch erstellte, zielgruppenorientierte Werbung zu schalten. Die Anzeigen orientieren sich an den Produkten und Dienstleistungen, die Du beim letzten Besuch unserer Webseite angeklickt oder angesehen hast. Um interessenbasierte Anzeigen zu erstellen verwendet Google Cookies. Wenn Du keine nutzerbasierte Werbung von Google erhalten willst, kannst Du die Schaltung von Werbeanzeigen mithilfe der Anzeigeneinstellung von Google deaktivieren.
Möchtest Du keine personalisierte Werbung erhalten, kannst Du einen entsprechenden Opt-out Cookie setzen:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
Du kannst personalisierte Werbung unterbinden, indem Du ein entsprechendes Browser-Plug-in installieren. Dieses findest Du hier:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
Du kannst für Google und andere Werbenetzwerke die personalisierte Werbung auch unterbinden, indem Du auf folgender Seite Dein Opt-out erklärst:
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
§  Firebase ist eine Google-Tochter und hat ihren Sitz in San Francisco (CA), USA. Wir verwenden in unserer Feather App die Firebase SDK und Google Analytics for Firebase. Dieses Werkzeug erlaubt es, in einer App dieselben Funktionen zu benutzen, wie dies auch für Webseiten mit Google Analytics möglich ist. Dabei werden Technologien benutzt, die ähnlich wie Cookies arbeiten, insbesondere die jeweiligen Werbe-IDs. Wir sammeln damit Informationen über Dein Nutzungsverhalten in der Feather App. Diese Daten benutzen wir, um statistische Auswertungen vorzunehmen, unsere Angebote zu testen (z.B. mit A/B testing) und zu verbessern. Außerdem nutzen wir diese Informationen für personalisierte Werbung. Wenn Du unsere Dienste nutzt, stimmst Du dieser Datenerhebung zu. Wir benutzen außerdem Firebase Remote Config, um Änderungen an unserer Feather App vorzunehmen.
Wenn Du nicht möchtest, dass diese Art von Daten erhoben werden, kannst Du jederzeit ein Opt-out nutzen. Das geht z.B. einfach über die Geräteeinstellungen Deines mobilen Endgerätes. Wie Du diese Datenerhebung auf Deinem Android-Gerät verhinderst, wird Dir z.B. hier erklärt:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Auf Deinem iOS-Gerät findest Du den entsprechenden Schalter unter Einstellungen > Datenschutz > Werbung.
§  Wir verwenden außerdem Crashlytics, um die Anwendungs-Stabilität unserer Feather App zu analysieren. Crashlytics ist ein Tochterunternehmen von Google. Crashlytics liefert in Echtzeit Auswertungen über Fehler und Systemabstürze und erleichtert dadurch die Wartung der Anwendung. Dabei werden keine personenbezogenen Daten von Dir übermittelt, sondern lediglich Absturzberichte mit Angaben zu Codestellen und Geräteinformationen, wie z. B. Gerätetyp und Betriebssystem-Version. Ein Rückschluss auf Dich ist hierdurch unmöglich.
Die gesammelten Diagnosedaten werden in den USA verarbeitet. Crashlytics ist, wie Google und die anderen Konzerntöchter, über das EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert.
Die Diagnoseinformationen unterliegen der Datenschutzrichtlinie von Crashlytics, die unter folgendem Link abgerufen werden kann: https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/.
§  Social Plugins
Wie binden sowohl in unserer Feather App als auch auf unserer Webseite sog. Social Plugins ein, nämlich von:
§  Facebook (Betreiber: Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA)
§  Twitter (Betreiber: Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA)
§  Google+ (Betreiber: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA)
Diese Plugins erfassen standardmäßig Daten von Dir und übermitteln diese an die Server des jeweiligen Anbieters.
Einmal aktiviert, erfassen diese Plugins auch Deine IP-Adresse. Außerdem setzen aktivierte Social Plugins beim Aufruf der betreffenden Webseite ein Cookie mit einer eindeutigen Kennung. Dadurch können die Anbieter auch Profile über Dein Nutzungsverhalten erstellen. Ein solcher Cookie wird auch dann gesetzt, wenn Du kein Mitglied bei dem betreffenden sozialen Netzwerk bist. Bist Du Mitglied eines sozialen Netzwerkes und während Deines Besuchs auf unserer Webseite oder bei der Nutzung der Feather App eingeloggt, können Deine Daten und Informationen über den Besuch auf dieser Webseite oder die Nutzung der App mit Deinem Profil auf dem sozialen Netzwerk verknüpft werden. Bitte beachte, dass wir keinen Einfluss darauf haben, in welchem genauen Umfang von Dir Daten durch den jeweiligen Anbieter erhoben werden. Nähere Informationen über Umfang, die Art und den Zweck der Datenverarbeitung und über Rechte und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten zum Schutz Deiner Privatsphäre findest Du in den Datenschutzhinweisen des jeweiligen Anbieters des sozialen Netzwerks. Diese sind unter den folgenden Adressen abrufbar:
§  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
§  Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy/
§  Google+: https://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy/
§  Wir nutzen die Funktion „Facebook Connect“, damit Du Dich mit Deinem Facebook Account bei uns registrieren und einloggen kannst.
Wenn Du Facebook Connect nutzt, werden Facebook-Profildaten und öffentliche Daten aus Deinem Facebook-Profil an uns übertragen. Umgekehrt können Daten von uns an Dein Facebook-Profil übertragen werden. Diese Daten werden von uns benutzt, um Dich auf unserer Webseite oder in der Feather App zu registrieren oder damit Du Dich einloggen kannst. Zu diesem Zwecke speichern und verarbeiten wir diese Daten auch.
Mit der Registrierung auf unserer Webseite oder in der Feather App mit Hilfe von Facebook-Connect, stimmst Du zu, dass diese Profildaten aus Deinem Facebook-Profil an uns übertragen werden und das wir umgekehrt auch Daten an Facebook übertragen.
Bitte beachte außerdem, dass Facebook mittels Facebook Connect Informationen darüber erhält, wie Du unsere Feather App bzw. Webseite nutzt.
Zweck und Umfang der Datenerhebung und die weitere Verarbeitung und Nutzung der Daten durch Facebook sowie Informationen über Deine Rechte und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre findest Du in den Datenschutzbestimmungen von Facebook hier: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
§  Pinterest
Auf unserer Webseite benutzen wir das “Pin it”-Button-Plugin von Pinterest (Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto,CA, 94301, USA). Wenn Du diese Webseite besuchst, wird über das Plugin eine direkte Verbindung zwischen Deinem Browser und dem Pinterest-Server hergestellt. Dadurch erhält Pinterest die Information, dass Du mit Deiner IP-Adresse diese Webseite besucht hast. Bist Du während Deines Besuches bei Pinterest eingeloggt, kannst Du Inhalte bei Pinterest teilen, indem Du auf den „Pin it“-Button klickst. Pinterest kann so auch Deinen Besuch unserer Webseite Deinem Benutzerkonto zuordnen. Auch hier beachte bitte: Wir als Anbieter der Webseite haben keine Kenntnis vom Inhalt der übermittelten Daten sowie deren Nutzung durch Pinterest und haben auf diesen Vorgang auch keinen Einfluss. Die Datenschutzerklärung von Pinterest findest Du hier: https://de.about.pinterest.com/privacy/.
Du kannst hier: https://help.pinterest.com/entries/25010303-How-does-Pinterest-use-data-about-other-websites-I-visit-die Einstellungen zum Speichern Deiner Daten ändern. Das geht auch, wenn Du kein Nutzer von Pinterest bist.
§  Adjust
In unserer Feather App und auf unserer Webseite benutzen wir Adjust von adjust GmbH (Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin). Der Adjust-Dienst ist nach dem ePrivacyseal (European Seal for your Privacy) geprüft und zertifiziert worden (siehe https://www.eprivacy.eu/vergebene-siegel/). Dieser Dienst ermöglicht uns, unsere Marketing-Performance zu verfolgen, unsere Werbekampagnen anzupassen und insgesamt besser zu verstehen, wie Du mit unserer Anwendung umgehst. Um dieses Ziel zu erreichen, können wir unter anderem in Echtzeit verfolgen, wie Du mit unserer Anwendung interagierst. Durch Adjust wird dafür z.B. Deine IP-Adresse anonymisiert (als Hashwert) gesammelt und verfolgt, wann Du unsere Feather App installierst und das erste Mal öffnest, wie Du mit der Anwendung interagierst oder auf welche Anzeigen Du klickst.
Eine Zusammenführung dieser erhobenen Daten mit anderen Daten zur persönlichen Identifizierung erfolgt nicht.
Du kannst jederzeit angeben, dass diese Daten zukünftig nicht mehr gesammelt werden sollen. Nutze dafür bitte einfach die Opt-out Option von adjust unter https://www.adjust.com/opt-out/.
§  Amplitude
Amplitude ist ein Analysedienst der Amplitude Inc. Dieses Werkzeug sammelt technische Informationen wie den Typ Deines Gerätes (z. B. iPhone 6), das verwendete Betriebssystem (z. B. iOS 10.3), den Namen Deines Providers (z. B. Vodafone). Darüber hinaus werden Ereignisse erfasst, die in unserer Feather App vorkommen. Das können z.B. abgeschlossene Workouts sein. Amplitude hilft uns also, zu verstehen, wie Du unsere Dienste nutzt.
Die von Amplitude Inc. in den USA gesammelten Informationen werden an Server von Amplitude Inc. in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Amplitude ist über das EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert.
Weitere Informationen über die Art und Weise, wie Amplitude Daten verarbeitet, findest Du unter: https://amplitude.com/privacy.
§  Facebook Custom Audience
Wir verwenden die Remarketing-Funktion „Custom Audiences“ der Facebook Inc. (1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025). Diese Funktion dient dazu, Besuchern unserer Webseite und Nutzern unserer Feather App im Rahmen des Besuchs des sozialen Netzwerkes Facebook interessenbezogene Werbeanzeigen („Facebook-Ads“) zu präsentieren sowie für statistische und Marktforschungszwecke auszuwerten und kann dazu beitragen, zukünftige Werbemaßnahmen zu optimieren. Wir benutzen hierzu den sog. Facebook-Pixel (Webseite) und die Facebook SDK (Feather App).
Die erhobenen Daten sind für uns anonym. Die Informationen bieten uns keine Rückschlüsse auf Deine Identität. Außer von uns werden die Daten allerdings auch von Facebook gespeichert und verarbeitet. Dort ist eine Verbindung zum jeweiligen Nutzerprofil möglich und Facebook kann die Daten für eigene Werbezwecke, entsprechend der Facebook-Datenverwendungsrichtlinie (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) verwenden.
Die Daten können Facebook sowie dessen Partnern ermöglichen, Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von Facebook zu schalten.
Facebook speichert die Daten regelmäßig auch auf Servern in den USA. Facebook ist über das EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert.
Du kannst der Speicherung von Cookies auf Deinem Computer generell widersprechen, indem Du Deinen Internetbrowser so einstellst, dass zukünftig keine Cookies mehr auf Deinem Computer abgelegt werden können bzw. bereits abgelegte Cookies gelöscht werden. Es kann sein, dass dann einige Funktionen auf unserer Webseite nicht mehr richtig ausgeführt werden können.
Du kannst durch einen entsprechenden Opt-out-Cookie der Digital Advertising Alliance Werbung durch Drittanbieter wie z.B. Facebook insgesamt deaktivieren:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Alternativ kannst Du die Remarketing-Funktion „Custom Audiences“ in Deinen Facebook-Einstellungen deaktivieren:
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#
=
Hierfür musst Du bei Facebook angemeldet sein.
15.    Datenübermittlung an Dritte
Eine Übermittlung Deiner personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte findet nur statt, wenn wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind, oder die Datenweitergabe zur Durchführung des Vertragsverhältnisses erforderlich ist oder Du zuvor in die Weitergabe Deiner Daten eingewilligt hast. Externe Dienstleister und Partnerunternehmen erhalten Deine Daten nur, soweit dies zur Abwicklung des Vertrages erforderlich ist oder Du zugestimmt hast. In diesen Fällen beschränkt sich der Umfang der übermittelten Daten jedoch auf das erforderliche Minimum. Soweit unsere Dienstleister mit Deinen personenbezogenen Daten in Berührung kommen, stellen wir sicher, dass diese die Vorschriften der Datenschutzgesetze in gleicher Weise einhalten. Bitte beachte auch die jeweiligen Datenschutzhinweise der Anbieter.
16.    Datensicherheit
Datenübertragungen können generell Sicherheitslücken aufweisen. Ein absolut lückenloser Schutz Deiner Daten vor dem Zugriff durch Dritte ist technisch nicht möglich. Wir sind aber bemüht, dieses Risiko so weit wie möglich zu reduzieren. Wir unterhalten deshalb gemäß dem aktuellen Stand der Technik entsprechende Maßnahmen zur Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit und zum Schutz Deiner personenbezogenen Daten. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir für alle Datenübertragungen eine starke SSL- bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung. Achte bitte dennoch darauf, deine Login-Daten nicht an Dritte weiterzugeben.
17.    Webseiten Dritter
Wir verweisen gelegentlich durch Links auf die Webseiten Dritter. Obwohl wir diese Dritten sorgfältig aussuchen, können wir keine Gewähr und Haftung für die Richtigkeit bzw. Vollständigkeit der Inhalte und die Datensicherheit von Webseiten Dritter übernehmen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für verlinkte Webseiten Dritter auch nicht. Für die Datenschutzerklärungen oder den Inhalt anderer Webseiten sind wir nicht verantwortlich.
18.    Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung
Es kann vorkommen, dass wir diese Datenschutzerklärung anpassen müssen, zum Beispiel, wenn wir der App neue Funktionen und Services hinzufügen. Wir informieren Dich aber über jede Anpassung und bitten Dich dann, Dir die Anpassungen durchzulesen und zu akzeptieren, bevor wir sie umsetzen.
19.    Deine Rechte: Auskunft/Widerruf/Löschung und verantwortliche Stelle
Du kannst jederzeit und unentgeltlich Auskunft über Deine bei uns verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten, die Korrektur Deiner fehlerhaften personenbezogenen Daten sowie die Beendigung der Verarbeitung Deiner personenbezogenen Daten bzw. deren Löschung – vorbehaltlich zwingender entgegenstehender rechtlicher Bestimmungen oder Verpflichtungen – verlangen. Wende Dich dazu einfach jederzeit schriftlich oder per E-Mail an uns
Asana Rebel GmbH
Dessauer Str 28-29
10963 Berlin
E-Mail: support@iwanttobe.fit
Geschäftsführer: Pascal Klein, Robin Pratap
Eingetragen beim Amtsgericht Berlin Charlottenburg: HRB 166253
Umsatzsteuer – ID: DE300029725
External Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Große Bleichen 21, 20354 Hamburg
For all request concerning the security of your data you can contact our data protection officer at privacy@asanarebel.com.
If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer by postal mail. The communication by email can always be flawed by security gaps.