Last updated：Nov 19, 2020
BoomArt( the“Software” or“App”) is operated by Peerman Holding Limited( “we” or “us”). In order to provide you with this Software, we need to collect some privacy information about you. We understand the importance of protecting your privacy. Therefore, we have established this Privacy Policy to explain how we treat your information and protect your privacy when you use the Software and the rights and options available to you regarding your information.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Software. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand it. If you use the Software, we consider you to consent the terms and conditions described in this document.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.
What kinds of information we collect from you?
There are two general categories of information we will process:
Information that you submit
We collect information that you provide directly to us, including when you register for an account, provide feedback about the App, or contact us with questions or comments about the App.
1 ) Support Related Information
If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may also collect your email address, name and any information you voluntarily submitted to us in connection with such support (for example, your name, company name, and particular support query or request).
2) Camera and Photos.
In order to use some of the features of the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photo in your mobile device.
3) Facial Features Information.
Collection and processing of your facial features information
When you first use certain features( such as Face cutout, add filters, foreground and background) to process your facial photos, the Software will pop up a popup window to ask for your confirming. You may choose to grant us the permission to access to your camera and album to obtain your facial photo in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album.
For processing your facial photos, the Software will only automatically capture the position of the face in the photos , and not collect any other facial features information.
If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection and processing of your facial features information, we will promptly cease all such collection and processing.
Storage and sharing of your facial features information
We capture the facial features information only for operating the face recognition functions and providing better effect drawing for you. For such facial photos, facial features information and effect drawing, we will neither store in our server nor share them with any third parties after processing.
Information that is processed automatically
1 ) Technical Information.
We may use the API of IOS to collect certain technical information regarding your device, including the type, name and version of operating system: (i) Your configuration and settings of the Software, version of the Software; (ii)ISP (Internet Service Provider) , Internet protocol (IP) address, Media Access Control (MAC) address,anonymous user identifiers, device configuration and identifiers; (iii)Advertising ID ; (iv) location; (v) Apple ID.
2) Usage Information.
We may collect certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with your device by the network, such as when and how you use the Software, how you use your internet browser and internet search related applications, the web pages you visit and the content you see, access and utilize on such web pages; for example, offerings and advertisements that you view, use and access, how you use them and your response to them, how frequently you use them, your search queries and the time and date of your searches.
3) Social Networks.
If you interact the Software to other software operated by the third-party in your mobile device, we may use the API of IOS to share your information to the third-party.
4) Payment data.
We may use the API of Apple to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites: https://www.apple.com. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.
How we use your information?
1 ) The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Software. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
to operate and update the Software, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features;
to improve and customize the Software;
to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software;
to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software;
to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
How your information may be shared?
1 ) We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not rent or sell your personal information to the third- party, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations, we may share your information with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or providing service to the Software. We do not have power to control or influence these third- parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore, if you do not want to share your personal information with any third-party organizations, please do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.
The Software may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the Software from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our Software, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Transfer of data outside your territory
1 ) We work in the international space and provide the Software to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the Software. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
How long we maintain your personal information?
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.
However, some information may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
Right of access, modification and deletion of your information
In compliance with legal provisions, you have a general right to access, edit and delete your personal information which have been collected pursuant to your access to and/or use of the Software. In order to exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below.
Security of your personal information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal information to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal information, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about security of the Software, you can contact us through the email displayed below.
Privacy policy concerning children
The Software offered by us are not intended for children under 13 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”). Anyone under the Minimum Age should not use the Software. With this in mind, we do not willingly collect personal data from children under the Minimum Age. All the same, if the collection of such data is brought to the attention of us, we will take all useful measures possible to delete the corresponding data. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
Changes to this privacy policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Whenever we change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Please check and pay close attention to this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Contact us
If you have any questions about the Software or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to obtain a previous version of the current document, feel free to contact us at[BoomartService@outlook.com].