This website is owned and run by ECT media s.r.o., whose address and other contact details are listed below.
ECT media s.r.o.
Stojanova 369/5,
602 00 Brno,
Czech Republic
VAT ID: CZ04358457
Datová schránka: weg8jr4
email: ales@europeancoffeetrip.com
Website visitors
Like most website operators, ECT media s.r.o. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. ECT media s.r.o.’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how ECT media s.r.o.’s visitors use its website. From time to time, ECT media s.r.o. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Gathering of personally-identifying information
Certain visitors to ECT media s.r.o.’s websites choose to interact with ECT media s.r.o. in ways that require ECT media s.r.o. to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that ECT media s.r.o. gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
Information you provide with us
Those who engage in transactions with ECT media s.r.o. are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, ECT media s.r.o. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with ECT media s.r.o..
Web server logs
We gather certain information automatically through your use of the Site. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring or exit pages, the files viewed on the Site, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. We use analytical software to help us understand this information. This software sends information to its licensor. Other sites and companies may also use this software. As a result, the licensor may collect information that, when aggregated by them, allows them to identify you individually. We have no responsibility for this collection and use.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
ECT media s.r.o. and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to help us identify and track users’ movements around the Site, their usage of European Coffee Trip website, their website access preferences; analyze trends, administer the Site, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. European Coffee Trip visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using European Coffee Trip’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of European Coffee Trip’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. More information about cookies can be found at
www.aboutcookies.org
.
How we use personally-identifying information
ECT media s.r.o. will only use the personal data we collect as reasonably necessary for the following purposes:
to allow you to use and interact with the Site;
to provide the Services to you as our client;
to inform our development of the Site and the Services;
to communicate with you from time to time in response to your requests for information or as may be relevant to your account with us;
to send marketing communications related to the services we provide;
as required by applicable law or legal requirements pertaining to records retention or for internal administrative purposes;
as specifically authorized by you in writing.
ECT media s.r.o. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Third parties
We will not disclose your personal data to third parties except as follows:
when we believe disclosure is reasonably required to comply with any law or legal request;
to enforce our legal and contractual rights, or to protect the rights and safety of others;
to third parties who help us provide any part of the Site or the Services, to the limited extent required for such help, and on condition that they may not further disclose your data or use it for any other purpose; or
as part of a sale of our assets or a merger of our company.
We remain responsible for compliance with this Privacy Policy by third parties to whom we disclose your personal data.
Email
Google Apps
We use Google/Google Apps to process email communication, manage online documents. Google’s privacy policy is available here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Mailchimp
We use MailChimp for email marketing. Mailchimp’s privacy policy can be found here:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
.
Sumo
We use Sumo for email marketing and lead generation. Sumo’s privacy policy can be found here:
https://sumo.com/tos
Advertising
We may use social media and other providers to manage web advertising campaigns. These service providers use cookies on our sites and/or pixel tracking to serve ads, remarketing, and personalization across the different platforms.
If you are a ECT media s.r.o. client or affiliate, your email address may be securely shared with the following platforms so we can exclude you from seeing our advertisements.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
(first-party cookies)
Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitors and aggregating information about the traffic to our websites. The Google Analytics privacy policy can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
WooCommerce
We use WooCommerce as an e-commerce tool to sell digital and physical goods.
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of basket contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order;
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints;
Process payments and prevent fraud;
Set up your account for our store;
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes;
Improve our store offerings;
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them;
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfil orders, process refunds and support you.
Payments
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information. Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details:
https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Shipping
We use logistics services of Central Warehouse Solution s.r.o. with warehouses based in Ostrava, Czech Republic (Skladon, Pohraniční 52/23, 703 00 Ostrava).
Invoicing
We use iDoklad to create and deliver invoices. iDoklad’s privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.idoklad.cz/zasady-ochrany-osobnich-udaju
Your rights over personal data
Upon request, we will provide you with details regarding your personal data that has been collected by us or which is under our control. Information covered by this Privacy Policy may be deleted upon your request, provided that such deletion may impact our ability to provide you with the Services.
You may opt-out of receiving most e-mails from us by following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in the e-mails.
We may keep your personal data for as long as reasonably required to meet the purposes described herein. Additionally, we will retain this information as required by law, as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Privacy policy changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, ECT media s.r.o. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in ECT media s.r.o.’s sole discretion. ECT media s.r.o. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Should ECT media s.r.o. decide to change its Privacy Policy, we will post such changes on this page so that our Clients are always aware of how we use their personal information and in what circumstances it discloses it. Client’s continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute Client’s acceptance of such change.