Science
Our App
Themes
Encyclopedia
Dreams
Blog
Company
About
Career
Contact
Support
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: August 9, 2023
This privacy notice ("
Policy
") relates to the website(s), mobile application(s), software downloaded and installed on a mobile device, related social media, and/or other services provided, including email messages, that we may send to you ("
Site
"), controlled or operated by Dreamapp Ltd, a UK limited company, number 12692529, with an office at 190 Carrara Tower 250 City Road, London, England, EC1V 2PU,and/or its owners, agents, employees, representatives, or affiliates and assigns ("
Dreamapp
"). This Policy sets out the basis on which we collect any personal information relating to you, or that you provide to us in relation to us providing dream interpretation services.
Dreamapp gathers and uses (i) personal information submitted to the Site and (ii) aggregated information collected from the services provided through the Site. This Policy applies to the Site, and any domains, services, applications and applicable products ("
Services
"). From time to time we may update this Policy, at our sole discretion. Your use of the Site after an updated Policy becomes effective will indicate your acceptance; therefore, we encourage you to periodically review this Policy and the Site in order to keep apprised of our current privacy statement.
Who are we?
As used herein "we", "our" or "us" means Dreamapp.
We may be the controller of your personal information. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we collect, store and use your personal information.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact us by email
support@Dreamapp.io
.
Who does this Policy apply to?
This privacy notice applies to all users of the Site.
When you use Site or Services, we may collect and use personal information about you or that directly or indirectly identifies you or another individual ("
Personal Information
"), which may also include your name, email address, phone number, address, browser and device information, and information collected through cookies and other similar technologies (such as IP address).
We may also collect and use non-personal information that does not and cannot be used to reveal your identity or that of another individual, such as information which has been anonymized, deidentified, or aggregated ("
Other Information
"). Other Information that we may include unique identifier from Apple and Google in order to link your use of the app for billing through iTunes and Google Play and for advertising purposes. We use Other Information to facilitate our operation of our Site and for other purposes as described below.
You hereby declare and agree that any and all information you provide to us and/or update and/or share with Dreamapp on the Site is correct, reliable and accurate, and that you registered and/or provided the information in your own name and on your own behalf, and not in the name and/or on the behalf of any third party and that you permit us to use the information in accordance with this Policy.
INFORMATION WE USE OR COLLECT
Personal Information you provide us directly
We collect certain personal information that you provide to us, including without limitation, names, relationship status, gender, dreams, phone numbers, email addresses, mailing addresses, usernames, contact preferences, social profile URL, billing information, date of birth, geolocation, and other similar information. We use such Personal Information to provide the Services and administer your inquiries. For example, when you register on the Site, if you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Site, or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Site, the choices you make and the Services you use.
Other Information automatically collected
In order to provide relevant marketing, offers, and Services to you, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, including without limitation Facebook, as well as from other third parties. This information may include your name and profile picture.
We also collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Site. This information may not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, geolocation, information about how and when you use the Site and other technical information.
Third party collection
We may partner with third parties to either display advertising on our Site or to manage or operate our Site or features therein. Our third-party partners may use technologies such as cookies or emails to gather information about your activities on other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. Please also be aware that when you are on the Site, or when you receive an email message from us through the Services, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There may be links to other sites from the Site or from the email message we send to you that take you outside our Site. These other sites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data, or solicit personal information and are regulated by their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to review. The privacy policies of these other sites may be significantly different from this Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected therein. Note that when you link to a third-party site from the Site you may see pre-populated data fields with your personal information; however, that information is not available to the third party unless you take certain actions on the third party's site, such as submitting a form. To see how they use this information please refer to their privacy policies.
These third parties include, without limitation:
Analytics & Tracking providers
Revenue Cat (Analytics)
https: //
www.revenuecat.com/privacy/
Singular (Analytics)
https: //
www.singular.net/privacy-policy/
Google LLC (Firebase /BigQuery):
https: //policies.google.com/privacy
https: //firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Google LLC (Google play market)
https: //policies.google.com/privacy
Apple Inc. (Apple Itunes Connect)
https: //
www.apple.com/legal/privacy
Amplitude (Analytics)
https: //amplitude.com/privacy
Other third-party service providers
Lokalise (Localization)
https: //lokalise.com/privacy-policy
Open AI (AI)
https: //openai.com/policies/privacy-policy
Customer IO (communication)
https: //customer.io/legal/privacy-policy/
Additional information about collection
You may be able to control the amount of information that is accessible by adjusting your account privacy settings. If you do not want to share this information you should adjust your device privacy settings accordingly. For example:
Advertisements
We may use a third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you access the Site. This technology uses your information with regards to your use of the Services to serve advertisements to you (e.g., by placing third-party cookies on your web browser).
You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), and the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"). For more information about this practice by NAI and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites:
Network Advertising Initiative –
http: //optout.networkadvertising.org/
Digital Advertising Alliance –
http: //optout.aboutads.info/
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) –
http: //youradchoices.ca/choices
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) –
http: //www.youronlinechoices.com/
DAA AppChoices page –
http: //www.aboutads.info/appchoices
For additional information on application personalized advertising opt out, please check the following privacy settings:
iOS
: on your device, go to Go to Settings > Privacy > Apple Advertising. Turn off Personalized Ads.
Android
: on your device, Go to your Google Account. In the navigation panel, select Data & privacy. Scroll to "Things you've done and places you've been." Under "Ad settings," select Ad personalization. Turn off the switch next to "Ad Personalization is ON."
Marketing
We may use your Personal Information, such as your name, email address, telephone number, etc. ourselves or by using our third-party subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials, concerning our services, which we believe may interest you. By unsubscribing to such content, we will remove your email address or telephone number from our marketing distribution lists.
Please note that even if you have unsubscribed from receiving marketing emails from us, we may send you other types of important e-mail communications without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. These may include customer service announcements or administrative notices.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect and use your Personal Information to manage and enhance your use of the Site or the Services. The type of information we collect can vary depending on how you access, visit, use or otherwise take advantage of the Site or the Services.
We use your Personal Information as follows:
To register a customer or an interested party
To manage user accounts
To perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
To deliver the Services to you
To deliver interest-based content to you, including marketing and advertising material
To carry out research on customer demographics, interests and behaviors
To respond to inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you requested materials, as well as support, information, and materials regarding requested Services
To send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies, or other similar information
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm
For other business purposes, like operation of the Site
To personalize your experience on the Site by presenting products and offers tailored to you
Any other purpose with your consent
Where we have stated that your Personal Information is used in order to carry out a contract with you, or to provide the Services to you, and you do not provide that information, we may not be able to respond to your request for Services or enter into a contract with you.
We will only use your Personal Information for the purposes set out above or for other reasons compatible with those original purposes. If we change the purpose for which we use your Personal Information, we will do so with your consent.
REASONS FOR USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may process your Personal Information if you have given us specific consent to use it for a specific purpose.
When necessary to perform Services.
If it is necessary for our legitimate interest, for example: (i) to keep our records updated; (ii) to explore how customers use our Services; (iii) to offer additional features to our customers; (iv) to prevent fraud or monitor for security vulnerabilities; (v) to keep our Site updated and relevant; (vi) to develop our business; (ix) and to inform our marketing strategy (by delivering Site content and advertising to you).
For our business or commercial purpose, including without limitation, data analysis, audits, fraud and abuse monitoring and prevention, detecting security vulnerabilities, identifying technical errors, for testing products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities, to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you with information about products and services we offer. In some circumstances, and subject to consent, to disclose information to a third party that offers goods or services complementary to our own Services.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to comply with legal process; (iii) to enforce our terms and conditions; (iv) to protect our operations; (v) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (vi) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How long do we keep your personal infomation?
We will only keep your Personal Information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Where we act as a data controller of Personal Information, we retain the Personal Information we collect where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing, in accordance with applicable laws, until deletion is possible. However, we will make good faith efforts to delete your personal information if you contact us by following the Opt-out mechanism in this Policy, provided that we are not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
We contract with vendors, consultants, agents, and other service providers (collectively, "
Service Providers
") to perform certain tasks on our behalf, and we may share your Personal Information with some of them to provide the Services to you, or to otherwise communicate with you, such as to provide marketing assistance or offers on our behalf. When we share your Personal Information, we require the service provider to maintain the privacy, confidentiality, and security of your Personal Information.
Personal Information may be disclosed by you through the Site, on message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. This information can appear in public ways, such as through search engines or other publicly available platforms and can be "crawled" or searched by third parties. Please do not post any information that you do not want to reveal to the public at large.
We may also provide your Personal Information to (i) our professional advisors who have the need to access such information for the purpose of advising us; (ii) to any law enforcement body which may have any reasonable requirement to access your personal information; (iii) to any potential third party in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We do not share information that could identify you personally with our third-party advertising partners (as listed above) for the purposes of advertising, remarketing and behavioral advertising based on your use of the Site.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
We and our Service Providers may collect and store your usage information in log files as well as through the use of cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, embedded scripts, and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed ("
Tracking Technologies
"). We may use Tracking Technologies to, among other things, better serve you with more tailored information for our Services, and for those of third parties, facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the Website, and collect and store information about your use of the Site. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Site tracking users' movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. "
Cookies
" include commonly used pieces of information in the form of small files that are placed on an individual's device to enable the individual to more easily communicate and interact with the Site. When you visit our Site, we may send one or more cookies to your device.  They enable us to store information about your device which helps us, among other things, to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site and enhance the level of services and functions provided. We also may use third parties to serve advertisements on other websites that may be of interest to you, based on information collected about your use of our Site and other websites. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie or similar on your browser.  We use cookies to remember users' settings (i.e., language preference), tracking for marketing purposes, and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited.
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("
DNT
") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. We will continue to process such data in accordance with this Policy. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Policy.
Do we transfer your PERSONAL INFORMATION INTERNATIONALLY?
Your Personal Information may be transferred outside of the United Kingdom ("
UK
") to the European Economic Area ("
EEA
") and outside of the UK and/or EEA to the United States ("
US
"). We will put in place adequate measures to ensure that your Personal Information is kept secure (and such adequate measures shall include: (i) transferring to a jurisdiction which the UK and/or European Commission recognises as providing adequate protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects in connection with the processing of the Personal Information; (ii) transferring in accordance to the EU and UK General Data Protection Regulation (collectively "
GDPR
"); and (iii) transferring pursuant to Standard Contractual Clauses ("
Model Clauses
") in accordance with UK law, Switzerland law, and/or EEA decisions on transferring personal information.
However, if you are accessing our Site from outside the UK, your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Site or disclosing information to us you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, which could have different data protection rules than those of your country or the country in which you were located when you initially provided the information. We ensure that the Service Providers recipient of your Personal Information offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by GDPR or other applicable regulators or legislators.
Where we are a processor on your behalf as a controller, we act under our Data Processing Agreement ("
DPA
") [(link to DPA)](https: //dreamapp.io/dpa). This DPA sets out our commitment to privacy and security when processing personal information in connection with the provision of the Services for the transfer of personal information outside the EEA, UK, or Switzerland.
How do we keep your personal data secure?
We have implemented appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal Information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your Personal Information to those employees or Service Providers (see above) who have a business need-to-know. We have put procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach and will, to the extent applicable, notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where the breach may cause a risk to you. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Information, transmission of Personal Information to and from our Site is at your own risk. You should only access the Site within a secure environment. Please also note that our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose to you the personal information we collect from you.
What rights do you have over your personal data?
In some regions, you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Information. To make such a request, please use the contact information provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
EEA, UK, Switzerland
If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, or UK, your rights under GDPR include: (i) request access to and obtain a copy of your personal data; (ii) request rectification (or correction) of inaccurate personal data you have provided; (iii) request erasure (or deletion) of personal data that is no longer necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or does not need to be retained for other legitimate purposes; (iv) restrict or object to the processing of your personal data; and (v) if applicable, request your personal data be ported (transferred) to another company.
If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
http: //ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
;
https://ico.org.uk/
.
If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here:
https: //www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
.
California
If you are a California resident, you can make certain requests regarding your personal information, including: (i) you may request access to a copy of the personal Information we have about you, including a list of categories of your personal information that we have shared with another company for a business purpose; (ii) you may request that we delete your personal information; (iii) you may request that we stop sharing your personal information; or (iv) you may request the right not to be discriminated against. You can find pertinent authority here:
https: //oag.ca.gov/privacy
.
CCPA Privacy Notice
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, Cal. Civil Code § 1798.100 et seq. ("
CCPA
"), defines a "resident" as: (i) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and (ii) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose.
For the purposes of this notice to residents, please check our CCPA Privacy Notice [(link to CCPA Notice)](https: //dreamapp.io/ccpa).
For additional information as to how to exercise your rights, or if you are unsure about your rights or are concerned about how your personal information may be processed, please contact us at
support@Dreamapp.io
.
WHAT IS the OPT-OUT MECHANISM?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please contact us at
support@Dreamapp.io
.
WHAT ABOUT CHILDREN?
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The Site is not intended for children, and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect information about children under the age of 18. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Information from someone under the age of 18, please contact us by email
support@Dreamapp.io
and we will take the required steps to delete such information and (or) delete the account. To the extent we commence to provide services that are directed to or likely to be used by children, we will only accept an adult, parent, guardian, or caretaker's express consent on behalf of any child under the age of 18, prior to the collection any such Personal Information.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY NOTICE?
We may update this Policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated revised date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. Your use of the Site after an updated privacy notice becomes effective will indicate your acceptance; therefore, we encourage you to periodically review this Policy in order to keep apprised of our current privacy statement.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
If you have any questions about this Policy or about the ways we use your Personal Information, please contact us at:
Dreamapp Ltd.
190 Carrara Tower 250 City Road
London, England EC1V 2PU
You can also contact us by email at
support@Dreamapp.io
.
© 2024 Dreamapp Ltd
Follow us on Social
:
Privacy Policy
EULA
Do not sell my personal information
Contact Us
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Yes, I accept Cookies
Close
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 1
http://www.singular.net/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
[Live Webinar] Crushing iOS Growth in 2025
[Live Webinar] Crushing iOS Growth in 2025
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how information is collected and used by Singular Labs, Inc. (“Singular” or “we”, “us”, “our”) and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
This Privacy Policy applies to the following:
1. The data practices on the Singular website at https://www.singular.net (“Website”).
2. The data practices relating to the unified marketing data, intelligent insights, and automation services (our “Platform”) that Singular provides its partners and customers (“Businesses”). The Platform offer a Businesses the ability to administer, measure and monitor their mobile advertising activities. Singular’s technology includes a plug-in that Business’s incorporate into their online services (which may be a website or mobile app). With the plug-in, Singular collects and process certain end-user personal data on the Business’s behalf.
3. Our relationship with representatives of our existing and prospective Businesses using our Platform.
We are committed to protecting and respecting data privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Personal Data Processed
We process the information you provide us when you submit an inquiry on our Website.
When you visit our Website, you can submit an inquiry through our online contact forms or through our chat-bot. You can also request a free trial of our Platform. When you contact us, you will be asked to provide information such as your name, work email address, phone number, company name and the subject of your inquiry. We refer to this entire data as “
Inquiry Information
”.
We collect and process your contact information when you engage us to use our Platform.
When a representative of an existing or prospective Business uses or wishes to use our Platform, we collect that representative’s contact details such as name, email, phone number, position and company, Platform login information, and information relating to the engagement between us and the Business which is made with the involvement of the representative. We refer to this entire data as “
Contact Information
”.
You do not have a legal obligation to provide us with your Inquiry Information or Contact Information; however, if you choose to not share this information with us we may not be able to respond to your inquiry or provide you the Platform.
The Platform we provide involves processing information of the Business’s data subjects.
In order to provide the Platform to a Business, we process personal information of the Business’s end-users. We do this as a data processor (also known as a service provider) on behalf of the Business and under the Business’s instructions.
Generally, the Platform processes personal data regarding the behavior and usage patterns of the end-users of mobile applications and other mobile properties operated by the Business. Subject to the Business’s discretion, the personal data processed by the Platform can include, among others, the end-user’s IP address, Apple’s ID for Advertising (IDFA), Google Android ID and Advertising ID for Android (AIFA), carrier user “ID”, and geo-location information.
We refer to this type of data as “
Platform Information
”.
If you are a data subject of the Platform Information (i.e., you are a Business’s end-user), and would like to obtain more information on the collection and processing of your personal data, please contact the Business which is the data controller of your personal data.
We also collect analytics information about your use of the Training Program and Website.
When you visit the Website or the Platform, we record and collect certain information about your interaction with the Website or the Platform, including the IP address from which you access the Website or Platform, time and date of access, type of browser used, language used, links clicked, and actions taken while using the Website or Platform (“
Analytics Information
“).
Data Controller and Data Processor
The Business is the data controller of the Platform Information, and Singular is its data processor.
Each Business is the data controller of its own Platform Information. They determine the purposes and means of processing that data. We only process such data based on their instructions and for the purpose of providing the Platform to them.
Singular is the data controller of Inquiry, Information Contact Information and Analytics Information
Singular is the data controller for the Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information, as explained below.
How we process personal data
To respond to and handle your inquiry.
We process your Inquiry Information to contact you about your inquiry and handle your inquiry.
To send you administrative communications.
We process your Contact Information to send you communications and administrative emails, to manage the provision of the Platform to you and to provide you with further information and updates about Singular’s products and technology.
To send you marketing communication.
We process your Inquiry Information and Contact Information to send you marketing communications such as newsletters, know-how articles, webinar and event invitations, and other useful industry information and announcements. We will do so if we believe you might be interested in receiving these communications from us. You may unsubscribe at any time by contacting us via our online contact form available at
Contact Us
or via the unsubscribe link in each marketing communication you receive from us. If you provided your personal email address to us and we believe that you are a representative of a prospective Business, we will use the Inquiry Information and Contact Information to determine your business email address (using third party tools) so that we can communicate with you through your business email address.
To provide and maintain the Website and Platform.
We process your Analytics Information to provide, maintain and improve your user experience when accessing our Website or when using our Platform. We also will use the Analytics Information for quality assurance and for development and enhancement of the Platform.
We also process the Analytics Information to improve our email communications.
We will use the Analytics Information to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our terms of use for the Platform and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
In order to provide the Platform to a Business, we process Platform Information as a data processor (also known as a service provider) on behalf of the Business and under the Business’s instructions.
Who processes your data
We will not share your information with third parties, except in the events listed below or when you provide us your explicit and informed
consent.
We will process information with our service providers helping us to operate our business.
We will process personal information with the assistance of our service providers as third parties who assist us with the internal operations of the Website and Platform. These companies are authorized to use your personal information in this context only as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own promotional purposes. These service providers include Amazon Web Services, Inc. and Snowflake, Inc.
Our third parties are obligated to provide the same level of privacy protection.
When we disclose your personal information to third parties, we are liable for those onward transfers. We only transfer data to these service providers for limited and specific purposes under a contract, and ensure that they effectively process the personal information in a manner consistent with our obligations. The service providers are required to notify us if they can no longer meet their requirements, and upon notice take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing. We can provide a summary or a representative copy of the relevant privacy provisions of our contracts with these third parties upon request to
privacy@singular.net
.
We will share information with competent authorities, if you abuse your right to use the Platform, or violate any applicable law.
If you have abused your rights to use the Website or Platform, or violated any applicable law, we will share information with competent authorities and with third parties (such as legal counsels and advisors), for the purpose of handling of the violation or breach.
We will share your information if we are legally required.
We will share information if we are required to do so by a judicial, governmental or regulatory authority.
We will share your information with our corporate group of companies.
Because we operate our business as a corporate group of companies, we may also share your information with companies in our corporate group for the same purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. They include:
Singular Labs, Ltd. (Israel)
Singular (UK) Limited
We will share your information with third parties in any event of a change in our structure.
If the operation of our business is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition), we will share information only as required to enable the structural change in the operation of the business.
You may choose to opt out of disclosing your personal information or limiting its use.
You may choose whether your personal information is to be disclosed to a third party, or to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected. To exercise that choice, send an email to
privacy@singular.net
.
We will never ask you for sensitive information (i.e. medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, etc).
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files, comprised of small amount of data, that are saved on your computer or other device (e.g. smartphone, tablet, etc.) when you use the internet and visit various websites.
The information that the cookies maintain is read by the website you visit, during the session of your visit to the website (these are called ‘session’ cookies), and when you return to visit it again (these are called ‘persistent’ cookies). We also use techniques called web beacons and web pixels for purposes similar to the use of cookies.
We use cookies necessary to operate the Website, for website statistics, for marketing purposes and to remember your website preferences.
We use cookies for a number of purposes, as briefly explained below:
Necessary:
Cookies that are strictly necessary for the functioning of the Website. The Website cannot operate properly without these cookies. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Website may not function properly.
Statistics:
Analytics cookies that help us understand how you and other users interact with our Website by collecting data that does not directly identify you.
Marketing:
Marketing cookies help us to deliver ads that we believe are relevant to you. For example, we may use retargeting cookies to deliver ads you receive when you visit other websites.
You can always delete or disable cookies.
You can always delete the cookies saved on your device through the settings of your computer browser or device. You can also disable cookies for future use through the settings of your computer browser or device.
Security and data retention
We will retain your Inquiry Information, Analytics Information and Contact Information for as long as we need it for business purposes, and thereafter as needed for record-keeping matters.
We will retain Inquiry Information, Analytics Information and Contact Information for the duration needed to support our ordinary business activities operating the Website and Platform. Thereafter, we will still retain it as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, establish and defend legal claims and enforce our agreements.
We will retain Business Information in accordance with the Business’s instructions and only while the Business uses the Platform.
We will retain Business Information pursuant to the Business instructions, and only for the duration needed to provide the Platform to you. Upon the termination of the agreement with us for the provision of the Platform, we will return or delete you Business Information, unless we are required to retain such information under applicable law.
We implement measures to secure your Information.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure personal information, it is not guaranteed, and you cannot expect that the Website or Platform will be immune from information security risks.
International Data transfers
We will internationally transfer information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we transfer your personal data for processing at locations outside your jurisdiction, we will abide by data transfer rules applicable to these situations.
Additional information for individuals in the EU, UK or Switzerland
Singular is the data controller of the Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information.
The following is the contact information of Singular as the primary data controller of the Inquiry Information, Contact Information, and Analytics Information:
Singular Labs, Inc.
181 South Park Street, Unit 2
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States of America
Email:
privacy@singular.net
For any additional inquiries, contact Eran Friedman at
eran@singular.net
Legal basis under EU law for processing your personal data.
The legal basis for processing Analytics Information is our legitimate interest in maintaining, developing and enhancing the Website and the Platform.
The legal basis for processing your Inquiry Information for the purpose of responding to and handling your inquiry is our legitimate interests in responding to your inquiry.
The legal basis for processing your Contact Information and Inquiry Information for the purpose of marketing our services or offering the Platform to you is our legitimate interests in developing and maintaining our business relationship with you as a representative of an existing or prospective Business.
The legal basis for processing your Analytics Information for the purpose of handling instances of abusive use of the Platform is our legitimate interests in defending and enforcing against violations and breaches that are harmful to our business.
The legal basis for processing your information where we are legally required to share it, is our legitimate interests in complying with mandatory legal requirements imposed on us.
The legal basis for processing your information in the event of a change in our corporate structure is our legitimate interests in our business continuity.
With respect to Singular’s processing of your Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information, you have certain rights to access, update or delete information, obtain a copy of your information, withdraw your consent and object or restrict certain data processing activities.
If you are in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the following rights under the GDPR in relation to Singular’s processing of your Inquiry Information, Contact Information and Analytics Information:
Right to Access
your personal data that we process and receive a copy of it.
Right to Rectify
inaccurate personal data we have concerning you and to have incomplete personal data completed.
Right to Data Portability
, that is, to receive the personal data that you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You have the right to transmit this data to another service provider. Where technically feasible, you have the right that your personal data be transmitted directly from us to the service provider you designate.
Right to Object
, based on your particular situation, to using your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, including processing your information for marketing communications. However, in cases other than processing your information for marketing communications, we may override the objection if we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds, or for the establishment, exercise of defense of legal claims. You may also object at any time to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Right to Restrict
the processing your personal data (except for storing it) if you contest the accuracy of your personal data, for a period enabling us to verify its accuracy; if you believe that the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request instead to restrict its use; if we no longer need the personal data for the purposes outlined in this Policy, but you require them to establish, exercise or defense relating to legal claims, or if you object to processing, pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds for processing override yours.
Right to be Forgotten
. Under certain circumstances, such as when you object to us processing your data and we have no compelling legitimate grounds to override your objection, you have the right to ask us to erase your personal data. However, we may still process your personal data if it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation we are subject to under laws in EU Member States, the UK and Switzerland, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at
privacy@singular.net
.
We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with information. Where we are not able to provide you the information that you have asked for, we will explain the reason for this.
If you are the data subject of the Business Information we process on behalf of a Business, and would like to exercise any of your EU, UK or Switzerland rights, please contact the Business.
You have a right to submit a complaint to the relevant supervisory data protection authority.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If you are in the EU, UK or Switzerland, then according to Article 77 of the GDPR, you can lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement of the GDPR.
In the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
– Water Lane, Wycliffe House, Wilmslow – Cheshire SK9 5AF
– Tel. 0303 123 1113.
– Website:
https://ico.org.uk/
For a list of national supervisory authorities in the member states of the European Economic Area and their contact information, click here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
CPRA Information for consumers residing in California
If you are an individual residing in California, we provide you with the following information pursuant to the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA).
We do not collect, use, or disclose sensitive personal information.
This is the personal information we have collected over the past 12 months when we operate as a “business” under the CPRA:
Categories of Personal Information
Specific Types of Personal Information Collected
Source of Information
Identifiers
Name, work email address, phone number (within Inquiry information, and Contact Information)
Platform login information (within Contact Information)
The consumer themselves
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Subject of your inquiry (within Inquiry information and Contact Information)
The consumer themselves
Professional or employment-related information
Company name and position (within Inquiry information and Contact Information)
The consumer themselves or the Business they are associated with
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Subject of your inquiry expressing interest in our Platform
Information relating to the engagement between us and the Business which is made with the involvement of the consumer as a representative of the Business
The consumer themselves or the Business they are associated with
Internet or other electronic network activity information
IP address from which you access the Website or Platform, time and date of access, type of browser used, language used, links clicked, and actions taken while using the Website or Platform
The consumer’s device
The following are the CPRA specific business or commercial purposes for which we use each category of personal information. Details about the information we collect for each category are provided in the table above. More details about the business or commercial purposes are provided in the Privacy Policy’s section titled ‘HOW WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA’:
Categories of Personal Information
Business or commercial purposes pursuant to the CPRA
Identifiers
Professional or employment-related information
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer who is a job applicant
Processing transactions and verifying customer information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality of the service and to improve, upgrade or enhance the service
Debugging to identify and repair errors
The chart below explains the personal information we disclosed for a business purpose to third parties in the preceding 12 months:
Categories of personal information (under the CPRA)
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose your information and the specific business or commercial purpose for the disclosure
Identifiers
Professional or employment-related information
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Internet or other electronic network activity information
With outside legal counsels and authorities, for the purpose of responding to, handling, and mitigating suspected violations of law in connection with our business.
With third parties to which a law or binding order requires us to disclose your information to. Our purpose in doing so is complying with our obligations under the law or the binding order.
With the target entity of our merger, acquisition or reorganization, and legal counsels, and advisors, for the purpose of facilitating the structural change in the operation of our business within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition).
The chart below explains about the personal information we shared for online behaviorally targeted ads in the preceding 12 months. Other than this sharing, we have not sold your personal information in the preceding 12 months.
We do not have actual knowledge that we share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Categories of personal information
Categories of third parties to whom the information is shared for online behaviorally-targeted ads, and the specific business or commercial purpose for sharing
Internet Protocol (IP) address identifier that your device uses to connect to the internet, and mobile device advertising ID
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Location data
Inferences
Advertising networks, to show you ads based on your visit to our Website.
The following rights apply only to a California resident who is not a representative of a Business receiving a product or service from Singular and only in relation to personal information that is not in the context of the Business receiving a product or service from Singular:
Categories of Personal Information
Business or commercial purposes pursuant to the CPRA
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know:
·  The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
·  The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
·  Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information;
·  The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any;
·  The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
·  Delete your personal information from our records; and
·  Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
·  Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
·  Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
·  Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
·  Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
·  Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
·  Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research that adheres or conforms to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
·  Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us and compatible with the context in which you provided the information; or
·  Comply with an existing legal obligation.
We also will deny your request to delete if it proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort, or if another exception to the CPRA applies. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to delete your information.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
If we receive a verifiable request from you to correct your information and we determined the accuracy of the corrected information you provide, we will correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
In determining the accuracy of the personal information that is the subject of your request to correct, we will consider the totality of the circumstances relating to the contested personal information.
We also may require that you provide documentation if we believe it is necessary to rebut our own documentation that the personal information is accurate.
We may deny your request to correct in the following cases:
• We have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that your request to correct is fraudulent or abusive.
• We determine that the contested personal information is more likely than not accurate based on the totality of the circumstances.
• Conflict with federal or state law.
• Other exception to the CPRA.
• Inadequacy in the required documentation
• Compliance proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to correct your information.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sharing of Personal Information
We share your personal information for behaviorally-targeted ads, as explained above. You have a right to opt-out of that sharing. If you would like to exercise your right to opt-out, please send an email to
privacy@singular.net
.
Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CPRA. This means we cannot, among other things:
·  Deny goods or services to you;
·  Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
·  Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
·  Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods and/or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your personal information.
Disclosures to third parties
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (and other, similar state statutes) permits our customers who are California residents (or residents of states with similar legislation) to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@connatix.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Exercising your rights
If you would like to exercise any of your CPRA rights as described above, you should email us to:
privacy@singular.net
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CPRA on your behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained below.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal data requested to you, by using two or three points of the data verification process, depending on the type of information you require.
Data Privacy Framework
We comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to ICDR-AAA, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of ICDR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Before you can invoke this binding arbitration mechanism, you must take the following steps:
(1) raise the claimed violation directly with us, and give us an opportunity to resolve the issue within 45 days;
(2) make use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism explained above, which is at no cost to you; and
(3) raise the issue through your Data Protection Authority to the U.S. Department of Commerce and give the Department of Commerce an opportunity to use best efforts to resolve the issue.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Limited Use Policy in Relation to Google APIs
Our use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Privacy Notice in Relation to Children’s Privacy
For children’s privacy information, refer to our Children’s Privacy Notice here:
www.singular.net/children-privacy-notice
Changes to this privacy notice
If we change this Privacy Policy, we will make efforts to proactively notify you of such changes.
From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy. If we do so, we will make efforts to proactively notify you of such changes. In any event, the latest version of the Privacy Policy will always be accessible at
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy
.
Last Updated: February 9, 2025
English
Portuguese
Spanish
Chinese
Korean
English
Portuguese
Spanish
Chinese
Korean
Sub-policy 2
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account