This Privacy Policy explains how ChicPoint (collectively, "we," "us," or "our") collect, use, share and process your information as well as the rights and choices you have associated with that information. This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information collected during any written, electronic, and oral communications or collected online or offline.
Please read this Policy before accessing or using our Services. If you cannot agree with this Policy or the Terms and Conditions, please do not access or use our Services. If you are located in a jurisdiction outside the European Economic Area, by using our Services, you accept our privacy practices described in this Policy.
We may modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, and changes may apply to any Personal Information we already hold about you, as well as any new Personal Information collected after the Policy is modified. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Policy. We will provide you with advanced notice if we make any material changes to how we collect, use or disclose your Personal Information that impact your rights under this Policy. If you are located in a jurisdiction other than the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland (collectively “European Countries”), your continued access or use of our Services after receiving the notice of changes, constitutes your acknowledgement that you accept the updated Policy.
In addition, we may provide you with real time disclosures or additional information about the Personal Information handling practices of specific parts of our Services. Such notices may supplement this Policy or provide you with additional choices about how we process your Personal Information.
1. Personal Information We Collect
We collect personal information when you use our Services, create an account with us or submit personal information when requested with the Site. Personal information generally is any information that relates to you, identifies you personally or could be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, phone number, address and payment account number. The definition of personal information varies by jurisdiction. Only the definition that applies to you based on your location applies to you under this Privacy Policy. Personal information does not include data that has been irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.
The types of personal information that we may collect about you include, but are not limited to:
A.
Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us to execute the purchase or services contract.
We collect your personal information you give us when you use our Services. For example, if you visit our Site and place an order, we collect information that you provide to us during the ordering process. This information will include your first and last name, mailing address, email address, phone number, payment account or credit card information. In some regions, , passport information and tax number are also needed for customer clearance . We may also collect personal information when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, or when you complete online forms or surveys provided on the Site.
B.
Information You Provide to us to improve our products and services.
You may voluntarily provide us with your height, age, and weight and measurements and your preference. This information is used by us to recommend clothing sizes, and to provide fit prediction services for you.
C.
Information You Post on the Site.
If you post information on public areas of the Site, for example a customer review, that information may be collected and used by us, users of the Site, and the public generally. We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through the Site that allows strangers to identify or locate you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public.
D.
Information You Provide through our Email on the Site.
You may provide personal information through our Email which is available on the Site 24 hours a day. We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through the Email that you are not comfortable sharing with a Email employee.
E.
Information You Provide to Participate in Sweepstakes.
From time to time, we may ask you to complete a survey and/or offer you an opportunity to participate in promotions, programsand/or sweepstakes (collectively, “Promotions”) via the Site or through a third-party platform. If you choose to participate in a Promotion, we will collect and store the personal information you provide in connection with your participation in the Promotion, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, date of birth, and/or phone number. Such information shall be subject to this Privacy Policy unless otherwise stated in the official rules or guidelines of the Promotion or in another privacy policy governing the Promotion.
Information we collect in connection with a Promotion will be used to administer the Promotion, such as by notifying winners and distributing prizes. As permitted by applicable law, your information may also be used by us or the Promotion sponsor for marketing purposes. Your entry into the Promotion may result in the addition of your information to our mailing list as well as to the mailing list of our promotional partners. Acceptance of a prize may require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your information via the Site, such as on a winner's page.
F.
Information Automatically Collected Through the Site.
We may automatically collect personal information about you when you use the Site. For example, if you access the Site through a computer, we will automatically collect information such as your browser type and version, computer and connection information, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and standard web log information. If you access the Site through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer. Please see section 2 below to learn more about our automatic Personal information processing activities.
G.Photographs you upload to our Services in accordance with our Terms and Conditions, to provide product advice, and toallow you to voluntarily show other potential customers what items may look like when purchased or worn.
2. How We Use Your Personal Information
We will only use your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed to you prior to such processing taking place.
A.
To Provide You Our Services.
We will use your personal information to provide information or perform Services that you request, including managing your request as a registered user of our Site. If the applicable information is to be provided or Service is to be performed by a third party, then we will disclose the applicable information to the third party providing the information or performing applicable Services. All third parties that we work with are contractually obligated to protect your information as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
B.
For Internal Use.
We use your personal information for the purposes of furthering our business, including improving our Site's content and functionality by analyzing where, on which types of devices and how our Site is used, how many visitors we receive, and where they click through to the Site from. We also use it to remember you in case you re-visit our Site, so we will know if you have already been served with surveys, or (where Site content is undergoing testing) which version of the content you were served.
C.
To Provide You with Service-Related Communications.
We will send you administrative or account-related information to keep you updated about your account and the Services. Such communications may include information about Privacy Policy updates, confirmations of your account actions or transactions, security updates or tips or other relevant transaction-related information. We process your contact information to send you such communications. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You are not able to unsubscribe from such communications, otherwise you may miss important developments relating to your account or the Services.
D.
To Provide Customer Support or Respond to You.
We collect any information that you provide to us when you contact us. Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.
E.
To Ensure the Security of the Services.
We care about keeping you secure and safe while using our Services. Keeping you safe requires us to process your personal information, such as your device information, activity information and other relevant information. We use such information to combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; improve and enforce our security measures; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not gain access to your information. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your personal information for security purposes.
F.
To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms and Agreements or Policies.
When you access or use our Services, you are bound to our Terms and Conditions. To ensure you comply with them, we process your personal information by actively monitoring, investigating, preventing and mitigating any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services. Subject to the applicable law, we may also process your personal information to: investigate, prevent or mitigate violations of our internal terms, agreements or policies and enforce our agreements with third parties and business partners.
G.
To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance.
Our Services are subject to certain laws and regulations which may require us to process your personal information. For example, we process your personal information to pay our taxes, to fulfill our business obligations, ensure compliance with employment and recruitment laws or as necessary to manage risk as required under applicable law. Without processing your personal information for such purposes, we cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements.
H.
Photographs you upload to our Services in accordance with our Terms and Conditions, to provide product advice, and toallow you to voluntarily show other potential customers what items may look like when purchased or worn.
3.Sharing Your Personal Information
Other than sharing your personal information so that you can use our Services, or as required or permitted by law, we do not share personal information about you with non-affiliated third parties. We may disclose your personal information as described below.
A.
Within Our Corporate Organization.
ChicPoint is a part of a corporate organization that has several legal entities, business processes, management structures and technical systems. ChicPoint may share your personal information within this organization to provide you with the Services and take actions based on your request.
B.
Third Parties.
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers acting on our behalf to help us operate our Services. These third parties can only use your data in accordance with our written instructions and must comply with the information security protections we have put in place.
SDK name: com.igexin.sdk
Purpose: message push service provider
Data type: device platform, device manufacturer and brand, device model and system version, device identification code, device serial number and other device information, application list information, network information and location-related information
C.
To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance.
We have the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator or any other legal process served on ChicPoint If there is a takeover, sale or purchase of our business, we may disclose your personal information to the new (or prospective) owner of the business.
D.
Third Party Advertisers.
In certain circumstances, and subject to the applicable law, we may share your personal information with third parties to market their products or services to you.
E.
Co-Branded Services and Features.
Portions of our Site or Services may be offered as part of co-branded services and features. We will share your personal information with our co-branded partners based on your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature. The co-branded partners will be identified on the co-branded feature or service, along with an applicable co-branded partner's privacy policy. Use of your personal information by a co-branded partner will be subject to a co-branded partner’s privacy policy. If you wish to opt-out of a co-branded partner’s future use of your personal information, you will need to contact the co-branded partner directly.
F.
Consent.
We may disclose your personal information for any purpose with your consent.
G.Users can request data deletion through "Account-Setting-About us-Delete data"
H.
Photographs you upload to our Services in accordance with our Terms and Conditions may be shared by users in our app.
4. Security Precautions
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to guard and prevent misuse of your personal information. Our security measures include industry-standard physical, technical and administrative measures to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information, to maintain data accuracy, to ensure the appropriate use of information, and otherwise safeguard your personal information. We restrict access to your non-public personal information to those employees and third parties who need such information to provide products or Services.
Please recognize that protecting your personal information is also your responsibility. We ask you to be responsible for safeguarding your password, secret questions and answers and other authentication information you use to access our Services.
We use SDK "Appsflyer/Firebase/Sensors/
com.igexin
" to analysis data.
Developer: ChicWorld Limited