Choose your location:
Resident outside the United States
Resident of the United States
Update
Privacy Notice
Last updated:
September 2023
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully.  It describes how Willis Towers Watson, which operates worldwide through its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Willis Towers Watson”, “we” or “our”), collects and processes your Personal Information which it obtains through the provision and operation of our Applications and Services (as defined below), including the use of our administration and brokerage technology solutions which may be accessed by you through Embark.
When we use the term “
Application
” or “
Applications
” in this Privacy Notice, we are referring collectively to the administration and brokerage technology solution applications themselves, and/or the Embark application.  When we refer to an Application or Applications together with related products or services which we provide to clients for your use, we use the term “
Services
.”  Both our Applications and Services may be accessed either through a mobile device using a dedicated Application or through any device with a browser via this website and other websites which we control and link to this Privacy Notice.
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) and similar laws, you will find a list of our Services, related Applications and identified controllers in the section
Listing of Services
,
Applications and Classifications
.  Residents of the European Union/European Economic Area (“
EU/EEA
”), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), Turkey, Brazil, the Philippines or Mainland China, please see the section
Additional Information for Residents of Certain Jurisdictions
for more information specific to you.
In this Privacy Notice where we refer to
Personal Information
, we mean information that identifies you, and/or as appropriate, your dependents and/or beneficiaries, either directly or indirectly.
Our use of the term “Personal Information” in this Privacy Notice includes other similar terms under applicable privacy laws - such as “personal data” and “personally identifiable information.”   In general, Personal Information includes any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated, linked, or linkable with a particular individual.  We also refer to our “
Clients
” which means your current, prospective, or former employer or other employers that use the Services, including the Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor, where appropriate, or any other services we offer through the Applications.
In this Privacy Notice we describe the collection, use, disclosure, and processing of Personal Information that we collect through the Applications and when we provide the Services. Separately, there are
Terms of Use
which explain how the Applications are to be used.
Our collection, use, and disclosure and processing of Personal Information about individuals will vary depending upon the circumstances and Services we provide.  This Privacy Notice is intended to describe the overall privacy and data protection practices associated with the Services and Applications.  In some cases, different or additional notices about our data collection and processing practices may be provided and apply to our processing of certain personal information or use of certain applications or services.  For more information, please see the sections
Listing of Services, Applications and Classifications
and
Additional Information for Residents of Certain Jurisdictions
for additional information specific to you.
This Privacy Notice also applies to Personal Information provided by our Clients (who may be your current, prospective, or former employer, Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor), that we collect through your use of the Services and Applications, or at times, may be collected from other sources including from our Clients directly. This can be Personal Information you provide about yourself, and/or as appropriate, about your dependents and/or beneficiaries. By providing the Personal Information of dependents or beneficiaries, you represent that you have the proper authority or their consent to provide their Personal Information to us.
In providing the Services enabled by the Applications or other technology solutions used by you as a prospective, current or former employee of our Clients, we are required to comply with applicable data protection laws including the EU GDPR, member states’ supplementary laws, the UK GDPR, the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection, Brazil’s Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”), China Personal Information Protection Law (
"PIPL"
) and other similar laws.   These data protection laws impose obligations on us relating to our collection and use of your Personal Information. You will find a list of our Services offered in the EU and other regions, along with our data role classification under the GDPR or other similar laws for those Services (which will vary depending on exact circumstances) in the section
Listing of Services, Applications and Classifications
.
Under the GDPR, where we act in our capacity as a “controller” with respect to Personal Information, this Privacy Notice will apply, as explained below.  Furthermore, Willis Towers Watson plc is the controller, unless the processing is controlled by another Willis Towers Watson entity.  With respect to our Services and other business activities, in general, the Willis Towers Watson group company with whom you engage is the controller for your Personal Information, together with Willis Towers Watson plc, the parent company for the Willis Towers Watson group.  You can find information about exceptions to this controller entity along with a list of our Services which operate under the GDPR and similar laws, and associated GDPR and similar classifications in the section
Listing of Services, Applications and Classifications
.
Brazil
Please refer to the section
Additional Information for Residents of Certain Jurisdictions
Germany
Pension benefit administration: Data Controller using Benefit Connect application
Poland
Health and risk benefit brokerage and administration: Data Processor using Benefits Access and Benefits Engine applications
United Kingdom
Pension benefit administration: Data Processor using Benefit Connect application
Western Europe
Pension benefit brokerage and administration: Data Controller (except where local specificities apply) using Pension Access application
Mainland China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Singapore
Flexible Spending Account administration: Data Controller using Flexible Spending Account application
Thailand
Flexible Spending Account administration: Data Processor using Flexible Spending Account application
All other countries where we operate
Employee surveys: Data Processor using Employee Engagement Software application
Health and risk benefit brokerage and administration: Data Controller using Benefits Access and Benefits Engine applications
Integrated employee experience platform providing access to other services: Data Controller and Processor depending on the Services using the Embark application
In Spain, the relevant controllers are Willis Iberia Correduría de Seguros y Reaseguros SAU or Towers Watson de España SA.
In Germany, the relevant controller is Willis Towers Watson GmbH, Ulmenstrasse 30, 65189 Frankfurt am Main.
For the application Pension Access, the relevant controller is Willis Towers Watson GmbH, Ulmenstrasse 30, 65189 Frankfurt am Main.
All data controllers, including those identified in this section, can be reached as set forth in the
Contacts & Comments
section.
To find out more, please contact us at
privacy@willistowerswatson.com
for the name of the local Willis Towers Watson entity(ies) who is/are providing the Service to you.
The Services available via the Applications use cookies. You can find out more about the cookies we use and why, by viewing our
Cookie Notice
. Our Cookie Notice should be read together with this Privacy Notice.
The type and amount of Personal Information which we collect, sometimes partly or entirely automatically or non-automatically, will vary depending on various factors, including your personal circumstances, but may include any combination of the following if necessary and applicable related to you, your dependents, or your beneficiaries:
contact details such as name, postal address, email address, and telephone number and other similar contact information;
gender, age, date of birth, marital status, nationality, country of residence, occupation, employment details, hobbies, family composition, dependents, and other similar demographic information;
your unique personal identifiers such as Social Security number, Social Insurance number, bank account numbers and transaction details, passport number, and employee number;
human resources data, such as job title and role; benefits and compensation information; dependent/beneficiary information; educational, academic and professional qualifications information; emergency contact information; and performance management information;
information about your finances, property and assets, such as details of your income and existing pension/insurance arrangements and amounts insured/claimed;
physical or mental conditions, medical reports, hospitals and heath institutions, health insurance information (including salary), premiums in the past, the date of beginning of insurance coverage, personal health exceptions, additional premiums, general exceptions, amendments, premiums, damages paid under health insurance, personal retirement plan schemes and salaries, contributions, total accumulations, and fund allocation;
information about physical or mental health, including medical reports, hospital and health institutions utilized, medical history, description of illness or injury suffered, and any specific treatment received if required for insurance underwriting purposes. In some jurisdictions this is considered Sensitive Personal Information;
information about you which we are obliged to check for legal or regulatory reasons, such as information relating to your identity and if relevant, your criminal history (including allegations of crimes). In some jurisdictions this is considered Sensitive Personal Information;
details of the events which WTW collects and processes in connection with the provision of services (including the Services), for example, details of events which cause any insurance indemnity sent by you or on your behalf through our Applications and Services, and information about your access and use of our Applications and Services, as set out in this Privacy Notice and applicable Cookie Notices.  We also monitor device event information;
statements made by or about you, and records of communications;
other information which we collect and process in connection with the provision of the Services, such as policy information, claims information, benefits selections and payment records;
information you may voluntarily submit to us by completing any form on our websites;
we may also collect Personal Information through offline channels, such as when you call our service centers.
We may collect Personal Information from the following sources:
from you,
from our Client, your prospective, current or former employer, who may also be a controller with respect to your Personal Information and you may wish to consult with them in the first instance if you have any questions about the processing of Personal Information,
from the Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor, such as through data files received from the Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor,
through our Services, such as when you model your benefits or provide or make changes through our websites,
offline, such as through mail or when you contact our telephone service centers, if any,
from other sources, including public records, third parties engaged by the Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor to provide benefits-related services, public sources, insurance companies, government agencies along with regulatory and tax authorities or other organizations with whom you have dealings.
We will collect Personal Information only for one or more of the purposes described in the section
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Information
.
It is not mandatory for you to provide any Personal Information, but a failure to do so might impact or restrict the type of service we are able to provide to you or your prospective, current or former employer.
Where required by local laws to obtain express consent to any processing activity envisaged by this notice, we will do so before processing your Personal Information.   Where we must have a legal basis to process Personal Information, in most cases the legal basis will be one of the following:
for our legitimate interests, for example to provide services to our clients (including the Services), to ensure that the Services are appropriate, available and secure, to improve our Services, manage our risks, maintain accurate transaction records, and manage our business in an efficient way,
for the legitimate interests of our clients and other third parties (for example, to investigate and assess claims made against policies held or underwritten by them and to prevent and detect suspicions of fraud),
to comply with our legal obligations such as due diligence and reporting obligations,
to perform a contract with you,
explicitly as required by laws,
where required to enable us as a data controller to fulfil our legal responsibilities, or
for the legitimate interests or benefits of our Clients, where they are data controllers, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties are not damaged.
Some of the categories of information that we collect are special categories of Personal Information ("Sensitive Personal Information"). These include your health records (such as your medical history and reports on medical diagnoses, injuries and treatment); information about your personal characteristics and circumstances of a sensitive nature such as your racial or ethnic origin, sex life, mental and physical health and genetic information.  We process Sensitive Personal Information on the following legal bases:
consent which you have provided to your prospective, current or former employer. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as set forth in the
Contacts & Comments
section. Where we use Personal Information of your dependents and/or beneficiaries, they also have this right,
to establish, exercise or defend legal claims,
where legislation otherwise permits us to process Sensitive Personal Information (for example, where the processing is necessary for insurance purposes).
We use Personal Information as follows:
so that you can access and sign into the Applications, to deal with your questions and process any Personal Information you provide when you contact us with questions or provide information through the Applications’ support feature,
to display your benefit or other summary information and provide access to the Applications which provide the details of this information,
to provide the Services and fulfil our contractual obligations to our clients,
to conduct data analysis, including on use of the Applications and Services,
for fraud monitoring, investigation, prevention, detection and where necessary to take action,
to help develop new services and to enhance, improve or modify our services,
to operate and expand our business activities,
to carry out background checks and conduct due diligence if legally required to do so,
to perform administrative activities in connection with our Services,
to exercise, defend or protect our legal rights or the rights of our clients or third parties, and
to comply with legal and professional obligations and to cooperate with regulatory bodies.
Our uses of Personal Information will always be subject to and consistent with our contractual agreements with our Clients, including Plan Trustees and PlanSponsors.
We also analyze Personal Information for the purposes of risk assessment, fraud prevention and detection, and to report to our clients as part of the Services.  The way we analyze Personal Information for the purposes of risk assessment, fraud prevention and detection, and to report to our clients as part of the Services may involve profiling, which means that we may process your Personal Information using software that is able to evaluate your personal aspects and predict risks or outcomes.
We may also aggregate, de-identify or anonymize Personal Information. Aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data is not capable of identifying individuals and is not treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Notice.
Except as set forth herein, we do not sell or share Personal Information with third parties for their own separate use. Rather, data may be shared with third parties retained by Willis Towers Watson for purposes of fulfilling their obligations to Willis Towers Watson only.
Because we are a global company, and subject to our contractual commitments to individual Clients, except as set forth below, Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by one of our affiliates or subsidiaries in a country that is not regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for Personal Information under applicable law (including Bermuda, the European Union, India, Quebec, the United States, and other jurisdictions, in which we or our service providers operate (including European Union law). We have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to ensure that your data is adequately protected. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us as set forth in the
Contacts & Comments
section.  For Benefits Access and Pension Access, our data is maintained in the Netherlands and Ireland.  For Employee Engagement Surveys our data is maintained in Reigate, UK.
For the delivery of our Services and Applications, we may use external service providers such as Microsoft Azure and Amazon AWS.   We request our external service providers to implement and apply security safeguards to ensure the privacy and security of your Personal Information. These third parties have agreed to confidentiality restrictions and to use of any Personal Information we share with them or which they collect on our behalf solely for the purpose of providing the contracted service to us.
We may share Personal Information with third parties under the following circumstances:
to any Willis Towers Watson group company for the uses and purposes set out above,
to our clients, intermediaries, advisers and business partners (such as insurance companies) for the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to clients, for example to deliver our services (including the Services) and to arrange insurance products for you and our clients,
to third party service providers such as entities providing customer service, email delivery, auditing and other services,
to any court, regulator, law enforcement agency, government body or professional body, if we are obliged to disclose Personal Information under applicable law or regulation, which may include laws outside your country of residence,
in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings) your Personal Information may be shared with the acquiring or successor entity along with its affiliates and subsidiaries.
In certain cases, we may share Personal Information with additional service providers offered by your employer through your employment relationship. We do this on the instructions of your employer. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place in relation to this transfer, please check your employer’s privacy notice.
You may request to review, make amendments, have deleted or otherwise exercise your rights under applicable privacy laws over your personal information that we hold, subject to certain limitations under applicable law.
Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make reasonable efforts to honor your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.  You may submit a request to us related to your Personal Information in one of the following ways:
•           by submitting a request to us at
www.willistowerswatson.com
•           by emailing us at
mailto:dataaccessrequest@willistowerswatson.com
Individual rights regarding Personal Information vary from country to country.  Some of these rights might be subject to exemptions or limitations under applicable laws.  We encourage you to contact us should you have any questions on the specific rights available to you under the privacy laws in your country.  Please see
Additional Information for Residents in Certain Jurisdictions
for details specific to residents of the EU/EEA, Switzerland, the UK, Turkey, Brazil, the Philippines or Mainland China.
We take steps in accordance with applicable legislation to keep your Personal Information accurate, complete and up to date. If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, or restrict the processing of your personal information or request a copy of personal information about you, you may contact us by sending us an email at
mailto:dataaccessrequest@willistowerswatson.com
or sending your request by postal mail to the address provided in the
Contacts & Comments
section.  Residents of the EU/EEA, UK, Turkey, Brazil, the Philippines or Mainland China, please see the section
Additional Information for Residents in Certain Jurisdictions
for more information specific to you.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.  We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
In most countries you also have the right to approach the local supervisory authority if you have concerns about how we are processing your Personal Information,  We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issue with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time. Please contact us if you require contact details of the relevant local supervisory authority in any country where we operate.
Where we act on behalf of your employer, Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor with respect to benefits administration services, your employer, Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor may be legally responsible for fulfilling any requests for Personal Information from you.  Moreover, in these types of engagements, data may be accessed and, in some cases, corrected through our self-service application. If you do not want to, or you are unable to, self-serve through our application, you may exercise your rights by contacting your employer, Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor, subject to applicable law.
By using our Services, you are agreeing with this Privacy Notice and are providing us with consent to collect, process, use, and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Our standard process for many communications is to send information regarding your benefits and other communications electronically via email or our online portal. You may request to receive communications by paper mail in accordance with the
Contacts & Comments
section.
You may opt out from receiving marketing-related communications from us on a going-forward basis by contacting us or by using the unsubscribe mechanism contained in each email. We will make every effort to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out.
The Services may include links to websites for your employer, Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor and other third parties such as insurance carriers, government agencies, and financial service providers. If you access these links, you will be leaving the Services. Your use of such third-party sites is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties, not by this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including the Plan Trustee, Plan Sponsor or any third party operating any site or service to which the Services may link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
Willis Towers Watson maintains appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the security of your data against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration. These measures are aimed at ensuring the ongoing integrity and confidentiality of Personal Information. We evaluate these measures on a regular basis to ensure the security of the processing.
We will retain Personal Information for as long as is necessary for the provision of Services.  When we no longer need Personal Information in connection with the Services, we will then retain Personal Information for a period of time that reasonably allows us to:
comply with our regulatory obligations;
maintain business records for analysis and/or audit purposes;
commence or defend legal claims;
comply with records retention requirements under applicable laws or regulations;
comply with legal or other regulatory obligations; defend or bring any existing or potential legal claims; and
deal with any complaints regarding our activities.
We will delete your Personal Information when it is no longer required for these purposes. If there is any information that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further processing or use of the data.  We may retain aggregated or anonymized data (which is not treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Notice) for longer.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you believe that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the
Contacts & Comments
section.
We have the capability to monitor your access and use of the Services and Applications.  We may make use of such monitoring capability where this is considered necessary to protect Personal Information.  Such monitoring forms part of the information security measures deployed by us.
The Applications and Services are not directed to individuals under certain ages as prescribed by local laws (“Minors”).  We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from Minors.  By providing the Personal Information of dependents or beneficiaries who may be Minors, you represent that you have the proper authority or consent from those with proper authority to provide their Personal Information to us.
You may request a copy of this Privacy Notice from us using the contact details set out in the
Contacts & Comments
section.
We regularly review this Privacy Notice to ensure it is up to date and accurate. Where the Privacy Notice has been updated, it can be clearly identified by reference to the date of this Privacy Notice above.  We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Notice by posting the revised Privacy Notice on our website.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Notice, no matter which of our affiliate companies is the controller, please contact our Global Privacy Office at the Willis Building, 51 Lime Street, London EC3M 7DQ or at
mailto:privacy@willistowerswatson.com
.  Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
If you reside in Canada, you may contact us by mail using the following information: Willis Towers Watson Canada, Inc., Privacy Officer, 130 King Street W, Exchange Tower, Suite 1500, P.O. Box 424, Toronto, ON  M5X 1E3, or by email at mailto:privacy@willistowerswatson.com or telephone at +1.416.960.2700.
Where we administer benefits on behalf your current or former employer, there may be other ways to contact us, including through our service centers or through the Plan Trustee or Plan Sponsor.
This section provides additional information under applicable privacy laws in the following jurisdictions:
EU/EEA, Switzerland and UK residents
Turkey residents
Brazil residents
Philippines residents
Mainland China residents
Additional Information for EU/EEA, Switzerland and UK Residents
Residents of the EU/EEA and UK have the following rights, under the GDPR or similar laws, regarding their Personal Information:
Right of access:
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed, and where that is the case, to request access to the Personal Information. The accessed information includes – among others - the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the Personal Information have been or will be disclosed. You have the right to obtain a copy of the Personal Information undergoing processing. For further copies requested by you, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.
Right to rectify and complete Personal Information:
You can request the rectification of inaccurate data and the completion of incomplete data. We will inform relevant third parties to whom we have transferred your data about the rectification and completion if we are legally obliged to do so.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten):
You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of Personal Information concerning you in limited circumstances where:
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected; or
you have withdrawn your consent (where the data processing was based on consent); or
following a successful right to object; or
it has been processed unlawfully; or
the data has to be erased in order to comply with a legal obligation to which Willis Towers Watson is subject.
We are not required to comply with your request to erase Personal Information if the processing of your Personal Information is necessary for:
compliance with a legal obligation; or
the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing your Personal Information. In this case, the respective data will be marked and only be processed by us for certain purposes. This right can only be exercised where:
the accuracy of your Personal Information is contested, to allow us to verify its accuracy; or
the processing is unlawful, but you do not want the Personal Information erased; or
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, but you still need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
you have exercised the right to object, and verification of overriding grounds is pending.
We can continue to use your Personal Information following a request for restriction, where:
we have your consent; or
to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive the Personal Information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit those data to another entity without hindrance from us, but in each case only where the processing is (a) based on your consent or on the performance of a contract with you, and (b) also carried out by automated means.
Right to object:
You have the right to object at any time to any processing of your Personal Information which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis. You may exercise this right without incurring any costs.  If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms. The right to object does not exist, in particular, if the processing of your Personal Information is necessary to take steps prior to entering into a contract or to perform a contract already concluded.
Right to object to our use of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes:
You can request that we change the manner in which we contact you for marketing purposes. You can request that we do not transfer your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties for the purposes of direct marketing or any other purposes.
Right to withdraw consent:
if you have given us your consent for the processing of your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Right to obtain a copy of safeguards:
you can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to, the safeguards under which your Personal Information is transferred outside the EU/EEA, Switzerland or the UK. We may redact data transfer agreements to protect commercial terms.
Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority:
Except as otherwise specified below, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you have concerns about how we are processing your Personal Information.  We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issue with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Information for Denmark Residents
According to Danish regulation, we may only send marketing-related communications to residents of Denmark if we have been provided with a prior written consent from the individual. Therefore, you will not receive marketing-related communications if you have not provided us with your prior written consent.
When this Privacy Notice mentions situations where we contact you for marketing purposes, it will only be relevant to you if you have provided us with your prior written consent to receive such information.
For Germany and the system Pension Access you can raise a complaint with our German Data Protection Officer or the responsible Data Protection Authority using the following contact details:
Der Datenschutzbeauftragte der Willis Towers Watson GmbH, Wettinerstr. 3, 65189 Wiesbaden, Germany
Der Hessische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit (HBDI), Postfach 3163, 65021 Wiesbaden, Germany
Additional Information for Turkey Residents
In terms of the items below, we will not process your personal data, unless you have expressly consented to the processing of:
personal and specially categorized personal data by Data Controller(s) for the purpose of competent management of health insurances, including, collecting offers, entering into agreements with insurance companies, determining terms and conditions, exercising agreements, auditing insurance services, reporting damages payments to Data Controller(s); and
to the transfer of personal and specially categorized personal data by WİLLİS TOWERS WATSON SİGORTA VE REASÜRANS BROKERLİĞİ A.Ş. and  TOWERS WATSON DANIŞMANLIK LIMITED ŞİRKETİ to the WTW group companies and to entire direct and/or indirect affiliates of WTW, outside Turkey and to insurance companies inside Turkey which includes data sharing between such companies for the purpose of health insurance management.
Within the scope of Article 11 of the Turkish Personal Data Protection Act, as a personal data subject, you may send requests related to your rights to the Data Controller in writing as per Communique on Principles on Application to Data Controller, using the contact details set out in the
Contacts & Comments
section or at Esentepe Mah. Büyükdere Caddesi No:127 Astoria İş Merkezi A Kule Kat:4, 34394 Şişli/İstanbul or you may email us at
mailto:willistowerswatson@hs01.kep.tr.
or
mailto:privacy@willistowerswatson.com
. In addition, under Turkish law, personal data subjects are entitled to:
learn whether Personal Information about them is processed;
request information, if Personal Information are processed;
learn the purpose of Personal Information processing, and whether those are utilized for such purpose;
be aware of third persons such personal data are transferred, inland or abroad;
ask for correction of Personal Information, if the same are missing or erroneously processed; and to ask for notification of third persons accordingly, who received such personal data;
despite processing in accordance with the Turkish Personal Data Protection Act and other relevant legislation, if the ground for processing such Personal Information no longer exists, the data owner may ask for deletion or destruction of personal data, and to ask for notification of third persons accordingly, who received such Personal Information;
oppose to an adverse conclusion which may arise out of analysis of Personal Information processed through automated systems;
ask for compensation, in case of loss, due to illegal processing of Personal Information.
In Turkey, subject to your explicit consent your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country that is not regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for Personal Information under Turkish law. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details in this section or as set forth in the
Contacts & Comments
section.
Additional Information for Brazil Residents
This section applies to the processing of Personal Information of residents of Brazil who are covered by the LGPD.
Scope:
In addition to the circumstances set forth above, the LGPD applies when we process personal data subject to protect fundamental rights of freedom, privacy and the free development of the personality of individuals.
Sensitive Personal Data under the LGPD:
Sensitive personal data under the LGPD includes personal data about racial or ethnic origin, religious belief, political opinion, union membership or organization of a religious, philosophical or political nature, data relating to health or sexual life, genetic or biometric data, when linked to a natural person.  Please see the section
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Information
for more information on how we treat sensitive personal data.
Controller and Processor Information:
The following applications operate in Brazil:  Benefits Access, Employee Engagement Software and Embark.  For purposes of the LGPD, these Applications and Services are classified as follows:
Benefits Access (health and risk brokerage and administration), we act as a controller.
Employee Engagement Software (employee opinion surveys), we act as a processor.
Embark (integrated employee experience platform providing access to other Applications and Services) we are a controller and processor depending on the Services.
Individual rights:
Under the LGPD, individuals have certain rights related to their personal data, subject to other limitations in this law, as follows:
Confirmation of the existence of data processing;
Access to your personal data;
Correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or out-of-date data;
Anonymization, blocking, or deletion of unnecessary or excessive data, or data processed in non-compliance with LGPD;
Portability of data to another service or product provider, subject to the LGPD;
Deletion of personal data, to the extent permitted by the LGPD;
Information about the entities with whom we have shared personal data;
Information about the possibility of denying consent and consequences of such denial;
Revocation of consent.
Processing of Children’s Personal Data:
We process personal data belonging to children and adolescents, defined as individuals 12 years or younger.  In this case, in accordance with the LGPD, we process children´s personal data when in their own best interests and with the specific consent of at least one of their parents or legal representatives.
Contacting Us in Brazil:
If you have any questions or comments about Privacy Notice as it relates to the LGPD or our processing activities in Brazil, please contact our Brazil Data Protection Officer at
mailto:privacy.brasil@willistowerswatson.com
.
Additional Information for Philippines Residents
Under certain circumstances where permitted by law, residents of the Philippines also may be entitled to indemnity for damages caused by inaccurate, incomplete, outdated, false, unlawfully obtained or unauthorized use of Personal Information.
Additional Information for Mainland China Residents
This section applies to the processing of Personal Information of residents of Mainland China who are covered by PIPL
Sensitive Personal Data under PIPL
means the personal information of which the leakage or illegal use could easily lead to the violation of the personal dignity of a natural person or harm to personal or property safety, including information on biometric identification, religious beliefs, specific identity, health care, financial accounts, and personal whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
Additional Individual Rights:
In addition to the “
Individual Rights
” stated above, a data subject also has the right to:
request us to explain our personal information processing rules;
have his or her close relatives  exercise the rights to consult, duplicate, correct and delete the data subject’s relevant personal information upon the data subject’s passing on and in accordance to the provisions set out under the applicable law.
Contacting Us in Mainland China:
If you have any questions or comments about Privacy Notice as it relates to PIPL or our data processing activities in Mainland China, please contact our China Data Protection Officer at
dataprivacycn@willistowerswatson.com
.