‍
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Dec 26th, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Evolve Medical Systems, LLC, 2292, Faraday Ave, Suite 63, Carlsbad, CA 92008, USA.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Health Research Study
, A research study involving human volunteers (also called participants) that is intended to add to medical knowledge.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Glucobyte
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Service
refers to the Application.
Country
refers to: Minnesota, United States
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Third-party Social Media Service
refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Facebook Fan Page
is a public profile named Evolve Medical Systems specifically created by the Company on the Facebook social network, accessible from https://www.facebook.com/EvolveMedicalSystems
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Do Not Track
(DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Business
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Sale
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's Personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Usage Data may also include information that qualifies you to participate in Health Research Studies.
Health Research Studies
We may partner with Academic Institutions or other Research Centers to help them recruit you for Health Research Studies. We may use Your Usage Data to determine if you qualify for a study but You decide if you would like to participate in the study or not. To enroll in any Studies, you must first review and sign an informed consent and authorization form (if applicable) ("Informed Consent") for the Study. By using our Application, you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy and as outlined in the Informed Consent. To the extent anything in this Privacy Policy conflicts with the Informed Consent, the terms of the Informed Consent will control.
Information Collected for Health Research Studies
When you download our Application, below are examples of the categories of information (which may include some personal information) that may be collected from or about You through Our Application ("Study Data"). The specific categories of information that will be collected about You as part of a Health Research Study will be described in the Informed Consent. We use the below information to qualify You for a Health Research Study but the data exchange of the Health Research Study itself is between You and the Researcher. This means that while the Researcher may be able to identify You individually (for example, to compensate You for the study with a gift card), We will only know a total count of number of people who successfully enrolled in the study and analytics around it (For example, number of times We prompted qualified users to participate in the study). Again, even if We show You a banner within the App to participate in the study, You decide if you would like to participate in the study or not. We will never share your health data without your formal consent.
Contact information
such as your name, email address, and phone number.
Demographic information
, such as your age, gender, state of residence, and race.
Medical history and information
, such as your blood glucose, insulin, medication, ketone, weight, calories, carbs, prior medical diagnosis and testing (e.g., Diabetes), current and previous use of certain medications (e.g., blood glucose medications), certain family history (e.g., history of atrial fibrillation) and health habits (e.g., smoking). This information may be collected through in-app surveys or other health surveys that you may be asked to complete.
‍
Technical data
, which in many cases is non-personal information, i.e., data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. Technical data includes, for example, information about your app usage (e.g., when an App was first launched), app version and installation ID, device identifier, and technical data about your device, such as operating system and model.
‍
Adverse event information
, such as a concern, adverse event, or other reportable matter arising in a Study.
‍
Other information
, if any, described in the Informed Consent.
Health Data
We offer an optional premium paid service ("Glucobyte Cloud Sync") that allows You to back up your Health Data outside your Device and allows you to access this Health Data on multiple devices, including iOS phones, tablets and Android devices. We do not sell your Health Data. By using our Application, you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected for Glucobyte Cloud Sync
When you download our Application, below are examples of the categories of information (which may include some personal information) that may be collected from or about You through Our Application.
Contact information
such as your name, email address, and phone number. This information is used for registering your account on Glucobyte Cloud Sync service.
Health Data
such as your blood glucose, insulin, medication, ketone, weight, calories, carbs, prior medical diagnosis and testing (e.g., Diabetes), current and previous use of certain medications (e.g., blood glucose medications), certain family history (e.g., history of atrial fibrillation) and health habits (e.g., smoking). This information will be stored by our service outside the app and can be accessed on any other mobile devices through your Glucobyte Cloud Sync account.
‍
Technical data
, which in many cases is non-personal information, i.e., data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. Technical data includes, for example, information about your app usage (e.g., when an App was first launched), app version and installation ID, device identifier, and technical data about your device, such as operating system and model.
Security of Your Health Data
We have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Other Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with your prior permission:
Contact information
such as your name, email address, and phone number.
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. For example, we may publish within the app or through push-notification a survey link for better understanding a potential new feature, idea or a new Application idea. The information, for example, your response to the survey, may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it be simply stored on Your device.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation. We may contact you with surveys or other messages related to the Health Research Studies through in-app notifications, email, or otherwise.
‍
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
‍
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
‍
To enroll you in a Health Research Study
, including determining your eligibility for participation in the Study.
‍
To conduct
, support and issue research findings and related reports for a Health Research Study that You agreed to participate in.
‍
To develop
health-related products and improvement activities.
‍
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, for payment processing, to contact You.
For Business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With Business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
Service Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Cloud Data Services
You have an option to avail our optional premium Glucobyte Cloud services that requires a subscription. This service will allow you to store your data on our cloud service and access it on multiple devices.
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
AWS is provided by Amazon
If you have stored any data on AWS, You can delete your data anytime on your own from the Glucobyte app
For more information on how AWS uses the collected information, please visit:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
File Sharing Services
You have an option to avail our optional premium Glucobyte file sharing services that requires a subscription. This service will allow you to share Your data with Your Dropbox or Google Drive account.
Google Drive
Google Drive is provided by Google
If you decide to share your data on Your Google Drive account, your data will be processed as per Google's data processing policy
For more information on how Google may use your collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Dropbox
Dropbox is a file hosting service operated by Dropbox, Inc.
If you decide to share your data on Your Dropbox account, your data will be processed as per Dropbox's data processing policy
For more information on how Dropbox may use your collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Compliance
We use the following service providers to help us monitor compliance to HIPAA and GDPR
Vanta:
We use Vanta to help us streamline our HIPAA and GDPR compliance. Their privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://www.vanta.com/privacy
GDPR Local:
We use GDPR Local as our representatives in the EU and UK.
Their privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://gdprlocal.com/privacy-statement/#
Termly:
We use Termly for our website cookie consent. Their privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://termly.io/our-privacy-policy/
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics service is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry Analytics service to prevent Flurry Analytics from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Advertising
We may use Service providers to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook Pixel
Facebook Pixel is a piece of code that is embedded on our website to help us track conversions and serve ads to relevant audiences
You may opt out when you visit our website by declining the cookie consent banner.
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Email Marketing by MailChimp
Mailchimp is provided by Intuit
You can opt-out of our emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link
For more information on how Mailchimp uses the collected information, please visit:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/
Customer and Technical Support Services
We use the following services to provide customer and technical support.
Gmail/Google Workspace
Gmail is provided by Google
We use Gmail to communicate with you through email
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Webflow
Our website is built on and hosted by Webflow
We use our website mainly to provide educational content, learn about our product and services, FAQ, contact forms for support and links to download our app.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://webflow.com/legal/privacy
Trello
Trello is provided by Atlassian
We use Trello for project management activities and may share your requests for new features or issues here.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy
JIRA
JIRA is provided by Atlassian
We use JIRA for tracking issues and planning our sprints and may share your requests for new features or issues here.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy
Slack
Slack is provided by Salesforce
We use Slack for our team messaging communications and may share your requests for new features or issues here.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://slack.com/trust/privacy/privacy-policy
Google Translate
Google Translate is a translation software service provided by Google
To provide technical and customer support for our non english speaking users, we use google translate.
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Weglot
Weglot is a website language translation software service
We use Weglot on our website to provide multilingual support.
For more information on how Weglot uses the collected information, please visit:
https://weglot.com/privacy/
Google Meet
Google Meet is a video conferencing software provided by Google
We use Google Meet for team meetings and may discuss Your requested features or issues here
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store In-App Payments
. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Service Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
If we receive a refund request for an in-app purchase, we may provide Apple with information about the user's in-app purchase activity. This could include details such as time since app installation, total app usage time, an anonymous account identifier, whether the in-app purchase was fully consumed, whether it included a trial period, the total amount spent, and the total amount refunded.
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
GDPR local contacts
EU contact
Company name:
Instant EU GDPR Representative Ltd
Address:
Office 2 12A Lower Main Street, Lucan Co. Dublin K78 X5P8 Ireland
Name:
Adam Brogden
Email:
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel:
+ 353 15 549 700
UK contact
Company name:
GDPR Local Ltd
Address:
GDPR Local Ltd 1st Floor Front Suite 27-29 North Street, Brighton England BN1 1EB
Name:
Adam Brogden
Email:
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel:
+ 441 772 217 800
Facebook Fan Page
Data Controller for the Facebook Fan Page
The Company is the Data Controller of Your Personal Data collected while using the Service. As operator of the Facebook Fan Page (https://www.facebook.com/EvolveMedicalSystems), the Company and the operator of the social network Facebook are Joint Controllers.
The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that define the terms for use of the Facebook Fan Page, among other things. These terms are mostly based on the Facebook Terms of Service:
https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
Visit the Facebook Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
for more information about how Facebook manages Personal data or contact Facebook online, or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
Facebook Insights
We use the Facebook Insights function in connection with the operation of the Facebook Fan Page and on the basis of the GDPR, in order to obtain anonymized statistical data about Our users.
For this purpose, Facebook places a Cookie on the device of the user visiting Our Facebook Fan Page. Each Cookie contains a unique identifier code and remains active for a period of two years, except when it is deleted before the end of this period.
Facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the Cookie, especially when the user visits the Facebook services, services that are provided by other members of the Facebook Fan Page and services by other companies that use Facebook services.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook Privacy Policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
CCPA Privacy
Your Rights under the CCPA
Under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice.
You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to access / the right to request.
The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data.
You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by visiting our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
The right to know about Your Personal Data.
You have the right to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Data collected
The sources from which the Personal Data was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data
Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You
The right to delete Personal Data.
You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your Consumer's rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, You can email or call us or visit our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
The Company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We do not sell personal information. However, the Service Providers we partner with (for example, our advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that "sells" personal information as defined by the CCPA law.
If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following instructions presented on their Service.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: support@evolvemedsys.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.glucobyte.app/#contact-form
‍
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dropbox.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Products
Dropbox
Store, share, and access files across devices
Replay
Review and approve videos faster
Backup
Automatically back up your devices
Reclaim.ai
Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI
Dash
Find, organize, and protect company content
DocSend
Send documents securely and track activity
Sign
Request and add signatures to documents
Early access
Preview new product experiences
Solutions
Teams
Sales
Marketing
HR
IT
Creatives
Use cases
Cloud storage
Video review
Signing documents
Sharing files
Industries
Construction
Technology
Manufacturing
Media
Professional services
Education
Enterprise
Pricing
Contact sales
Get app
Desktop app
Mobile app
Sign up
Log in
Get started
Products
Dropbox
Store, share, and access files across devices
Replay
Review and approve videos faster
Backup
Automatically back up your devices
Reclaim.ai
Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI
Dash
Find, organize, and protect company content
DocSend
Send documents securely and track activity
Sign
Request and add signatures to documents
Early access
Preview new product experiences
Solutions
Teams
Sales
Marketing
HR
IT
Creatives
Use cases
Cloud storage
Video review
Signing documents
Sharing files
Industries
Construction
Technology
Manufacturing
Media
Professional services
Education
Enterprise
Pricing
Contact sales
Get app
Desktop app
Mobile app
Language
Get started
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Business Agreement
DMCA Policy
Acceptable Use
Open Source
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Business Agreement
DMCA Policy
Acceptable Use
Open Source
If your organization signed a Dropbox Business, Dropbox Services, or Dropbox Enterprise Agreement with Dropbox, that Agreement may have modified the privacy policy below. Please
contact your organization’s Admin
for details.
Dropbox Privacy Policy
Posted: September 26, 2023
Effective: September 26, 2023
You can see the previous Privacy Policy
here
.
Thanks for using Dropbox! Here we describe how we collect, use, and handle your personal data when you use our websites, software, and services (“
Services
”). For more information and details, please see our
Frequently Asked Questions page
.
What & Why
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services.
Account information.
We collect, and associate with your account, the information you provide to us when you do things such as sign up for your account, upgrade to a paid plan, and set up two-factor authentication (like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, and physical address).
Your Stuff.
Our Services are designed as a simple and personalized way for you to store your files, documents, photos, comments, messages, and so on (“
Your Stuff
”), collaborate with others, and work across multiple devices and services. To make that possible, we store, process, and transmit Your Stuff as well as information related to it. This related information includes your
profile information
that makes it easier to collaborate and share Your Stuff with others, as well as things like the size of the file, the time it was uploaded, collaborators, and usage activity.
Contacts.
You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you, and your Dropbox Team if you’re a Dropbox Team user, to do things like share and collaborate on Your Stuff, send messages, and invite others to use the Services. If you do, we’ll store those contacts on our servers.
Usage information.
We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take in your account (like sharing, editing, viewing, creating and moving files or folders, and sending and receiving electronic signature requests and other transactions). We use this information to provide, improve, and promote our Services, and protect Dropbox users. Please refer to our
FAQ
for more information about how we use this usage information.
Device information.
We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services. For example, we use device information to detect abuse and identify and troubleshoot bugs.
Cookies and other technologies.
We use technologies like
cookies and pixel tags
to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. For example, cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving them based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems receive a DNT:1 signal from your browser, we’ll respond to that signal as outlined
here
. We may also use third-party service providers that set cookies and similar technologies to promote Dropbox services. You can learn more about how cookies and similar technologies work, as well as how to opt out of the use of them for advertising purposes,
here
.
DocSend and Dropbox analytics.
When you use the DocSend or Dropbox analytics portion of our Services to view content, we collect information including your identifying and device information, such as email addresses, IP addresses, and device identifiers of devices you use to view the content. We also collect information on how you interact with the viewed content, such as the date and time you view the content, the number of times and length of time you view the content, and which portions of the content you view.
Marketing.
We give users the option to use some of our Services free of charge. These free Services are made possible by the fact that some users upgrade to one of our paid Services. If you register for our Services, we will, from time to time, send you information about upgrades when permissible. Users who receive these marketing materials can opt out at any time. If you don’t want to receive a particular type of marketing material from us, click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the corresponding emails, or update your preferences in the
Notifications
section of your personal account.
We may also collect information from you if you interact with Dropbox representatives at an event, download marketing or educational materials from our website, or contact a Dropbox representative. We may use the information you provide to send you additional marketing materials.
We sometimes contact people who don’t have a Dropbox account. For recipients in the EU, we or a third party will obtain consent before reaching out. If you receive an email and no longer wish to be contacted by Dropbox, you can unsubscribe and remove yourself from our contact list via the message itself.
Bases for processing your data.
We collect and use the personal data described above in order to provide you with the Services in a reliable and secure manner. We also collect and use personal data for our legitimate business needs. To the extent we process your personal data for other purposes, we ask for your consent in advance or require that our partners obtain such consent. For more information on the lawful bases for processing your data, please see our
FAQ
.
For more details on the categories of personal information that are included in the information above, please see our
FAQ
.
With Whom
We may share information as discussed below, but we won’t sell it to advertisers or other third parties.
Others working for and with Dropbox.
Dropbox uses certain trusted third parties (for example, providers of customer support and IT services) for the business purposes of helping us provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. These third parties will access your information to perform tasks on our behalf, and we’ll remain responsible for their handling of your information per our instructions. For a list of trusted third parties that we use to process your personal data and more details on the categories of personal information that we’ve disclosed, please see our
FAQ
.
Other Dropbox Companies.
Dropbox shares infrastructure, systems, and technology with other Dropbox Companies to provide, improve, protect, and promote Dropbox Company Services. We process your information across the Dropbox Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies. For more information on Dropbox Companies, Dropbox Company Services, and how your data is used, please see our
FAQ
.
Other users.
Our Services are designed to help you collaborate with others. If you register your Dropbox account with an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization, join a Dropbox Team, or collaborate with other Dropbox users, we may suggest you or your team as a potential collaborator to other users or teams. For example, if you interact with a person at a company, and that person frequently works with one of their coworkers, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator for that coworker. Collaborators and potential collaborators may see some of your basic information, like your name, Dropbox Team name, profile picture, device, email address, and usage information. This helps you sync up with teams you can join and helps other users share files and folders with you.
Certain features let you make additional information available to others. For example, if you view a file or folder shared from DocSend or Dropbox analytics, we will share your identifying information such as name and email address, information on the device you used to view the content, and for how long you viewed content and what portion of the content you viewed with the owner of the file or folder.
Other applications.
You can choose to connect your Dropbox account with third-party services––for example, via
Dropbox APIs
. By doing so, you’re enabling Dropbox and those third parties to exchange information about you and data in your account so that Dropbox and those third parties can provide, improve, protect, and promote their services. Please remember that third parties’ use of your information will be governed by their own privacy policies and terms of service.
Team Admins.
If you are a user of a Dropbox Team, your administrator may have the ability to access and control your Dropbox Team account. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this. If you aren’t a Dropbox Team user but interact with a Dropbox Team user (for example, by joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that user), members of that organization may be able to view information about you (such as your name, email address, and profile picture) and your interaction with the Dropbox Team user (such as your IP address). If you share Your Stuff with a Dropbox Team user, the administrator of the team account may have the ability to access and edit what you share.
Law & Order and the Public Interest.
We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate government request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users; (d) protect Dropbox’s rights, property, safety, or interest; or (e) perform a task carried out in the public interest.
Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we embrace. We believe that your data should receive the same legal protections regardless of whether it’s stored on our Services or on your home computer’s hard drive. We’ll abide by the following
Government Request Principles
when receiving, scrutinizing, and responding to government requests (including national security requests) for your data:
Be transparent
Fight blanket requests
Protect all users, and
Provide trusted services.
We publish a
Transparency Report
as part of our commitment to informing you about when and how governments ask us for information. This report details the types and numbers of requests we receive from law enforcement. We encourage you to review our
Government Request Principles
and
Transparency Report
for more detailed information on our approach and response to government requests.
How
Security.
We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities. We continue to work on features to keep your information safe in addition to things like two-factor authentication, encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps are linked to your account. We deploy automated technologies to detect abusive behavior and content that may harm our Services, you, or other users.
User Controls.
You can access, amend, download, and delete your personal information by logging into your Dropbox account and going to your
account settings page
. Learn more
here
about managing your account information generally, or click
here
to learn how to change your
profile information
.
Retention.
When you sign up for an account with us, we’ll retain information you store on our Services for as long as your account exists or as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we’ll initiate deletion of this information after 30 days. Learn more
here
. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Use of Data from Google APIs.
Dropbox’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Where
Around the world.
To provide you with the Services, we may store, process, and transmit data in the United States and locations around the world—including those outside your country. Data may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
Data Transfers.
When transferring data from the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Dropbox relies upon a variety of legal mechanisms, such as contracts with our customers and affiliates,
Standard Contractual Clauses
, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the European Commission's
adequacy decisions
about certain countries, as applicable.
Data Privacy Frameworks.
Dropbox complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks, as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States. Dropbox has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Principles of these Data Privacy Frameworks with respect to such data, but this does not include the DocSend or Formswift portions of the Services. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Principles shall govern. In accordance with the Principles, Dropbox shall remain liable for onward transfers if a processor processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
Dropbox is subject to oversight by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. JAMS is the US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about our Data Privacy Framework compliance—free of charge to you. We ask that you first submit any such complaints directly to us via
privacy@dropbox.com
. If you aren’t satisfied with our response, please contact JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
. In the event your concern still isn’t addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration as set forth in Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework Principles.
Your Control and Access of Your Data
You have control over your personal data and how it’s collected, used, and shared. For example, you can:
Delete Your Stuff in your Dropbox account.
You can learn more about how to delete files saved on Dropbox
here
.
Change or correct personal data.
You can manage your account and the content contained in it, as well as edit some of your personal data, through your
account settings page
.
Access and take your data elsewhere.
You can access your personal data from your Dropbox account and you can download a copy of Your Stuff in a machine readable format as outlined
here
. You can also ask us for a copy of personal data you provided to us or that we’ve collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting it, the types of sources we got it from, and types of third parties we’ve shared it with.
Object to the processing of your personal data.
Depending on the processing activity, you can request that we stop or limit processing of your personal data.
If you would like to submit a data access request or object to the processing of your personal data, please email us at
privacy@dropbox.com
. To request that your personal data be deleted, please fill out this
form
. For more information on how to control and access your personal data, please see our
FAQ
.
Dropbox as controller or processor.
If you reside in North America (the United States, Canada, and Mexico), Dropbox, Inc. acts as your service provider. For all other users, Dropbox International Unlimited Company acts as a controller of your personal data. Outside of North America, if you are a Dropbox Team customer or use the Dropbox Sign or DocSend team portions of the Services, Dropbox acts as a processor of your data.
Changes
If we’re involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of our assets, your data may be transferred as part of that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Contact
Have questions or concerns about Dropbox, our Services, and privacy? Contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@dropbox.com
. If they can’t answer your question, you have the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.vanta.com/privacy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Product
Products
Automated compliance
Get (and stay) compliant with ease.
Continuous GRC
Join the modern way to GRC.
Vendor risk management
Streamline vendor security reviews.
Questionnaire automation
Auto-fill security questionnaires.
Trust center
Demonstrate trust in real-time.
Platform
Trust management platform
Deepen your security—and customer trust.
Vanta integrations
Sync with 375+ tools.
Vanta AI ✨
Hand off your most tedious tasks.
Vanta API
Enhance your security and compliance automation.
frameworks
SOC 2
ISO 27001
GDPR
HIPAA
HITRUST CSF
USDP
NIST AI RMF
ISO 42001
CMMC
Custom frameworks
Additional frameworks
Product Demo
Check out Vanta in action
Watch now
Solutions
Company size
Startup
Grow faster with automated compliance.
Mid-market
Expand security and compliance as you scale.
Enterprise
Build more trust in your established brand.
Find a partner
Service provider directory
Discover world-class service providers.
Auditor directory
Connect with top compliance auditors.
Integrations
Sync with 375+ tools.
Partners
Partner program overview
Set yourself apart with Vanta.
Service providers
Build, scale, and grow your business.
Auditors
Elevate your clients' experiences.
Revolutionize risk:How to manage risk with Vanta
Download the eBook
Customers
Plans
Resources
Resources
All resources
Find all your security and compliance content here.
Blog
Explore security trends and thought leadership.
Guides and reports
Find ebooks, checklists, whitepapers, and more.
Glossary
Get bite-sized definitions of the terms you need to know.
Events
Watch webinars and videos on trending security topics.
Collections
SOC 2 collection
Learn everything you need to know about SOC 2.
ISO 27001 collection
Get the guide to ISO 27001 certification.
GRC collection
Implement a GRC program with ease.
TPRM collection
Implement and optimize your TPRM program.
Trust collection
Get the guide to all things trust.
HITRUST collection
Get the guide to HITRUST certification.
Customer Education
Help center
Find the help you need to get started with Vanta.
Vanta Academy
Deepen your security knowledge and learn new skills.
Community
Connect with fellow Vanta users and security experts.
Instructor-led training
Live, interactive training to help you master the product and progress quickly.
The State of Trust Report 2024
Get the report
Company
Company
About
Learn more about Vanta.
Careers
Join our team!
Security
Understand Vanta's security and compliance strategy.
Press
See the latest in Vanta news and press releases.
Introducing Vanta AI: Powering the future of trust management
Learn More
Product
Products
Automated compliance
Get (and stay) compliant with ease.
Continuous GRC
Join the modern way to GRC.
Vendor Risk Management
Streamline vendor security reviews.
Questionnaire Automation
Auto-fill security questionnaires.
Trust Center
Demonstrate trust in real-time.
Platform
Trust management platform
Deepen your security—and customer trust.
Vanta integrations
Sync with 375+ tools.
Vanta AI ✨
Hand off your most tedious tasks.
Vanta API
Enhance your security and compliance automation.
frameworks
SOC 2
ISO 27001
GDPR
HIPAA
HITRUST CSF
USDP
NIST AI RMF
ISO 42001
CMMC
Custom frameworks
Additional frameworks
Product Demo
Check out Vanta in action
Watch now
Vanta Platform
Trust management platform
Integrations network
Vanta AI ✨
Vanta API
Automate compliance
SOC 2
ISO 27001
GDPR
HIPAA
HITRUST e1
USDP
NIST AI Risk Management Framework
ISO 42001
Custom frameworks
Additional frameworks
Unify security program management
Risk management
Access management
Workspaces
Streamline security reviews
Trust Center
Questionnaire automation
Vendor risk management
Product Demo
Check out Vanta in action
Watch now
Solutions
Company size
Startup
Grow faster with automated compliance.
Mid-market
Expand security and compliance as you scale.
Enterprise
Build more trust in your established brand.
Find a Partner
Service provider directory
Discover world-class service providers.
Auditor directory
Connect with top compliance auditors.
Integrations
Sync with 375+ tools.
Partners
Partner program overview
Set yourself apart with Vanta.
Service providers
Build, scale, and grow your business.
Auditors
Elevate your clients' experiences.
Revolutionize risk:How to manage risk with Vanta
Download now
Customers
Plans
Resources
Resources
All resources
Find all your security and compliance content here.
Blog
Explore security trends and thought leadership.
Guides and reports
Find ebooks, checklists, whitepapers, and more.
Glossary
Get bite-sized definitions of the terms you need to know.
Events
Watch webinars and videos on trending security topics.
Collections
SOC 2 collection
Learn everything you need to know about SOC 2.
ISO 27001 collection
Get the guide to ISO 27001 certification.
GRC collection
Implement a GRC program with ease.
TPRM collection
Implement and optimize your TPRM program.
Trust collection
Get the guide to all things trust.
HITRUST collection
Get the guide to HITRUST certification.
Customer Education
Help center
Find the help you need to get started with Vanta.
Vanta Academy
Deepen your security knowledge and learn new skills.
Community
Connect with fellow Vanta users and security experts.
Instructor-led training
Live, interactive training to help you master the product and progress quickly
The State of Trust Report 2024
Get the report
Company
Company
About
Learn more about Vanta.
Careers
Join our team!
Security
Understand Vanta's security and compliance strategy.
Press
See the latest in Vanta news and press releases.
Introducing Vanta AI: Powering the future of trust management
Learn More
Login
Request a demo
Login
Request a Demo
Vanta Privacy Policy
‍
‍
Effective date:
April 24, 2024
‍
‍
This Privacy Policy describes how Vanta Inc. (“Vanta”) collects, uses and discloses information, and what choices you have with respect to the information.
‍
‍
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Vanta’s products and services, including applicable mobile and desktop applications (collectively, the “Services”), Vanta.com and other Vanta websites (collectively, the “Websites”) and other interactions (e.g., customer service inquiries, user conferences, etc.) you may have with Vanta. If you do not agree with the terms, do not access or use the Services, Websites, or any other aspect of Vanta’s business.
‍
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with the Services through the Vanta platform (“Third-Party Services”), or any other third-party products, services or businesses. In addition, a separate agreement governs delivery, access, and use of the Services (the “MSA”), including the processing of any data submitted through the Services (“Service Data”). The organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that agreed to the MSA (“Customer”) controls its instance of the Services and any associated Service Data (the “Customer Instance”).
‍
‍
‍
Information Vanta Collects and Receives
Vanta may collect, generate, and receive Service Data and other information and data (“Other Information”; Service Data and Other Information collectively “Information”)) in a variety of ways:
‍
Service data.
Customers and individuals granted access to a Customer Instance by a Customer (“Authorized Users”) may submit Service Data to Vanta when using the Services.
Usage information.
Account information.
To create or update a Vanta account, you or a Customer (e.g., your employer) supply Vanta with an email address, phone number, password, domain and/or similar account details. In addition, Customers that purchase a paid version of the Services provide Vanta (or its payment processors) with billing details such as credit card information, banking information and/or a billing address.
Usage information.
Services metadata.
When an Authorized User interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way Authorized Users interact with the Services. For example, Vanta logs what Third Party Services are connected with the Services (if any).
Log data.
As with most technology services delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page visited before using the Website or Services, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data.
Device information.
Vanta collects information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether Vanta collects some or all of this information often depends on the type of device used and its settings.
Location information.
Vanta receives information from you, your Customer and other third parties that may help Vanta approximate your location. Vanta may, for example, use a business address submitted by your employer, or an IP address received from your browser or device to determine approximate location. Vanta may also collect location information from devices in accordance with the consent process provided by your device.
Cookie information.
Vanta uses cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Services to help us collect Other Information. The Websites and Services may also include cookies and similar tracking technologies of third parties, which may collect Other Information about you via the Websites and Services and across other websites and online services. For more details about how Vanta uses these technologies, and your opt-out opportunities and other options, please see
Vanta’s Cookie Policy
.
Third-Party Services.
A Customer can connect Third-Party Services to its Customer Instance. Typically, Third-Party Services are software services that integrate with Vanta Services, and a Customer can permit its Authorized Users to enable and disable these integrations for its Customer Instance. Vanta may also develop and offer Vanta applications that connect the Services with a Third-Party Service. Once enabled, the provider of a Third-Party Service may share certain information with Vanta. For example, if a single sign-on service is connected with Vanta, Vanta may receive the username and email address of Authorized Users, along with additional information that the application has elected to make available to Vanta to facilitate the integration. Authorized Users should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third-Party Services to understand what data may be disclosed to Vanta. When a Third-Party Service is enabled, Vanta is authorized to connect and access Other Information made available to Vanta in accordance with any permission(s) granted by Customer (including, by its Authorized User(s)). Vanta does not, however, receive or store passwords for any of these Third-Party Services when connecting them to the Services.
Contact information.
An Authorized User is required to provide some contact information (e.g., an email address) when making an account on the Services.
Third-party data.
Vanta may receive data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, Website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related to our business from affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that Vanta engages with to make Vanta’s own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with Other Information Vanta collects and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
Additional information provided to Vanta.
Vanta receives Other Information when submitted to our Websites or in other ways, such as if you participate in a focus group, contest, activity or event, apply for a job, enroll in an educational program hosted by Vanta or a vendor, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with Vanta.
Information transferred via the Google API. Vanta’s use and transfer of information received from Google API’s to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including Limited Use requirements.
‍
‍
How Vanta Uses Information
Service Data will be used by Vanta in accordance with the applicable MSA, Customer’s use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law. Vanta is a processor of Service Data and Customer is the controller.
‍
In addition, Vanta uses Information in furtherance of our legitimate interests in operating our Services, Websites, and business. More specifically, Vanta uses Information:
To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites, and business.
This includes use of Service Data and Other Information to support delivery of the Services under an MSA, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyze and monitor usage, trends and other activities, or at an Authorized User’s request.
As required by applicable law, legal process, or regulation.
To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments, and questions.
If you contact us, Vanta may use Information to respond.
To develop and provide additional features.
Vanta tries to make the Services as useful as possible for Customers and Authorized Users, and Vanta may use aggregated and anonymized Services Data and Other Information to develop new Services or improve existing Services.
To send emails and other communications.
Vanta may send you service, technical and other administrative emails, messages, and other types of communications. Vanta may also contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services offerings, and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These communications are considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of them. In addition, Vanta sometimes sends emails about new product features, promotional communications, or other news about Vanta. These are marketing messages so you can control whether you receive them. If you have additional questions about a message you have received from Vanta please reach out through the contact mechanisms described below.
For billing, account management, and other administrative matters.
Vanta may need to contact you for invoicing, account management, and similar reasons and Vanta uses account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse.
‍
If Information is aggregated or de-identified so that it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, Vanta may use it for any business purpose. To the extent Information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data.”
‍
‍
Data Retention
Vanta will retain Service Data in accordance with the applicable MSA, Customer’s use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law.
‍
Vanta may retain Other Information for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This may include keeping Other Information for the period of time needed for Vanta to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
‍
We retain customer data and credentials up to 365 days following account termination unless deletion is requested earlier.
We retain applicant data for up to three (3) years unless deletion is requested earlier.
We retain website visitor information in accordance with retention periods stated in the Cookie Policy.
How Vanta Shares and Discloses Information
This section describes how Vanta may share and disclose Information.
‍
Displaying and operating the Services.
Because of the nature and functionality of the Services, Information will be displayed as part of the Services to Authorized Users in a Customer Instance. For example, information about which of Customer’s employees may have two-factor authentication enabled may be displayed as part of the Services.
Third-party service providers and partners.
Vanta may engage third parties as service providers or business partners to process Information and support our business. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services. To the extent necessary and applicable, these third-party service providers and partners will be bound by appropriate and commercially reasonable confidentiality obligations. Additional information about the subprocessors Vanta uses to support delivery of our Services is set forth in our
list of Vanta Subprocessors
.
Third-Party Services.
Customer may enable or permit Authorized Users to enable Third- Party Services. Vanta requires each Third-Party Service to disclose all permissions for information access in the Services, but Vanta does not guarantee that they do so. When enabled and as requested by Customer, Vanta may share Information with Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services are not owned or controlled by Vanta and third parties that have been granted access to Information may have their own policies and practices for its collection, use, and sharing. Please check the permissions, privacy settings, and notices for these Third-Party Services or contact the service provider for any questions.
Corporate affiliates.
Vanta may share Information with its corporate affiliates, parents, and/or subsidiaries.
During a change to Vanta’s business.
If Vanta engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of Vanta’s assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of Vanta’s business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities, some or all Information may be shared or transferred, subject to appropriate and commercially reasonable confidentiality arrangements.
Aggregated or de-identified data.
Vanta may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified Information for any purpose. For example, Vanta may share aggregated or de-identified Information with prospects or partners for business or research purposes.
To Comply with Laws.
If a law enforcement or government agency sends Vanta a demand for Information about a Customer, Vanta shall attempt to redirect the agency to request that data directly from the Customer. As part of this effort, Vanta may provide the Customer’s basic contact information to the law enforcement or government agency. If compelled to disclose Information to a law enforcement or government agency, then Vanta will give the Customer reasonable notice of the demand and cooperation to allow the Customer to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless Vanta is legally prohibited from doing so. Vanta will not voluntarily disclose Information related to a Customer to any law enforcement or government agency, unless required by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety.
To protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Vanta or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or security issues.
With consent.
Vanta may share Information with third parties when Vanta has consent to do so.
‍
Security
Security is critical to Vanta’s mission, and Vanta takes security of data seriously. Vanta uses industry-standard technical and organizational measures to protect Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the Information Vanta collects, processes, and stores, and the current state of technology. Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, Vanta cannot guarantee that Information in our care will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise. When you click a link to a third-party site, you will be leaving our site and Vanta doesn’t control or endorse what is on third-party sites.
‍
‍
Age Limitations
To the extent prohibited by applicable law, Vanta does not allow use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger than 16 years old. If Vanta learns that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided Personal Data, Vanta will take steps to delete such information.
‍
‍
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Vanta may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or Vanta may make changes to our services or business. Vanta will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If Vanta makes changes that materially alter your privacy rights, Vanta will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should cease interacting with the Services. Contact the applicable Customer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their control.
‍
‍
International Data Transfers
Vanta may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live - generally, from locations outside the United States to the United States. Vanta deploys the following safeguards if Vanta transfers Personal Data from jurisdictions with differing data protection laws:
‍
European Union Model Clauses.
Vanta offers European Union Model Clauses (“Model Clauses”) also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, to meet the adequacy and security requirements for our Customers that operate in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK and for other international transfers of Customer Data as relevant. A copy of our standard data processing addendum, incorporating Model Clauses, is available
here
.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF).
While Vanta is self-certified under the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the UK Extension to the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, it is not currently relying on those frameworks for the transfer of personal data. For more information, see the section below.
‍
Data Protection Officer
To contact Vanta’s DPO please contact:
GDPR Local Ltd‍
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel + 441 772 217 800
GDPR Local Ltd
1st Floor Front Suite 27-29 North Street, Brighton England BN1 1EB
‍Our appointed
EU Representative
is:
Instant EU GDPR Representative Ltd
Adam Brogden
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel + 353 15 549 700
INSTANT EU GDPR REPRESENTATIVE LTD
Office 2,
12A Lower Main Street,  Lucan Co.  Dublin
K78 X5P8
Ireland
Our nominated
UK Representative
is:
GDPR Local Ltd
Adam Brogden
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel + 441 772 217 800
GDPR Local Ltd
1st Floor Front Suite 27-29 North Street, Brighton England BN1 1EB
‍
‍
Identifying the Data Controller and Processor
Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the “controller” and “processor” of information. In general, Customer is the controller of Service Data. In general, Vanta is the processor of Service Data and the controller of Other Information.
‍
‍
Your Rights
Individuals located in certain US States such as California, Virginia, and countries, including those in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Information (in a portable form or otherwise), as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this Information. Where possible and as outlined in this Privacy Policy, you can request to limit your use and disclosure of this Information. You can exercise your privacy rights by sending a request to via email at:
privacy@vanta.com
or in writing to:
‍
Vanta Inc.
‍Attn: Data Privacy Officer
369 Hayes
San Francisco, CA 94102.
‍
To the extent that Vanta’s processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation or applicable laws covering the processing of Personal Data such as the UK Data Protection Act and the Brazilian General Data Protection Act (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados), Vanta relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your data. Vanta may also process Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, and you have a right to object to Vanta’s use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time.
‍
‍
Your California Privacy Rights
This section provides additional details about the personal information Vanta collects about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy  Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act or “CCPA.”
‍
For more details about the personal information Vanta has collected over the last 12 months, including the categories of sources, please see the
Information Vanta Collects and Receives
section above. Vanta collects this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
How Vanta Uses Information
section above. Vanta shares this information with the categories of third parties described in the
How Vanta Shares and Disclose Information
section above. Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA also provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information Vanta collects (including how Vanta uses and disclose this information), to delete their personal information, correct their personal information that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. Please also note that Vanta does not collect sensitive personal information as defined under the CCPA.
As described in our
Cookie Policy
, we have incorporated Cookies from certain third parties into our Website. These Cookies allow those third parties to receive information about your activity on our Services that is associated with your browser or device. Those third parties may use that data to serve you relevant ads on our Website or on other websites you visit. Under the CCPA, sharing your data through third party Cookies for online advertising may be considered a “sale” or “share” of information, to which you have the right to opt out. You can opt out of these activities by following the instructions in this section.
‍
We may “sell” or share your Personal Data to the following categories of third parties:
‍
Ad Networks
Analytics providers
Marketing providers
‍
Over the past 12 months, we may have “sold” the following categories of your Personal Data to categories of third parties listed above:
‍
Usage Information
Cookie Information
‍
We have “sold” or shared the foregoing categories of Personal Data for the following business or commercial purposes:
‍
Improving the Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Showing you advertisements, including interest-based or online behavioral advertising.
‍
You have the right to opt-out of the “sale” or sharing of your Personal Data. You can opt-out using the following methods:
‍
Accessing your Cookie consent settings
here
By implementing the Global Privacy Control or similar control that is legally recognized by a government agency or industry standard and that complies with the CCPA. The signal issued by the control must be initiated by your browser and applies to the specific device and browser you use at the time you cast the signal. Please note this does not include Do Not Track signals.
‍
Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
‍
To our knowledge, we do not sell the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age.
‍
California consumers may make all other requests to access, correct, or delete pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us at
privacy@vanta.com
,
or by mailing us at:
‍
Vanta Inc.
‍Attn: Data Privacy Officer
369 Hayes
San Francisco, CA 94102
‍
Vanta will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including email address. Government identification may be required. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf.
‍
Your Virginia Privacy Rights
Subject to certain limitations, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) provides Virginia consumers the right to request to access personal information we collect about you, correct inaccuracies in you personal data, to request a portable copy of your personal information, and to delete your personal information. You also have the right opt-out from the processing your Personal Data for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects to you, which Vanta does not do. You also have the right to opt out of targeted advertising and selling (as such terms are defined under the VCDPA), however, Vanta does not participate in selling of your personal information. To opt out from targeted advertising, please:
‍
Accessing your Cookie consent settings
here
By implementing the Global Privacy Control or similar control that is legally recognized by a government agency or industry standard and that complies with the CCPA. The signal issued by the control must be initiated by your browser and applies to the specific device and browser you use at the time you cast the signal. Please note this does not include Do Not Track signals.
If we refuse to take action on a request within a reasonable period of time after receiving your request in accordance with this section. In such appeal, you must (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom the original request pertains and to identify the original request, and (2) provide a description of the basis of your appeal. Please note that your appeal will be subject to your rights and obligations afforded to you under the VCDPA. We will respond to your appeal within 60 days of receiving your request. If we deny your appeal, you have the right to contact the Virginia Attorney General using the methods described at https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
‍
Vanta will honor the exercise rights or appeals of decisions of Virginia residents requested via email at
privacy@vanta.com
or in writing to:
‍
Vanta Inc.
‍Attn: Data Privacy Officer
369 Hayes
San Francisco, CA 94102.
‍
‍
Data Protection Authority
Subject to applicable law, you also have the right to (i) restrict Vanta’s use of Information that constitutes your Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or the Irish Data Protection Commissioner, which is Vanta’s lead supervisory authority in the European Union. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area and believe we maintain your Personal Data within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to
privacy@vanta.com
or to our lead supervisory authority:
‍
Irish Data Protection Commissioner
Office of the Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23, Ireland
Phone +353 57 868 4757
Fax: +353 57 868 4757
Email:
info@dataprotection.ie
‍
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom and believe we maintain your Personal Data within the scope of the applicable laws relating to personal data in the United Kingdom, you may direct questions or complaints to the UK supervisory authority, the
Information Commissioner’s Office
.
‍
‍
Data Privacy Framework
Vanta complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Vanta has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Vanta has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
‍
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,, Vanta commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection anduse of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Vanta at
privacy@vanta.com
.
‍
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Vanta commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC), with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
‍
Under certain circumstances, you may invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. Vanta has further committed to refer unresolved Data Privacy Framework complaints to JAMS ADR, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, please contact or visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS ADR are provided at no cost to you.
‍
An individual who decides to invoke this arbitration option must take the following steps prior to initiating an arbitration claim: (1) raise the claimed violation directly with Vanta and afford us an opportunity to resolve the issue within the timeframe set forth in Section III.11(d)(i) of the Principles; (2) make use of the independent recourse mechanism under the Principles, which is at no cost to the individual; and (3) raise the issue through their Data Protection Authority to the Department of Commerce and afford the Department of Commerce an opportunity to use best efforts to resolve the issue within the timeframes set forth in the Letter from the International Trade Administration of the Department of Commerce, at no cost to the individual. This arbitration option may not be invoked if the individual’s same claimed violation of the Principles (1) has previously been subject to binding arbitration; (2) was the subject of a final judgment entered in a court action to which the individual was a party; or (3) was previously settled by the parties.
‍
In addition, this option may not be invoked if an EU Data Protection Authority or the Commissioner (1) has authority under Sections III.5 or III.9 of the Principles; or (2) has the authority to resolve the claimed violation directly with Vanta. A DPA’s, or the Commissioner's authority to resolve the same claim against an EU,Swiss, or UK data controller does not alone preclude invocation of this arbitration option against a different legal entity not bound by the DPA or Commissioner's authority.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over Vanta’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In the context of an onward transfer, Vanta has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the Data Privacy Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Vanta shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
While Vanta is a Data Privacy Framework participant, Vanta does not rely on Data Privacy Framework in order to lawfully transfer data from non-US locations into the US.
‍
‍
Contacting Vanta
Please also feel free to contact Vanta if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Vanta’s practices, or if you are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights. Vanta will respond within a timeframe that is compliant with all applicable regulations
You may contact us at
privacy@vanta.com
or at our mailing address below:
‍
Vanta Inc.
‍Attn: Data Privacy Officer
369 Hayes
San Francisco, CA 94102
‍
Sub-policy 4
https://gdprlocal.com/privacy-statement/#:
Table of contents
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR PREFERENCES
HOW WE OPERATE
WHO THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO
WHAT THIS POLICY APPLIES TO
SCOPE OF PROCESSING
CHANGING YOUR PREFERENCES AND OPTING OUT AT A LATER DATE
HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS YOUR DATA
OUR OBLIGATIONS
ANALYSIS AND DERIVATIVE DATA PRODUCTS
THIRD PARTIES
SOURCE OF YOUR DATA
SECURITY
LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
CONTACTING US, EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS.
We take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us. We will never sell, share, or use your personal information other than as described here.
GDPR LOCAL is a GDPR compliance platform that provides Article 27 services and helps users fulfill their GDPR compliance obligations.
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This policy sets out how we will use and share the information that you give us or allow us to obtain from third parties. This policy describes your relationship with GDPR Local Ltd in relation to this website and our eugdprrep.com website. This document in no way represents any agreement between you and GDPR Local Ltd [GDPRLOCAL] other than as described here.
WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
GDPRLOCAL is a trading name of GDPR Local Ltd which is registered in England and as a Data Controller registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under the Data Protection Act 2018. The Data Protection Officer is: Adam Brogden. You can get in touch with us in any of the following ways:
By email: contact@gdprlocal.com
Call: +44 1772 217800 [office hours]
Through our website:
https://gdprlocal.com/
By post: Adam Brogden, C/O GDPR Local Ltd. The Belfry, Lytham, FY84NW
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR PREFERENCES
You can visit our website to contact us to change your preferences at any time. This includes also exercising your rights under GDPR, as follows:
● right to access to your personal data
● right to erasure [‘right to be forgotten]
● right to object to processing of personal data
● right to restrict the processing of personal data
● right of portability [to transfer your data to another platform]
● right to rectification [your data to be corrected]
We take your rights seriously and will always reply promptly and professionally.
HOW WE OPERATE
We operate in line with the principles of EU GDPR and UK GDPR and follow Data Protection guidelines. We are committed to protecting your personal rights and allow all users to change or withdraw their consent options at any time. We will also advise you on how to complain to the relevant authorities, namely the Information Commissioner’s Office.
WHO THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO
This policy relates to users/visitors of our websites, users of our services, anyone that contacts us, and all other third parties. Registration may be required and if you are not willing to register you may not be able to use all the services on this site. Processing of your data is required in order to offer you these services. This policy applies to individuals who have registered with GDPRLOCAL as either a customer, affiliate, user, administrator, or in any other capacity.
We respect the rights of all data subjects. We endeavor to act in a compliant manner and will always respond quickly and professionally to any request.
WHAT THIS POLICY APPLIES TO
This section describes the lawful basis for processing your data and applies to the information about yourself that you choose to provide us with or that you allow us to collect. We exercise our rights under the consent lawful basis as you are free at any time to register to use this service and consent to receive information from us or at any time to choose to stop using this service and remove your consent. We will always respect your decision to remove consent.
The information we collect and use includes:
As a customer/potential customer:
– information we collect when you visit our sites
– information we collect about you from our third party data providers
– information you provide during the registration process,
– information you provide when you use our services,
– information you provide documents, spreadsheets, or other material
– information we collect about how you use the website,
– information given and stored as part of our ongoing relationship
– information we collect on visits and all other interactions and exchanges.
SCOPE OF PROCESSING
When you visit our site, we will collect information about you through our data collection forms, cookies and using our connection to visitor tracking and similar products. By visiting our site and choosing to navigate our pages, providing, or submitting your personal data on this site, whether in those fields marked mandatory or otherwise, you are affirming your agreement for such information to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You will be able to withdraw that agreement at any time by the methods described. We respect all your rights under GDPR.
Once we have your details we may contact you by email, social media, and/or phone to sell our products, discuss your requirements and help you use our services. We exercise the right under legitimate interest to process your data and operate under the UK Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulation [PECR] and ePrivacy Directive in order to make calls and send emails, however we respect your rights under all regulations and will always respond to requests to stop, to be forgotten, object to processing, correct your data, and for data portability.
In addition, when you request a call-back – we exercise our right under legitimate interest in order to call you back and send email marketing information as described on the site.
After you have visited and/or once you have decided to use our site and services, we will send you account updates, support information, related offers, and other information necessary for us to provide services under the agreed terms of our contract and adopting the lawful basis of needing to fulfil a contract. We will at all times respect your rights under GDPR and will always respond to the requests you have made, exercising your rights, as provided for in GDPR.
By continuing to use this website you have consented to information being collected from your device by cookies or other technologies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as part of our lead generation process, and advertising including the display of targeted advertising based on the information provided.
CHANGING YOUR PREFERENCES AND OPTING OUT AT A LATER DATE
Once you have given your data and/or implied or explicit consent, you can however still control whether you continue to receive communications or see such advertisements from us. The simplest way to remove amend your preferences and withdraw consent is to contact us directly, however you can also remove consent depending on the channel of communication:
Post: You can withdraw your consent for postal marketing from anyone by adding your details to the Mail Preference Service. For more details, please go to
www.mpsonline.org.uk
E-mail or SMS (text message): You can unsubscribe from receiving e-mail or SMS marketing communications from any individual third party by using the instructions in any email communication such a third party sends you (usually an ‘unsubscribe’ or ‘STOP’ link).
Telephone calls: To withdraw your consent for live or automated calls from anyone you can add your name to the Telephone Preference Service which is maintained at this website address:
www.tpsonline.org.uk
You can also opt out at any time from communications via any of the methods described above by emailing us at:
contact@gdprlocal.com
Social media and online: You can configure your advertising preferences on social media by accessing your settings or preference options on the relevant platform. If you no longer want to receive personalised advertising on any website you visit, you can usually opt out directly through the Privacy Policy of the particular website you are accessing. You can also opt out of such advertising by visiting the IAB opt-out platform at www.youronlinechoices.com. Please note that this and other platforms allow you to opt out of interest-based advertising delivered by registered members.
HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS YOUR DATA
Your account data will be collected, stored, and processed primarily in the UK. When we transfer data outside the UK/EU, we will ensure we take all reasonable administrative and technical precautions to protect that data. Your data will be stored for three years after our last interaction, in order to provide updates and offers that may be of interest to you. We use recognised third parties to provide lead generation services, help with advertising, operate our business, take payment, manage our company accounts, and provide banking services, and other common business functions. We will store transaction, payment, and order data for up to 7 years or for as long as required by UK financial and company regulations. These third parties may operate outside the UK/EU.
OUR OBLIGATIONS
We are a data controller in relation to the information that you provide us with. As a result, we are legally responsible for how that information is handled.
We will always endeavor to comply with both the EU GDPR and UK GDPR GDPR [2018], ePrivacy Directiveand PECR in the way we use and share your personal data. Among other things, this means that we will only use your personal data:
– fairly and lawfully,
– as set out in the legislation and this policy,
– to the extent necessary for these purposes.
We will process your personal data ourselves as the data processor. We will take reasonable precautions to safeguard the personal information that you supply.
Where we use data processors or share your data with joint controllers, we will ensure appropriate safeguards and contracts, terms, and data sharing agreements are in place including SCCs.
If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries about our privacy policy, website, or service, please contact us using the details given above. We are friendly and professional and will always help.
ANALYSIS AND DERIVATIVE DATA PRODUCTS
Sometimes your data will be used for analysis purposes or to build data products. In these instances, the information is aggregated and wherever possible anonymised in line with the Information Commissioner’s code of practice. Again, these products are of a marketing nature.
THIRD PARTIES
We do not routinely share your data with any third party, and we never sell data. We use carefully selected third parties to manage/operate our business and develop new business.
SOURCE OF YOUR DATA
We do not buy marketing lists however we do use third parties and online services to help identify potential customers and support our business development activity.
For example:
1. We use tracking software to identify companies that visit our site.
2. We use email verification systems to identify contacts at those companies.
3. We use LinkedIn to contact representatives of those companies and connect with them.
4. We use Mailchimp to send email to those contacts.
5. We store data on our CRM systems such as HubSpot
6. We use information to run our advertising campaigns
7. We use Sopro.io as our marketing partner to identify companies that may be interested in our products and services.
This approach is GDPR and PECR compliant.
Where we use third parties, we ensure these companies comply with all regulations and keep your data safe. This includes ensuring they implement best practice security measures to prevent the loss of, or unauthorised access to your personal information. Where valid, appropriate, verified, and subject to legal obligations, third parties are also expected to complete rectification or erasure requests within 72 hours of receipt.
SECURITY
We will report any breaches or potential breaches to the appropriate authorities within 24 hours, and to anyone affected by a breach within 72 hours. If you have any queries or concerns about the data usage, please contact us.
LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
In some cases, we collect, store, and process your data under the GDPR lawful basis of Legitimate Interest. Where this is the case, we have completed appropriate balancing assessments to protect the rights of the data subjects.
CONTACTING US, EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, wish to exercise your information rights in connection with the personal data you have shared with us or wish to complain, please contact The Data Protection Officer at GDPRLOCAL. Where valid, appropriate, verified, and subject to legal obligations, we will complete objection, rectification or erasure requests within 30 days of receipt by us. We will process SARs within 30 days, SAR responses are usually free, but we reserve the right to charge for excessive or unfounded requests. We fully comply with data protection legislation and will assist in any investigation or request made by the appropriate authorities.
This policy may be updated from time to time – where material changes occur, we will contact you on the email address provided. You have the right to remove consent at any time. You also have the right to complain – if you remain dissatisfied you should contact the ICO at: ico.org.uk.
|
Cookie policy
We use cookies to make sure you get the best possible experience and to present information we think you will be interested in. You can opt-out below or click Accept All to continue.
Accept all
Deny
Edit Settings
Sub-policy 5
https://termly.io/our-privacy-policy/:
Home
›
Termly’s Privacy Notice
Termly’s Privacy Notice
Your browser does not support iframes.
EN
FR
ES
DE
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 7
https://webflow.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to main content
Webflow
Contact sales
Platform
Build
Design
Build high-performing sites
Edit mode
Empower your content team
Interactions
Craft immersive experiences
Page building
New
Launch simple landing pages quickly and easily
Manage
CMS
Manage content at scale
Hosting
Host and scale your site without the hassle
Localization
Customize your site for a worldwide audience
Security
Ensure your site stays safe
Optimize
Analyze
New
Understand how your site performs
Optimize
New
Maximize conversions with testing and personalization
SEO
Grow your reach with fine-tuned controls
Extend
Apps
Connect your site to apps like HubSpot, Adobe Express, and more
Figma to Webflow
Turn static designs into clean, production-ready code
Platform overview
Explore the power of the Webflow Platform
↗
AI at Webflow
Elevate your site with the power of AI
↗
Solutions
Webflow for
Enterprise
Built for world-class organizations
Agencies
Accelerate your agency’s growth
Freelancers
Build custom sites for clients
Global alliances
Unlock enterprise-level partnership
Startups
Move faster with Webflow
Classrooms
Register to use Webflow for free
Compare
Contentful
Sitecore
Wix
WordPress
Customer story
↗
How Dropbox Sign transformed collaboration with Webflow
67%
Decrease in dev ticketing
Customer stories
Browse Webflow success stories
Resources
Get started
Templates
Website templates for any use case
Made in Webflow
Find and clone inspiring sites
Hire a Certified Partner
Find a freelancer or agency to help with your next project
Developers
Submit an app, explore our APIs, get technical support, and more
Learn
Webflow University
Learn web design and development for free
Blog
Stories, insights, and advice for how you build for the web
Resources
Free ebooks, webinars, whitepapers, and reports
Discover
Customer stories
Explore enterprise and agency success stories
Community
Connect with the worldwide Webflow community
Partner with Webflow
Grow your business by becoming a Webflow partner
Get help
Support
Jump into our product docs or connect with our Support team
Forum
Ask questions and learn alongside other Webflow users
Enterprise
Pricing
Log in
Contact sales
Get started
— it's free
Trusted by teams at
Menu
Terms and agreements
Terms of Service
Product Terms
Beta Terms
Webflow Labs Terms
Data Processing Addendum
Creator Agreement
Privacy Resources
Global Privacy Policy
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
CCPA Notice
Subprocessors
Privacy FAQs
Policies
Acceptable Use Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Trademark Usage Policy
Getting started
Overview
Terms
Terms of Service
Product Terms
Beta Terms
Developer Terms of Service
Policies
Global Privacy Policy
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookie Policy
Trademark Usage Policy
Subprocessors
CCPA Notice
Data Processing Addendum
Agreements
Creator Agreement
FAQ
Privacy FAQs
Archive
Archived Terms of Service
Global Privacy Policy
Effective date: November 15, 2023
Last modified date: November 7, 2023
At Webflow, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter, “
Webflow
,” “
Company
,” “
us
,” or “
we
”), we respect and protect the privacy of visitors to our website, www.webflow.com, and the other websites under the webflow.com domain (collectively, the “
Sites
”), and our customers who use our SaaS product, web design software, tools, and related services (together with the Sites, the “Platform”).
This Global Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect visitors’ and users’ information as part of the Platform. Any discussion of your use of the Platform in this Policy is meant to include your visits and other interactions with the Sites and Platforms, whether or not you are a user of Webflow’s SaaS product. If you are a resident of the European Union, European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, please read in addition to this Policy our
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
for further information about our data collection practices and your rights.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Policy have the meaning given them in our
Terms of Service
including any relevant agreement, policy, or addendum incorporated therein and any amendments or modifications thereto.
By accessing and using our Platform, you signify your acceptance to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with or you are not comfortable with any aspect of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue access or use of our Platform.
HI THERE
Welcome to Webflow's Global Privacy Policy! In these boxes, you'll find our plain-English privacy policy. This part isn’t legally binding — it’s just an aid for understanding the legal language.
If you live in the European Union, European Economic Area, or Switzerland, you’ll also want to check out our
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
too, as it takes precedence for you.
As is standard, your continued use of Webflow means you agree with this policy.
1. What “Personal Information” means
In this Policy, “
Personal
Information
” means any information relating to an identifiable natural person. Except as described in this Policy, Webflow will not give, sell, rent, or loan any Personal Information to any third party.
Personal Information does not include data or information collected, derived, or otherwise generated from the use of the Platform, provided that such data has been anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated so as not to identify or permit the identification of any individual (“
De-identified Data
”), De-identified Data helps us understand trends in usage of the Platform so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Platform. In addition to collecting and using De-identified Data ourselves, we may share De-identified Data with third parties, including our customers, partners and service providers, for various purposes, including to help us better understand our customers’ needs and improve the Platform as well as for advertising and marketing purposes.
BASICALLY...
“Personal Information” is information someone can use to identify you.
2. How we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and other information
a. Information you provide to us
When you register for the Platform, we may ask for Personal Information such as your name, email address, credit card or other billing information. You may also provide at your own discretion certain related information like your personal website name, social media websites, a list of your skills, the date you started using the Platform, and a description of yourself. Additionally, as you utilize the Platform to create websites, the software continuously saves changes made by you with the server and will document items such as when you are working and saving changes, when you last opened the Designer, when sites are published, or when you perform certain tasks.
We may also retain the contents of any messages you send to us or through the Platform, and we may collect information you provide in Website Content that you post or upload to the Platform to the extent required or permitted under applicable law.
Webflow may use Personal Information you provided to operate, improve upon, and personalize the Platform, for billing identification and authentication, to contact you about the Platform and your use of the Platform, to support your use of the Platform (including by contacting you about right sizing your use of the Platform through Enterprise offerings), to send marketing materials (in accordance with applicable law), for research purposes, and to generally improve the content and functionality of the Platform.
We may also combine your Personal Information with third-party analytics — including session replay technologies — to build a broader profile of our Customers so that we can serve you better and provide custom, personalized content and information. Additionally, we may use Personal Information of our Sites visitors, Customers, and their End Users for fraud prevention, to analyze Site usage and Platform improvement, , for internal market research, troubleshooting problems, to enforce our
Terms of Service
, and as otherwise set forth in this Policy.
Note that we will never email you to ask for your account information. If you ever receive such an email, please forward it to
privacy@webflow.com
. For more information about our procedures in this regard, please review our
Terms of Service
.
We use financial information solely as authorized by you. While Webflow does not store your credit card information and will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of all credit card and all other Personal Information, we expressly disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal and/or financial information stored therein, and you agree to hold Webflow harmless for any damages that may result therefrom.
b. Information we may receive from and share with third parties
We may now or in the future receive Personal Information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our Platform through a third-party connection or log-in or connect an application to Webflow, that third party you connected with may pass certain information about your use of its service to Webflow. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account, an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that third-party service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Platform.
Webflow may also provide Personal Information to its third-party service providers (such as its credit card processors and hosting partners) as necessary to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and other services we use to operate the Platform. We do not permit our service providers to use Personal Information we provide to them for any purpose other than providing their services to us. We execute the legally required data processing addenda with all of our service providers.
c. Application integration
To facilitate the exchange of data between third-party SaaS applications, we may need to store certain information (“
App Credentials
”) that helps us access these third-party SaaS application accounts on your behalf. We store your App Credentials in an encrypted form.
When we access these third-party applications on your behalf, the third-party application provides us with access to certain data. We will use, store, and disclose this data in accordance with this Policy.
You should note that Webflow shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third-party applications for which you provide us with App Credentials.
d. Log file information
We collect certain technical information from our Customers’ End Users. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses; the date/time a webpage or feature is accessed; the user agent string that identifies the browser or operating system to the server; installed fonts; mime-types; browser language and time zone; Silverlight data; installed plugins; HTTP headers; and screen resolution.
Webflow uses this information to monitor the volume of our customers’ website traffic. We do this, for instance, to facilitate customer billing when a tiered pricing plan is based on the number of unique visitors to a customer’s website. We also use this technical information for our own security and analytical purposes, such as to measure how many customers have published active websites using our Platform. Lastly, we may use this information to create separate analytics products that we offer to Customers — provided that analytics products would only utilize De-Identified Data — to help Customers understand  how their Website Content  is being used, to track conversions, and to provide other measurement metrics.
e. Other information disclosure
We may be required to disclose Personal Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, and law enforcement or governmental requests or investigations, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share Personal Information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations or our
Terms of Service
, or as otherwise required by law.
We use or may use information collected by cookies, log files, device identifiers, and clear GIFs information to:
(a)
remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites or use the Platform
(b)
provide custom, personalized content and information
(c)
to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Platform
(d)
monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
(e)
diagnose or fix technology problems
(f)
help you efficiently access your information after you sign in
(g)
to provide advertising to your browser or device, and
(h)
automatically update the Webflow application on your mobile devices.
For more information about cookies, please see Webflow’s
Cookie Policy
.
We may provide Personal Information to any member of the Webflow team, including our Affiliates, provided that any such activities are in accordance with applicable law.
BASICALLY...
We ask for certain information, like your name, email address, and account credentials, to use Webflow. We use this information to run Webflow and other things mentioned in this policy (like logging and analytics). We also continuously save your work to keep it safe.
Webflow won't sell or rent your personal information to a third party.
Sometimes we aggregate user data anonymously to understand our customer base better.
We may connect with third-party services to improve your experience. These features are governed by the respective company's privacy policy, so review your privacy settings there.
We collect some information from you automatically using cookies so we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of Webflow need some improvement.
Sometimes the law or subpoenas require us to share information. We may also sometimes need to use information to investigate and prevent wrongful actions.
3. Links to other websites
The Platform contains links to websites and applications other than the Platform, including websites and applications operated by affiliates and other third parties. This Policy applies only to information collected by the Platform.
Webflow does not endorse and is not responsible for the practices of third parties or their websites or applications. We do not determine and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites or applications operated by third parties. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
We are not responsible for and we do not control any third parties that you authorize to access your Website Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow such a third-party access to your Website Content, you do so at your own risk.
BASICALLY...
We sometimes link to third-party websites and services. Your use of those sites and services is governed by their respective policies, not ours. So be careful out there, folks.
4. Public forums
Our Platform offers publicly accessible blogs and community forums. If you elect to post something in a public area of our Platform, any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Platform, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings. If you remove information that you posted to the Platform, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Platform, or if other users have copied or saved that information.
To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum, contact us at
contact@webflow.com
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove all your Personal Information.
BASICALLY...
Our blogs and community forums are accessible to the public, so any information provided in these areas, including your personal information, may be read, collected, and used by the public. If you need personal info removed, you can emails us at
contact@webflow.com
and we’ll remove it, if possible.
5. Customer testimonials / comments / reviews
From time to time, we post Customer testimonials on the Sites which may contain Personal Information. We will always obtain your consent prior to posting any Personal Information included in your testimonial(s).
6. Protection of information
Webflow is committed to ensuring the security of your Personal Information. We use commercially reasonable technological, physical, and administrative security safeguards, such as firewalls and carefully developed security features, to protect the confidentiality and security of your Personal Information on the Platforms. When you enter confidential information (such as login credentials or information submitted from within the Platform) we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). These technologies, procedures, and other measures are used in an effort to ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you authorized to access your data. However, no internet, email, or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error-free, so you should take care in deciding what information you send to us in this way. Webflow is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
BASICALLY...
The security of your information is extremely important to us. We take many steps to ensure your personal information is safe by using commercially reasonable technology and security safeguards. We are not responsible for the security measures of any third party.
7. Hosting and data transfer
As Webflow is based in the United States, we may host, transfer, and process your Personal Information in the United States or countries other than the United States. Webflow uses a variety of safeguards, including contractual and technical measures, to protect the Personal Information and data we transfer. Webflow will ensure that any of our service providers, processors, or third parties will undergo an adequate privacy vet prior to providing them your Personal Information.
If you are located in the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), European Union (“
EU
”), European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) or Switzerland, please see Webflow’s EU & Swiss Privacy Policy. Webflow is certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. Webflow is committed to complying with the
Data Privacy Framework’s Principles
. If you would like to submit a dispute under the Data Privacy Framework you may do so by following the
instructions found here
.
BASICALLY...
We’re based in the United States, but we may host, transfer, or process data in other countries through third parties that manage our service. By using our service, you are agreeing to this use of data in other countries, which may have different privacy laws.  If you’re in the United Kingdom (UK), European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, check out
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
.
TL;DR: We offer Standard Contractual Clauses for the protection of personal data that customers export to us from the UK or EEA.
8. Choice
We process and store information on behalf of our customers. You may decline to submit any Personal Information through the Platform; in which case we may not be able to provide certain services to you.
If you are a Webflow customer and would like to opt out of marketing communications from Webflow, please go to
https://webflow.com/dashboard/unsubscribe
.
Please refer to your mobile device or browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking / recording tools. Note that disabling cookies on your mobile device or browser may prevent us or our business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Platform. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Platform. You may opt-out individually for third-party vendors on their websites, but limitations on data sharing may make it difficult or impossible to provide the Platform after an opt-out.  You may also opt out of interest-based advertising provided by participating ad servers through the Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://optout.aboutads.info/
), the Network Advertising Initiative (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
), or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
).
California consumers may use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s tool to send requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) for a web browser to opt out of the sale of Personal Information by some or all of that framework’s participating companies by accessing the DAA’s tool here:
https://www.privacyrights.info/
, or by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices mobile application opt-out here:
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
.
The AppChoices app is not limited to opt-outs for CCPA purposes and may be used by anyone to limit the collection of cross-app data for interest-based advertising purposes by participating DAA member companies.
BASICALLY...
You can decline to give us certain personal information, though that may impact some of our services (more on that in our
Cookie Policy
). You can also
opt out of receiving marketing information
from Webflow.
9. Correcting and updating your information
Customers may update, delete, or change your Personal Information you have provided Webflow by
logging in to the Platform
and providing such additional information or deleting such information where applicable. If you are not a Customer and would like to gain access to, or request deletion of, information we have collected, please contact us at
contact@webflow.com
. We will provide a response in accordance with applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Webflow has no direct relationship with your End Users Any such End Users seeking access to, or who would like to correct, amend, or delete data which may be stored on the Platform should direct their request to you, the Customer. If Webflow receives a request from your End User we will inform you in a commercially reasonable amount of time.
BASICALLY...
You can always access and manage your personal information through your Webflow account, or by emailing us at
contact@webflow.com
.
10. Data retention
Webflow will retain Personal Information we process on your behalf for as long as necessary to provide the Platform to you, subject to our compliance with this Policy, or as required or permitted under applicable law. We may further retain and processPersonal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations; maintain accurate accounting, financial, and other operational records; resolve disputes; and enforce our agreements. We have established internal policies for the deletion of Personal Information following the termination of your Account.
BASICALLY...
We keep your personal information until we no longer need it to provide you with the service. We may also keep your personal information if required by law or to keep our internal records accurate. Once you terminate your account, we’ll delete your personal information, unless we're required by law to retain it.
11. Children's Personal Information
Webflow does not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the digital age of consent (13 in the United States, 16 in the EU).
If you are under the age of 13 (or the applicable digital age of consent), please do not submit any Personal Information through our Platform.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce our Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information on our Platform. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or the applicable digital age of consent) has provided Personal Information to Webflow through our Platform, please contact us, and we will delete that Personal Information from our databases without delay.
BASICALLY...
You must be at least 13 years old to use Webflow.
12. Your California privacy rights
This section applies only to California residents. Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), below is a summary of the Personal Information categories, as identified and defined by the CCPA (see California Civil Code section 1798.140 (o)), that we collect, the reason we collect your Personal Information, where we obtain the Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we may share your Personal Information.
We generally collect the following categories of Personal Information about you when you use our Site or services:
identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number, your device’s IP address, software, and identification numbers associated with your devices;
protected classifications, such as gender;
commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you;
Internet or other electronic information regarding your browsing history, the webpage visited before you came to our Sites, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information;
audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law;
professional or employment-related information.
We generally do not collect education-related or biometric information, geolocation information, or inferences about your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitudes. For more information about the Personal Information we collect and how we collect it, please refer to Sections 1 and 2, above.
We collect your Personal Information for the business purposes described in Section 2, above. The CCPA defines a “business purpose” as the use of Personal Information for the business’s operational purposes, or other notified purposes, provided the use of Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the Personal Information was collected.
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your Personal Information are listed in Section 2, above.
BASICALLY...
If you're a resident of California, you can ask us to send you a list of the types of personal information we share with our affiliates and third parties for marketing purposes.
13. U.S. State Privacy Rights
Residents of certain U.S. states, including but not limited to California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah, may have additional rights in relation to their Personal Information. However, these rights may be subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we may be unable to disclose specific pieces of Personal Information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of Personal Information, your Account with us, or the security of our network systems. Your rights may include:
Right Against Discrimination - You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to know, delete or opt-out of sales.
Right to Know - You have the right to request in writing: (i) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, email address, that a business has disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (ii) the names and addresses of all such third parties. In addition, you have the right to request: (i) the categories of personal information we have collected about you, (ii) the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, (iii) the business or commercial purpose for the information collection, (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information, and (v) the specific pieces of personal information we hold about an individual. You have the right to request a copy of the specific Personal Information we collected about you during the 12 months before your request.
Right to Delete - You have the right to request us to delete any Personal Information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.
To assert your right to know or your right to delete your Personal Information, please contact us according to the “Contact Us” section below. To verify your identity, we may ask you to verify Personal Information we already have on file for you. If we cannot verify your identity from the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.
Right to Opt-Out of Selling. As described in this Privacy Policy, in certain situations we may share your Personal Information with certain third parties for our marketing or other purposes. To the extent such sharing is considered a “sale” under the CCPA, as a California resident you have the right to opt-out of such sharing. If you would like us to no longer share your Personal Information in this way, you can opt-out by visiting the following web page:
Do Not Sell My Info
. If you opt-out, we may be unable to offer you some of our Platforms which require sharing of Personal Information.
California consumers may also use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s tool to send requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) for a web browser to opt out of the sale of personal information by some or all of that framework’s participating companies by accessing the DAA’s tool here:
https://www.privacyrights.info/
, or by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices mobile application opt-out here:
https://www.privacyrights.info/appchoices
.
The AppChoices app is not limited to opt-outs for CCPA purposes and may be used by anyone to limit the collection of cross-app data for interest-based advertising purposes by participating DAA member companies.
In addition, under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83–1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to:
privacy@webflow.com
or Webflow Inc., 398 11th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
BASICALLY...
If you're a resident of certain U.S. states you may have additional privacy rights.
14. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify, update, or change this Policy from time to time in the usual course of business, so we encourage you to review this page periodically. Notwithstanding, when we change this Policy in a material manner, we will update the effective date at the top of this page and provide you with reasonable advance notice before the updates to this Policy become effective. Webflow may provide such notifications to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, and/or through posting of such notice on the Platform. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you. You may be required to click-to-accept or otherwise agree to the updated Policy, but in any event your continued use or access of the Platform after the effective date of the updated Policy shall constitute your agreement to the updated Policy. The Policy will be effective as of the date specified in the effective date at the top of this page, and will apply to your use of the Platform from that point forward. If we update this Policy in a non-material manner after the effective date, we will update the last modified date at the top of this page. If you choose not to agree to this Policy or any future updated Policy, you may not use or access (and must discontinue any use or access to) the Platform. Webflow is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email address you provide us.
BASICALLY...
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. If we make any major changes, we’ll let you know by email or by a prominent notice on our site(s). As mentioned above, your continued use of the Platform means you agree to be bound by this privacy policy, so be sure to check it occasionally.
If we realize we forgot a punctuation mark somewhere or we need to make an immaterial change to some wording, we will update the Last Modified Date, so you can see the last time we touched the terms in any way. E.g. we will update the Last Modified date but will spare your inbox if our lawyers decide that they now prefer the word "regardless" over "notwithstanding."
15. Business transactions
Webflow may assign or transfer this Policy, and your user account and related Personal Information, to any person or entity that acquires all or substantially all of the business, stock or assets of, or is merged with Webflow. We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, or similar transactions or proceedings, provided that the recipient of such information will continue to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
16. Contact us
If you have questions regarding this Policy or about the privacy practices of Webflow, please contact us by email at
privacy@webflow.com
, or at:
Webflow, Inc.
398 11th Street, 2nd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
Table of contents
1. What “Personal Information” means
2. How we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and other information
3. Links to other websites
4. Public forums
5. Customer testimonials / comments / reviews
6. Protection of information
7. Hosting and data transfer
8. Choice
9. Correcting and updating your information
10. Data retention
11. Children's Personal Information
12. Your California privacy rights
13. U.S. State Privacy Rights
14. Changes to the Privacy Policy
15. Business transactions
16. Contact us
We use cookies (and other similar technologies) to improve your experience on our site. By using this website you agree to our
Cookie Policy
.
You can change your preferences at any time.
✕
Sub-policy 8
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Close
View this page in
your language
?
All languages
中文
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
한국어
Nederlands
日本語
Português
Pусский
Polski
Legal
Legal information
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What this policy covers
What information we collect about you
How we use information we collect
How we disclose information we collect
How we store and secure information we collect
How long we keep information
How to access and control your information
How we transfer information we collect internationally
Other important privacy information
Additional disclosures for CA residents
Contact us
Key Changes
Privacy Policy
Effective starting: May 17, 2024
(
view archived versions
)
What this policy covers
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This policy is intended to help you understand:
What information we collect about you
How we use information we collect
How we disclose information we collect
How we store and secure information we collect
How long we keep information
How to access and control your information
How we transfer information we collect internationally
Other important privacy information
Additional disclosures for California residents
This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our products or services, or otherwise interact with us (for example, by attending our premises or events or by communicating with us), unless a different policy is displayed. For information about how we process applicant and former employee data, please see the
Atlassian Careers Privacy Notice
or the
Former Workplace Privacy Notice
. For information about how we process information submitted in a voluntary demographic survey during the application process, see our
Demographic Survey Privacy Notice
. Atlassian, we and us refers to Atlassian Pty Ltd, Atlassian US, Inc. and any of our corporate affiliates. We offer a wide range of products,
including our cloud, server and data center products
.  We refer to all of these products, together with our other services and websites as "Services" in this policy.
This policy also explains your choices surrounding how we use information about you, which include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you.
If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business
.
Where we provide the Services under contract with an organization (for example, your employer), that organization controls the information processed by the Services. For more information, please see Notice to End Users below. This policy does not apply to the extent we process personal information in the role of a processor on behalf of such organizations.
What information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
Information you provide to us
We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and Profile Information:
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the Services. For example, you provide your contact information and, in some cases, billing information, when you register for the Services. You also have the option of adding a display name, profile photo, job title, and other details to your profile information to be displayed in our Services.  We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Services.
Content you provide through our products
: The Services include the Atlassian products you use, where we collect and store content that you post, send, receive and share. This content includes any information about you that you may choose to include. Examples of content we collect and store include: the summary and description added to a Jira issue, the pages you create in Confluence, the name of a Trello board, your repositories and pull requests in Bitbucket, information regarding an incident in Statuspage or Opsgenie, any stories you name in Jira Align, any forms you create in Jira, and any feedback you provide to us. Content also includes the files and links you upload to the Services. If you use a server or data center version of the Services, we do not host, store, transmit, receive or collect information about you (including your content), except in limited cases, where permitted by your administrator: we collect feedback you provide directly to us through the product and; we collect content using analytics techniques that hash, filter or otherwise scrub the information to exclude information that might identify you or your organization; and we collect clickstream data about how you interact with and use features in the Services. Server and data center administrators can disable our collection of this information from the Services via the administrator settings or prevent this information from being disclosed to us by blocking transmission at the local network level.
Content you provide through our websites:
The Services also include our websites owned or operated by us. We collect other content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social networking websites operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities or events.
Information you provide through our support channels:
The Services also include our customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Service.  Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.
Payment Information:
We collect payment and billing information when you register for certain paid Services.  For example, we ask you to designate a billing representative, including name and contact information, upon registration.  You might also provide payment information, such as payment card details, which we collect via secure payment processing services.
Information we collect automatically when you use the Services
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services.
Your use of the Services
: We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Services. This information includes the features you use; the links you click on; the type, size and filenames of attachments you upload to the Services; search terms; your team’s Jira Align story progress; and how you interact with others on the Services.  We also collect information about the teams and people you work with and how you work with them, like who you collaborate with and communicate with most frequently.  If you use a server or data center version of the Services, the information we collect about your use of the Services is limited to clickstream data about how you interact with and use features in the Services, in addition to content-related information described in "Content you provide through our products," above.  Server and data center administrators can disable our collection of this information from the Services via the administrator settings or prevent this information from being disclosed to us by blocking transmission at the local network level.
Device and Connection Information
: We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience.  How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services.  Server and data center Service administrators can disable collection of this information via the administrator settings or prevent this information from being disclosed to us by blocking transmission at the local network level.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
: Atlassian and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different Services and devices. For more information, please see our
Cookies and Tracking Notice
, which includes information on how to control or opt out of these cookies and tracking technologies. Please refer to
Loom's Cookie Policy
for details on cookies and tracking technologies used within Loom products and websites.
Information we receive from other sources
We receive information about you from other Service users, from third-party services, from our related companies, social media platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to update and improve our records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Other users of the Services
: Other users of our Services may provide information about you when they submit content through the Services. For example, you may be mentioned in a Jira issue or paged via an Opsgenie incident opened by someone else, a team member may upload content about you to a Trello board, or your team’s story status may be discussed in Jira Align.  We also receive your email address from other Service users when they provide it in order to invite you to the Services.  Similarly, an administrator may provide your contact information when they designate you as the billing or technical contact on your company's account or when they designate you as an administrator.
Other services you link to your account
: We receive information about you when you or your administrator integrate third-party apps, like Power-UPs, or link a third-party service with our Services. For example, if you create an account or log into the Services using your Google credentials, we receive your name and email address as permitted by your Google profile settings in order to authenticate you. You or your administrator may also integrate our Services with other services you use, such as to allow you to access, store, disclose and edit certain content from a third-party through our Services.  For example, you may authorize our Services to access, display and store files from a third-party document-sharing service within the Services interface. Or you may authorize our Services to connect with a third-party calendaring service or to sync a contact list or address book so that your meetings and connections are available to you through the Services, so you can invite others to collaborate with you on our Services or so your organization can limit access to certain users. Your administrator may also authorize our Services to connect with a third party reporting service so your organization can review how the Services are being used. The information we receive when you link or integrate our Services with a third-party service depends on the settings, permissions and privacy policy controlled by that third-party service. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to us or shared with our Services.
Atlassian Companies
:  We receive information about you from other Atlassian corporate affiliates, in accordance with their terms and policies.
Atlassian Partners
:  We work with a
global network of partners
who provide consulting, implementation, training and other services around our products.  Some of these partners also help us to market and promote our Services, generate leads for us, and resell our Services.  We receive information from these partners, such as billing information, billing and technical contact information, company name, what Atlassian Services you have purchased or may be interested in, evaluation information you have provided, what events you have attended, and what country you are in.
Other Partners
: We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Services from third-party partners, such as advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about your interest in and engagement with, our Services and online advertisements.
Third Party Providers
: We may receive information about you from third party providers of business information and publicly available sources (like social media platforms), including physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses and social media profiles, for the purposes of targeted advertising of products that may interest you, delivering personalized communications, event promotion, and profiling.
How we use information we collect
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us.  Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide the Services and personalize your experience
: We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to process transactions with you, authenticate you when you log in, provide customer support, and operate, maintain, and improve the Services.  For example, we use the name and picture you provide in your account to identify you to other Service users. Our Services also include tailored features that personalize your experience, enhance your productivity, and improve your ability to collaborate effectively with others by automatically analyzing the activities of your team to provide search results, activity feeds, notifications, connections and recommendations that are most relevant for you and your team.  For example, we may use your stated job title and activity to return search results we think are relevant to your job function.  We also use information about you to connect you with other team members seeking your subject matter expertise. We may use your email domain to infer your affiliation with a particular organization or industry to personalize the content and experience you receive on our websites. Where you use multiple Services, we combine information about you and your activities to provide an integrated experience, such as to allow you to find information from one Service while searching from another or to present relevant product information as you travel across our websites. Based on your interactions with different Atlassian products and advertisements, we will personalize your experience and tailor our communications and offers to you. To opt out of this personalization, please contact privacy@atlassian.com.
For research and development
:  We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter, faster, secure, integrated, and useful.  We use information and collective learnings (including feedback) about how people use our Services to troubleshoot, to identify trends, usage, activity patterns, and areas for integration and to improve our Services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, to improve the @mention feature, we automatically analyze recent interactions among users and how often they @mention one another to surface the most relevant connections for users. We automatically analyze and aggregate search terms to improve the accuracy and relevance of suggested topics that auto-populate when you use the search feature. In some cases, we apply these learnings across our Services to improve and develop similar features, to better integrate the Services you use, or to provide you with insights based on how others use our Services. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users.
To communicate with you about the Services
: We use your contact information to send transactional communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, reminding you of subscription expirations, responding to your comments, questions and requests, providing customer support, and sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages.  We send you email notifications when you or others interact with you on the Services, for example, when you are @mentioned on a page or ticket, when a task is assigned to you, or when you are added to a Trello board. Depending on your chosen method of contact, we may send you SMS notifications or call you if you are on-call for incident alerts in Opsgenie.
We also provide tailored communications based on your activity and interactions with us.  For example, certain actions you take in the Services may automatically trigger a feature or third-party app suggestion within the Services that would make that task easier.  We also send you communications as you onboard to a particular Service to help you become more proficient in using that Service. These communications are part of the Services and in most cases you cannot opt out of them.  If an opt out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings.
To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services:
We use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you, including by email and by displaying Atlassian ads on other companies' websites and applications.  These communications may be informed by audits of interactions (like counting ad impressions), and are aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, newsletters, and events we think may be of interest to you.  We also communicate with you about new Services, product offers, promotions, and contests.  You can control whether you receive these communications as described below under "Opt-out of communications."
Customer support
: We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the Services. Where you give us express permission to do so, we disclose information to a third party expert for the purpose of responding to support-related requests.
For safety and security
: We use information about you and your Service use to verify accounts and activity, to detect, prevent, and respond to potential or actual security incidents and to monitor and protect against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including violations of Service policies.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights
:
Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
With your consent
: We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above.  For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote the Services, with your permission.
Legal bases for processing (for EEA users)
:
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws.  The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.  Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
How we disclose information we collect
We make collaboration tools, and we want them to work well for you.  This means disclosing information through the Services and to certain third parties.  We disclose information we collect about you in the ways discussed below, including in connection with possible business transfers. Please note that information about you, your devices, and your behavior collected through third-party cookies, pixels, tags, or other tracking technologies for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising may be considered a “sale” or “share” under certain US state laws. However, Atlassian is not a data broker, and we do not sell personal information for monetary consideration.
Disclosing to other Service users
When you use the Services, we disclose certain information about you to other Service users.
For collaboration
: You can create content, which may contain information about you, and grant permission to others to see, disclose, edit, copy and download that content based on settings you or your administrator (if applicable) select.  Some of the collaboration features of the Services display some or all of your profile information to other Service users when you disclose or interact with specific content.  For example, when you comment on a Confluence page or Jira issue, we display your profile picture and name next to your comments so that other users with access to the page or issue understand who made the comment. Similarly, when you publish a Confluence page, your name is displayed as the author of that page, and Service users with permission to view the page can view your profile information as well.  Your team’s story status in Jira Align or certain profile information when you are listed in an Opsgenie on-call schedule, can be seen by other users with certain role permissions or team assignments. Please be aware that some aspects of the Services like Confluence pages, Bitbucket repositories, or Trello boards can be made publicly available, meaning any content posted in that space, including information about you, can be publicly viewed, indexed by, and returned in search results of search engines.  You can confirm whether certain Service properties are publicly visible from within the Services or by contacting the relevant administrator.
Managed accounts and administrators
: If you register or access the Services using an email address with a domain that is owned by your employer or organization or associate that email address with your existing account, and such organization wishes to establish an account or site, certain information about you including your name, profile picture, contact info, content and past use of your account may become accessible to that organization’s administrator and other Service users sharing the same domain.  If you are an administrator for a particular site or group of users within the Services, we may disclose your contact information to current or past Service users, for the purpose of facilitating Service-related requests.
Community Forums
:  Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs, forums, issue trackers, and wikis (e.g.,
Atlassian Community
,
Atlassian Developer Community
,
Trello Community
, and
Trello Inspiration
). You should be aware that any information you provide on these websites - including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information - may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites.  Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these Services. To request removal of your information from publicly accessible websites operated by us, please contact us as provided below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to and why.
Disclosing to third parties
We disclose information to third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Services. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties, excluding aggregators and providers of the text messaging services.
Service Providers
: We work with third-party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis, marketing, and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you.  If a service provider needs to access information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under close instruction from us, including appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Atlassian Partners
: We work with third parties who provide consulting, sales, support, and technical services to deliver and implement customer solutions around the Services. We may disclose your information to these third parties in connection with their services, such as to assist with billing and collections, to provide localized support, and to provide customizations.  We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third Party Apps
: You, your administrator or other Service users may choose to add new functionality or change the behavior of the Services by installing third party apps within the Services.  Doing so may give third-party apps access to your account and information about you like your name and email address, and any content you choose to use in connection with those apps.  If you are an administrator, or a technical or billing contact listed on an account, we disclose your details to the third-party app provider upon installation. Third-party app policies and procedures are not controlled by us, and this privacy policy does not cover how third-party apps use your information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services to learn more about their privacy and information handling practices. If you object to information about you being disclosed to these third parties, please uninstall the app.
Links to Third Party Sites
: The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit information to any of those third party sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Third Party Services:
We may offer you the ability to interact with or disclose information to third parties through the Services. For example, we may offer users the ability to log in to the Services via a third-party service like Google, access embedded maps through Google Maps or interact with social media networks via links on the Services. When you intentionally interact with these third parties, we may disclose certain information to those third parties or receive information with those third parties, consistent with your privacy settings on the third-party service. Such information may include contact information, identification, and demographic information, and device information and identifiers. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand how those third-parties may use your information.
Third Party Widgets
: Some of our services contain widgets and social media features, such as the Twitter "tweet" button or Facebook "like" button. These widgets and features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Widgets and social media features are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on our Services. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand how those third-parties may use your information.
With your consent
: We disclose information about you to third parties when you give us consent to do so.  For example, we often display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our public websites. With your consent, we may post your name alongside the testimonial.
Compliance with Enforcement Requests and Applicable Laws; Enforcement of Our Rights
: In exceptional circumstances, we may disclose information about you to a third party if we believe that sharing is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements, (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, (c) protect the security or integrity of our products and services, (d) protect Atlassian, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (e) respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person. For more information on how we respond to government requests, see our
Guidelines for Law Enforcement
and our
Transparency Report
.
Disclosing to affiliated companies
We disclose information we collect to affiliated companies and, in some cases, to prospective affiliates.  Affiliated companies are companies owned or operated by us.  The protections of this privacy policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Atlassian companies
: We disclose information we have about you to other Atlassian corporate affiliates in order to operate and improve products and services and to offer other Atlassian affiliated services to you. This includes companies that own or operate the Services.
Business Transfers
: We may disclose or transfer information we collect under this privacy policy in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Services if a transaction takes place, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information.
How we store and secure information we collect
Information storage and security
We use industry standard technical and organizational measures to secure the information we store. For more information on where and how we store your information, please see the
Atlassian Trust
,
Trello Trust
, and
Jira Align Trust
pages.
While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
If you use our server or data center Services, responsibility for securing storage and access to the information you put into the Services rests with you and not Atlassian. We strongly recommend that server or data center users configure SSL to prevent interception of information transmitted over networks and to restrict access to the databases and other storage points used.
How long we keep information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below.  After such time, we will either delete or de-identify your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
Account information
: We retain your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services.  We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.
Information you share on the Services
: If your account is deactivated or disabled, some of your information and the content you have provided will remain in order to allow your team members or other users to make full use of the Services.  For example, we continue to display messages you sent to the users that received them and continue to display content you provided, but when requested details that can identify you will be removed.
Managed accounts
: If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account.  For more information, see "Managed accounts and administrators" above.
Marketing information
: If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our Services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your Atlassian account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
How to access and control your information
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.
Your Choices
:
Where applicable under local law, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information.
Depending on which jurisdiction you live in, you may have the right to request information about our processing of your information, to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, to request your information in a structured, electronic format, to request to correct or update your information, to request to opt out of “sales” or “sharing” of personal information and targeted advertising (as these terms are defined under applicable law), and to request to opt out of certain profiling activities.  Below, we describe the tools and processes for making these requests.  You can exercise some of the choices by logging into the Services and using settings available within the Services or your account. Where the Services are administered for you by an administrator (see "Notice to End Users" below), you may need to contact your administrator to assist with your requests first.  For all other requests, you may contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below to request assistance.
Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we or your administrator are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.  Where you have asked us to disclose data to third parties, for example, by installing third-party apps, you will need to contact those third-party service providers directly to have your information deleted or otherwise restricted.  If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed. Where applicable under local law, you may also contact us as provided in the “Contact Us” section below to appeal any decision we make relating to your request to exercise your rights.
Access and update your information
: Our Services and related documentation (see
Atlassian Documentation
,
Trello Help
, and
Loom Documentation
) give you the ability to access and update certain information about you from within the Service. For example, you can access your profile information from your account and search for content containing information about you using key word searches in the Service.  You can update your profile information within your profile settings and modify content that contains information about you using the editing tools associated with that content.
Deactivate your account
:   If you no longer wish to use our Services, you or your administrator may be able to deactivate your Services account. If you can deactivate your own account, that setting is available to you in your account settings. Otherwise, please contact your administrator. If you are an administrator and are unable to deactivate an account through your administrator settings, please contact the appropriate support team through
Atlassian
’s support pages.  Please be aware that deactivating your account does not delete your information; your information remains visible to other Service users based on your past participation within the Services.  For more information on how to delete your information, see below.
Delete your information
: Our Services and related documentation (see
Atlassian Documentation
, and
Loom Documentation
) give you the ability to delete certain information about you from within the Service. For example, you can remove content that contains information about you using the key word search and editing tools associated with that content, and you can remove certain profile information within your profile settings. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
Request that we stop using your information
:  In some cases, you may ask us to stop accessing, storing, using and otherwise processing your information where you believe we don't have the appropriate rights to do so.  For example, if you believe a Services account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this policy.  Where you gave us consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place at the time. You can also opt-out of our use of your information for certain marketing purposes by contacting us, as provided below.  When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request.  If there is delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your information, we will restrict any further use of your information until the request is honored or the dispute is resolved, provided your administrator does not object (where applicable).  If you object to information about you being disclosed to a third-party app, please disable the app or contact your administrator to do so.
Opt out of communications
: You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, updating your email preferences within your Service account settings menu, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database.  Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services. You can opt out of some notification messages in your account settings. Please note, you will continue to receive generic ads.
Opt out of targeted advertising
: Where applicable under local law, you may have the right to opt out of targeted advertising by
clicking here
and following the instructions.
You may also be able to opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from other companies who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. For more information about this practice and to understand your options, please visit:
http://www.aboutads.info
,
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
Turn off Cookie Controls
: Relevant browser-based cookie controls are described in our
Cookies & Tracking Notice
. Please refer to
Loom’s Cookie Policy
for details on cookies and tracking technologies used within Loom products and websites.
Send "Do Not Track" Signals
: Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Our websites may not respond to all browser-based DNT signals; however, our websites do respond to the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) to opt-out of “sales” of personal information and targeted advertising in certain locales. For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the GPC signal, see
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. You can also use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing from us as described above.
Data portability
: Data portability is the ability to obtain some of your information in a format you can move from one service provider to another (for instance, when you transfer your mobile phone number to another carrier).  Depending on the context, this applies to some of your information, but not to all of your information.  Should you request it, we will provide you with an electronic file of your basic account information and the information you create on the spaces under your sole control, like your personal Bitbucket repository.
How we transfer information we collect internationally
International transfers of information we collect
We collect information globally and may transfer, process, and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services.  Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.
International transfers within the Atlassian Companies
: To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information globally and allow access to that information from countries in which the Atlassian owned or operated companies have operations for the purposes described in this policy. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the laws of many of the countries where our customers and users are based. When we disclose information about you within and among Atlassian corporate affiliates, we make use of the Data Privacy Framework to receive personal data transfers from the European Union/European Economic Area to the U.S. (see “Data Privacy Framework Notice” section below), and the standard contractual data protection clauses, which have been approved by the European Commission, to safeguard the transfer of information we collect from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (the "UK"), and Switzerland. Refer to
this page
for a list of countries to which we regularly transfer personal data.
International transfers to third parties
: Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we disclose information of customers in the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland, we make use of the European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses, binding corporate rules for transfers to data processors, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
On July 10, 2023, the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) entered into force.
Atlassian, Inc. and its U.S. subsidiaries (Atlassian Network Service, Inc., Dogwood Labs, Inc., AgileCraft LLC, Halp, Inc., Loom, Inc., Opsgenie, Inc., and Trello, Inc.) adhere to the Data Privacy Framework Principles regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data that is transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the U.S.
Atlassian complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Atlassian has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Atlassian has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework Program, please visit the Data Privacy Framework Program website
here
. To view Atlassian’s certifications, search for “Atlassian” in the Data Privacy Framework List.
As required under the principles, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework related (or general privacy-related) complaint.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our
U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider
(free of charge).  Through this third-party dispute resolution provider, we have also committed to cooperating and complying with the information and advice provided by an informal panel of data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (as applicable) in relation to unresolved complaints (as further described in the Data Privacy Framework Principles). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area or Switzerland (as applicable) for unresolved complaints.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
Atlassian, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Other important privacy information
Notice to End Users
Many of our products are intended for use by organizations. Where the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g. your employer), that organization is the administrator of the Services and is responsible for the accounts and/or Service sites over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator, as your use of the Services is subject to that organization's policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of an administrator's organization, which may be different than this policy.
Administrators are able to:
require you to reset your account password;
restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Services;
access information in and about your account;
access or retain information stored as part of your account;
install or uninstall third-party apps or other integrations
In some cases, administrators can also:
restrict, suspend or terminate your account access;
change the email address associated with your account;
change your information, including profile information;
restrict your ability to edit, restrict, modify or delete information
Even if the Services are not currently administered to you by an organization, if you are a member of a Trello team administered by an organization, or if you use an email address provided by an organization (such as your work email address) to access the Services, then the owner of the domain associated with your email address (e.g. your employer) may assert administrative control over your account and use of the Services at a later date.  You will be notified if this happens.
If you do not want an administrator to be able to assert control over your account or use of the Services, you should deactivate your membership with the relevant Trello board, team or enterprise, or use your personal email address to register for or access the Services.  If an administrator has not already asserted control over your account or access to the Services, you can update the email address associated with your account through your account settings in your profile.  Once an administrator asserts control over your account or use of the Services, you will no longer be able to change the email address associated with your account without administrator approval.
Please contact your organization or refer to your administrator’s organizational policies for more information.
Additional disclosures for California residents
The disclosures in this section apply only to California residents and are intended to supplement the Atlassian Privacy Policy with information required by California law.
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collected in the past 12 months, the purposes for which we may collect and disclose this information, the categories of recipients of disclosures made for business purposes in the past 12 months, and the categories of recipients of disclosures made in the past 12 months that may be considered “sales” of personal information or “sharing” of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising under California law.
Identifiers
, such as name, email address, unique identifiers associated with user or user account, IP Address
Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing
Providing the Services
User authentication
Service access controls
Billing
Analytics and research
Marketing
Detecting security incidents
Debugging
Internal research
Service enhancements
Customer support
Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes
Atlassian Companies
Atlassian Partners
Service Providers
Third Party Apps
Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing”
Third Party Advertising Providers
Commercial information
, such as purchase details, transaction records, billing information, billing address, payment card details
Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing
Providing the Services
Billing
Analytics and research
Marketing
Detecting security incidents
Debugging
Internal research
Service enhancements
Customer support
Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes
Atlassian Companies
Atlassian Partners
Service Providers
Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing”
-NA-
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as information about your usage of the Services, pseudonymous IDs, clickstream data, device and connection information, browser information, crash data, referring/exit URLs, IP Address
Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing
Providing the Services
Internal research
Service enhancements
Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes
Atlassian Companies
Atlassian Partners
Event Sponsors
Service Providers
Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing”
-NA-
Visual information
, such as photos or avatars, with your consent, recordings of your attendance at our events
Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing
Providing the Services
Internal research
Service enhancements
Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes
Atlassian Companies
Atlassian Partners
Event Sponsors
Service Providers
Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing”
-NA-
Professional or employment information
, such as job title, company name, company domain
Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing
Providing the Services
Analytics and research
Marketing
Detecting security incidents
Debugging
Internal research
Service enhancements
Customer support
Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes
Atlassian Companies
Atlassian Partners
Service Providers
Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing”
-NA-
Geolocation data
, such as your approximate location, IP address, time zone
Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing
Providing the Services
Internal research
Service enhancements
Marketing-Customer support
Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes
Atlassian Companies
Atlassian Partners
Service Providers
Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing”
Third Party Advertising Providers
Inferences
(drawn about you based on other personal information we collect), such as preferences, interests, user behavior data
Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing
Providing the Services
Internal research
Marketing
Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes
Atlassian Companies
Service Providers
Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing”
Third Party Advertising Providers
Sensitive personal information
, such as login credentials and passwords
Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing
User authentication
Service access controls
Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes
Atlassian Companies
Service Providers
Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing”
-NA-
If you have questions about the categories of information we may collect about you or the sources of such information, please be sure to visit the section of this policy called, “
What information we collect about you.
” For more details about our processing activities, please be sure to visit the section called, “
How we use information we collect.
” And for more information about how we may disclose information to third parties, please visit the section called, “
How we disclose information we collect.
”
Sensitive personal information:
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than permitted under applicable law.
Retention
: We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to carry out the business purposes described in this policy, or as otherwise required under law. The length of retention may vary depending upon factors such as recordkeeping or legal compliance requirements, the need to resolve inquiries or complaints, and the existence of an ongoing relationship with you. Please visit the “
How long we keep information
” section of this privacy policy for more information about specific retention criteria for different categories of personal information.
Exercising your rights
: If you are a California resident, there are some additional rights that may be available to you under the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”). This policy explains the tools that we have made available to you to exercise your data rights under the CCPA, including such as the rights to request information about how we process your personal information, request deletion and the right to request access to the specific pieces of categories of personal information we have collected about you.
For more information on how to exercise these your rights, please visit the “
How to access and control your information
” section of this policy. We encourage you to manage your information, and to make use of the privacy controls we have included in our Services. You will not be discriminated against for exercising any of your privacy rights under the CCPA. In order to protect your information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to provide additional information to for verification your identity. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your requests to know, access provide, correct, or delete your information.
Opt out of certain disclosures to third parties
: You may also opt out of “sales” of personal information and “sharing” of personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising by clicking
here
and following the instructions. Where required, we also honor requests to opt out submitted via privacy preference signals recognized under applicable law, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the GPC signal, see
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Authorized agent
: You may also authorize an agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from the agent when they make a request on your behalf. We may also ask you to verify your own identity and directly confirm with you that you have granted permission to the authorized agent.
Our policy towards children
The Services are not directed to individuals under 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact the appropriate support team (see
Atlassian
,
Jira Align
, or
Trello
support pages).
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice on the Services homepages, login screens, or by sending you an email notification. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.  We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services and deactivate your account(s), as outlined above.
Contact Us
Your information is controlled by Atlassian Pty Ltd and Atlassian, Inc.  If you have questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to Atlassian Pty Ltd, which we have appointed to be responsible for facilitating such inquiries or, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area, please contact our EU Representative.
Atlassian Pty Ltd
c/o Atlassian, Inc.
350 Bush Street, Floor 13
San Francisco, CA 94104
E-Mail:
privacy@atlassian.com
EU Representative:
Atlassian B.V.
c/o Atlassian, Inc.
350 Bush Street, Floor 13
San Francisco, CA 94104
E-Mail:
eudatarep@atlassian.com
UK Representative:
Atlassian (UK) Operations Limited
c/o Herbert Smith Freehills LLP
Exchange House
Primrose Street
London EC2A 2EG
United Kingdom
E-Mail:
ukrepresentative@atlassian.com
Key Changes
Effective May 17, 2024
We have updated the section Data Privacy Framework Notice as part of our Data Privacy Framework certification.
Effective April 1, 2024
We have incorporated Loom into the Privacy Policy.
Effective July 17, 2023
We have replaced the section
Privacy Shield Notice
with
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Notice
to reflect the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF) on July 10, 2023.
Effective January 1, 2020
We have updated the
Other important privacy information
section by adding a section on the California Consumer Privacy Act.
November 1, 2019
We are updating our Privacy Policy to reflect Jira Align and Trello specific examples as we fully integrate them into the Atlassian family.
We added details on data we may collect from third parties and public databases.
We provided information about how we create user profiles and how you can opt out of this.
November 1, 2018
We are updating our Privacy Policy to reflect the expansion of our cloud data storage infrastructure
May 25, 2018
Better navigation and user-friendly language. To make the policy easier to understand, we use clear, plain language and examples that illustrate our activities. We reformatted our privacy policy page with active links, so you can quickly find the information that matters most to you.
How we integrate our products. We're always improving our products to give you a frictionless and customized experience. The updates to our policy describe the tools we’ve built to make our products smarter and allow you to move seamlessly from one Atlassian product to another.
More control over your information. We make it easy for you to control the information you provide to us. Our policy explains how you can make choices about your information, and the measures we’ve put in place to keep your information secure.
Using our products for work. Many users have access to our services through their organizations (e.g., their employers), who control their accounts or use of our services. The updated policy clarifies our relationship to these users and explains the tools available to administrators of these users.
Related content
Former Workplace Privacy Notice
Learn more
Careers Privacy Notice
Learn more
Diversity Survey Privacy Notice
Learn more
Cookies & Tracking Notice
Learn more
Stay informed
Subscribe to receive notifications from us about updates to our legal terms (including our legal policies) and our list of sub-processors.
Sign up for updates
Select Language
Abkhaz
Acehnese
Acholi
Afar
Afrikaans
Albanian
Alur
Amharic
Arabic
Armenian
Assamese
Avar
Awadhi
Aymara
Azerbaijani
Balinese
Baluchi
Bambara
Baoulé
Bashkir
Basque
Batak Karo
Batak Simalungun
Batak Toba
Belarusian
Bemba
Bengali
Betawi
Bhojpuri
Bikol
Bosnian
Breton
Bulgarian
Buryat
Cantonese
Catalan
Cebuano
Chamorro
Chechen
Chichewa
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Chuukese
Chuvash
Corsican
Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic)
Crimean Tatar (Latin)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dari
Dhivehi
Dinka
Dogri
Dombe
Dutch
Dyula
Dzongkha
Esperanto
Estonian
Ewe
Faroese
Fijian
Filipino
Finnish
Fon
French
French (Canada)
Frisian
Friulian
Fulani
Ga
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Guarani
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hakha Chin
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Hiligaynon
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Hunsrik
Iban
Icelandic
Igbo
Ilocano
Indonesian
Inuktut (Latin)
Inuktut (Syllabics)
Irish Gaelic
Italian
Jamaican Patois
Japanese
Javanese
Jingpo
Kalaallisut
Kannada
Kanuri
Kapampangan
Kazakh
Khasi
Khmer
Kiga
Kikongo
Kinyarwanda
Kituba
Kokborok
Komi
Konkani
Korean
Krio
Kurdish (Kurmanji)
Kurdish (Sorani)
Kyrgyz
Lao
Latgalian
Latin
Latvian
Ligurian
Limburgish
Lingala
Lithuanian
Lombard
Luganda
Luo
Luxembourgish
Macedonian
Madurese
Maithili
Makassar
Malagasy
Malay
Malay (Jawi)
Malayalam
Maltese
Mam
Manx
Maori
Marathi
Marshallese
Marwadi
Mauritian Creole
Meadow Mari
Meiteilon (Manipuri)
Minang
Mizo
Mongolian
Myanmar (Burmese)
N'Ko
Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca)
Ndau
Ndebele (South)
Nepal Bhasa (Newari)
Nepali
Norwegian
Nuer
Occitan
Odia (Oriya)
Oromo
Ossetian
Pangasinan
Papiamento
Pashto
Persian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Portuguese (Portugal)
Punjabi (Gurmukhi)
Punjabi (Shahmukhi)
Quechua
Qʼeqchiʼ
Romani
Romanian
Rundi
Russian
Sami (North)
Samoan
Sango
Sanskrit
Santali (Latin)
Santali (Ol Chiki)
Scots Gaelic
Sepedi
Serbian
Sesotho
Seychellois Creole
Shan
Shona
Sicilian
Silesian
Sindhi
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Sundanese
Susu
Swahili
Swati
Swedish
Tahitian
Tajik
Tamazight
Tamazight (Tifinagh)
Tamil
Tatar
Telugu
Tetum
Thai
Tibetan
Tigrinya
Tiv
Tok Pisin
Tongan
Tshiluba
Tsonga
Tswana
Tulu
Tumbuka
Turkish
Turkmen
Tuvan
Twi
Udmurt
Ukrainian
Urdu
Uyghur
Uzbek
Venda
Venetian
Vietnamese
Waray
Welsh
Wolof
Xhosa
Yakut
Yiddish
Yoruba
Yucatec Maya
Zapotec
Zulu
Powered by
Translate
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience, perform analytics and research, and conduct advertising. To change your preferences, click Manage preferences. Otherwise, clicking Accept all cookies indicates you agree to our use of cookies on your device.
Clicking Reject all cookies means you do not agree to our use of non-strictly necessary cookies on your device
.
Atlassian Cookies and Tracking Notice
Manage preferences
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Manage Preferences
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Accept all
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
Active
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
Active
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 9
https://slack.com/trust/privacy/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Trust navigation
Overview
Slack privacy policy
Privacy FAQ
Data request overview
Data request policy
Transparency report
Cookie policy
Slack's GDPR Commitment
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) FAQ
CCPA metric disclosure
FERPA Compliance
Overview
Transparency and control
Privacy principles: search, learning and intelligence
Legal overview
Effective: 5th July 2023
This Privacy Policy describes how Slack collects, uses and discloses information associated with an identified or identifiable individual (referred to in this Privacy Policy as
‘Personal Data’
) and what choices you have around this activity. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
When we refer to ‘
Slack
’, we mean Slack Technologies, LLC or Slack Technologies Limited, as explained in more detail in the ‘Identifying the data controller and processor’ section below.
Table of contents:
Applicability of this Privacy Policy
Information we collect and receive
How we process your information and our legal bases for doing so
How we share and disclose information
Data retention
Security
Age limitations
Changes to this Privacy Policy
International data transfers
Data Protection Officer
Identifying the Data Controller and Processor
Your rights
California privacy rights
Data Protection Authority
Contacting Slack
Applicability of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Slack’s online workplace productivity tools and platform, including the associated Slack mobile and desktop applications (collectively, the ‘
Services
’), Slack.com and other Slack websites (collectively, the ‘
Websites
’) and other interactions (e.g. customer service enquiries, user conferences, etc.) that you may have with Slack. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then do not access or use the Services, Websites or any other aspect of Slack’s business. For the avoidance of doubt, this is the only privacy policy that applies to Slack.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with the Services through the Slack platform (‘
Third-Party Services
’), or any other third-party products, services or businesses who will provide their services under their own terms of service and privacy policy. In addition, a separate agreement governs delivery, access and use of the Services (the ‘
Customer Agreement
’), including the processing of data such as messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts (collectively, ‘
Customer Data
’). The organisation (e.g. your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (the ‘
Customer
’) controls its instance of the Services (its ‘
Workspace
’) and any associated Customer Data. If you have any questions about specific Workspace settings and privacy practices, please contact the Customer whose Workspace you use. If you have an account, you can check
http://slack.com/account/team
for the contact information of your workspace owner(s) and administrator(s). If you have received an invitation to join a Workspace but have not yet created an account, you should request assistance from the Customer that sent the invitation.
California notice of collection of personal information: We collect the information described below under ‘Information we collect and receive’ for the business and commercial purposes described below under ‘Information use’. To learn more about exercising your California privacy rights, please review the ‘California privacy rights’ section below.
Information we collect and receive
Slack will collect and receive information through operating the Services and Websites, and through other interactions with Slack. Such information will include Customer Data and other information and data (‘
Other Information
’) in a variety of ways:
Customer Data
. Customers or individuals granted access to a Workspace by a Customer (‘
Authorised Users
’) routinely submit Customer Data (such as messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts) to Slack when using the Services.
Other Information.
Slack also collects, generates and/or receives the following categories of Other Information:
Workspace and account information
: To create or update a Workspace account, you or our Customer (e.g. your employer) supply Slack with an email address, phone number, password, domain and/or other account set-up details (for more detail on Workspace creation,
click here
. In addition, Customers that purchase a paid version of the Services provide Slack (or its payment processors) with billing details such as credit card information, banking information and/or a billing address.
Usage information:
Services metadata
. When an Authorised User interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way that an Authorised User uses the Services. For example, Slack logs the Workspaces, channels, people, features, content and links that you view or interact with, the types of files shared and what Third-Party Services are used (if any).
Log data
. As with most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page that you visited before using the Website or Services, browser type and settings, the date and time that the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, and your language preferences.
Device information
. Slack collects information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this Other Information often depends on the type of device used and its settings.
Location information
. We receive information from you, our Customers and other third parties that helps us to approximate your location. We may, for example, use a business address submitted by your employer (who is our Customer) or an IP address received from your browser or device to determine approximate location to assist with localisation or for security purposes.
Cookie information
: Slack uses a variety of cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Services to help us collect Other Information. For more details about how we use these technologies, and your opt-out controls and other options, please visit our
Cookie policy
.
Third-Party Services information
: A Customer can choose to permit or restrict Third-Party Services for its Workspace and Slack can receive personal data from such Third-Party Services. Typically, Third-Party Services are software that integrate with our Services, and a Customer can permit its Authorised Users to enable and disable these integrations for its Workspace (for more details on third-party application management, settings and permissions,
click here
). Slack may also develop and offer Slack applications that connect the Services with a Third-Party Service. Once enabled, the provider of a Third-Party Service may share certain information with Slack. For example, if a cloud storage application that you are using is enabled to permit files to be imported to a Workspace, we may receive the user name and email address of Authorised Users, along with additional information that the application makes available to Slack to facilitate the integration. Authorised Users should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third-Party Services to understand what data may be disclosed to Slack. When a Third-Party Service is enabled, Slack is authorised to connect and access Other Information made available to Slack in accordance with our agreement with the provider of the Third-Party Service and any permission(s) granted by our Customer (including by its Authorised User(s)). Examples of information which Slack may receive in this manner include whether you successfully created a new account or interacted with a third-party application in a way that is attributable to Slack usage activity. We do not, however, receive or store passwords for any of these Third-Party Services when connecting them to the Services. For more information on Slack’s interaction with Third-Party Services,
click here
.
Contact information
: In accordance with the consent process provided by your device or other third-party API, any contact information that an Authorised User chooses to import (such as importing an address book to find colleagues and Slack Connect contacts or calendar from a device or API), forward or upload to the Services (for example, when sending emails to the Services) is collected when using the Services.
Third-party data
: Slack may receive data about organisations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related to our business from parent corporation(s), affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners or others that we use to make our own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with Other Information that we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to postcodes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
Audio and video metadata
: Slack may receive, capture and store metadata derived from your use of features such as Slack huddles or clips, and additional related data such as data regarding the date and time of your Slack huddle and the Authorised User that you connected with.
Additional information provided to Slack
: We also receive Other Information when submitted to our Websites or in other ways, such as responses or opinions that you provide if you participate in a focus group, contest, activity or event, feedback that you provide about our products or services, information that you provide if you apply for a job with Slack, enrol in a certification programme or other educational programme hosted by Slack or a vendor, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with Slack.
Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Customer Data or Other Information (collectively “
Information
”). However, certain Information is collected automatically and if some Information, such as Workspace setup details, is not provided, we may be unable to provide the Services.
How we process your information and our legal bases for doing so
Customer Data will be used by Slack in accordance with a Customer’s instructions, including to provide the Services, any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement, a Customer’s use of Services functionality and as required by applicable law. Slack is a processor of Customer Data and the Customer is the controller. The Customer may, for example, use the Services to grant and remove access to a Workspace, assign roles and configure settings, access, modify, export, share and remove Customer Data, and otherwise apply its policies to the Services.
Slack uses Other Information to operate our Services, Websites and business. More specifically, Slack uses Other Information for the following purposes:
Compliance with a legal obligation:
Slack processes Other Information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others. For example, a search warrant or production order from law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as your profile picture or IP address.
We use Workspace and account information, usage information, cookie information, Third-Party Services information, contact information, third-party data, audio and video metadata, and additional information provided to Slack for compliance with a legal obligation.
Legitimate interests
:
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms (‘legitimate interests’).
We use Workspace and account information, usage information, cookie information, Third-Party Services information, contact information, third-party data, audio and video metadata, and additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:
To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
This includes the use of Other Information to support delivery of the Services under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyse and monitor usage, trends and other activities, or at an Authorised User’s request.
It is in our and your interests to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
To develop and provide search, learning and productivity tools and additional features.
Slack tries to make the Services as useful as possible for specific Workspaces and Authorised Users. For example, we may:
improve search functionality by using Other Information to help determine and rank the relevance of content, channels or expertise to an Authorised User;
make Services or Third-Party Service suggestions based on historical use and predictive models;
identify organisational trends and insights;
customise a Services experience; or
create new productivity features and products.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Customers and Authorised Users to continuously improve and develop the customer support that we provide.
To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse.
We may use a variety of tools such as device fingerprinting to prevent issues and abuse. We may process, including in an automated fashion, Other Information to better understand how Slack is used or to prevent spam or abuse.
It is in our interest to keep the Services secure and to detect, prevent and address abuse (such as spam) and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity on the Services.
To aggregate or de-identify information.
In some cases, we aggregate or de-identify information that we have associated with you and use the resulting information, for example, to improve the Services.
It is in our interest to research and improve the Services;
It is in the interests of Customers and Authorised Users to practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information.
Share information with others, including law enforcement, and to respond to legal requests.
It is in our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of Slack, violations of our terms or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves, our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Transfer, store or process your information outside the European Economic Area.
As the Websites and Services operate globally, with Customers around the world, we need to share information that we collect globally. We carry out necessary transfers outside the European Economic Area, including to Australia, Canada, Japan, India, South Korea and the United States, to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
For more information, review the ‘International data transfers’ section below.
It is in our and your interests to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
We use Workspace and account information, Third-Party Services information, third-party data and additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:
To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments and questions.
If you contact us, we may use your Other Information to respond.
It is in our, our Customers’ and Authorised Users’ interests to facilitate communication (for example to answer questions from Customers).
To send service emails and other communications.
For example, we may:
send you service, technical and other administrative emails, messages and other types of communications; or
contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services offerings and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These communications are considered part of the Services, and you may not opt out of them. It is in our Customers’ and Authorised Users’ interests to address service-related issues.
We use Workspace and account information and usage information for the following legitimate interests:
For billing, account management and other administrative matters.
Slack may need to contact you for invoicing, account management and similar reasons and we use account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
It is in our interest to facilitate the effective provision and administration of the Websites and Services.
We use Workspace and account information, usage information, cookie information, Third-Party Services information, third-party data and additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:
To send marketing emails and other communications.
We sometimes send emails about new product features, promotional communications or other news about Slack. These are marketing messages, so you can control whether you receive them. If you have additional questions about a message that you have received from Slack, please get in touch through the contact mechanisms described below.
It is in our interest to promote the Websites and Services and send our direct marketing.
How we share and disclose information
This section describes how Slack may share and disclose Information, as described in the section entitled ‘Information we collect and receive’ above. Customers determine their own policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Information to third parties. Slack does not control how a Customer or any third party chooses to share or disclose Information.
The Customer’s instructions.
Slack may share and disclose Information in accordance with a Customer’s instructions and with appropriate consent, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and the Customer’s use of Services functionality and in compliance with applicable law and legal process. Some sharing at a Customer’s request may incur additional fees.
To enable Slack to follow our Customers’ instructions, Slack provides several
administrator controls
to allow Customers to manage their Workspaces. For example, we follow our Customers’ instructions to enable or disable Authorised Users’ use of various features of the Services, such as
clips
or
Slack huddles
,
channel posting permissions
, the sharing and visibility of direct messages including files, or whether and how Authorised Users can connect with other organisations’ Workspaces through Slack Connect.
We also follow Customer and Authorised User instructions on how an Authorised User’s profile may be displayed within a
Customer’s Workspace
or when shared through
Slack Connect
or other features.
Customers may also provide their Authorised Users with the ability to adjust the audience and visibility of certain Customer Data. To learn more, visit our
Help Centre
to understand what choices and settings are available.
Displaying the Services.
When an Authorised User submits Information, it may be displayed or discoverable to other Authorised Users in the same or connected Workspaces or Slack Connect instances. For example, an Authorised User’s email address may be displayed with their Workspace profile, or other profile and organisational information may be displayed to Authorised Users. Please consult the
Help Centre
for more information on Services functionality.
Collaborating with others.
The Services provide different ways for Authorised Users working in independent Workspaces to collaborate, such as Slack Connect or email interoperability. Information, such as an Authorised User’s profile and organisational information, may be shared, subject to the policies and practices of the Workspace(s) that you use. For example, depending on the settings of your Workspace, to enable connections with other Authorised Users, your profile may be shared or searchable or discoverable by Authorised Users or other users outside of the Workspace(s) that you belong to, or shared via email when you invite an Authorised User or other user to collaborate via Slack Connect. In many instances, Slack includes either administrator controls or user controls, depending on the use case, with respect to external collaboration. Authorised Users may also decide to expand the visibility of certain content and Customer Data, such as files.
Customer access.
Owners, administrators, Authorised Users and other Customer representatives and personnel may be able to access, modify or restrict access to Information. This may include, for example, your employer using features of the Services to access or modify your profile details, or to export logs of Workspace activity. For information about your Workspace settings, please visit
https://slack.com/account/settings
.
Third-party service providers and partners.
We may engage third-party companies or individuals as service providers or business partners to process Information and support our business. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services, assist Slack with verifying Owners and Customers, or we may share business information to develop strategic partnerships with Third-Party Service providers to support our common customers. In this respect, depending on the Third-Party Service provided, Slack may share your Information. Additional information about the subprocessors that we use to support delivery of our Services is set forth in the Salesforce
Infrastructure and subprocessors documentation
.
Third-Party Services.
A Customer may enable, or permit Authorised Users to enable, Third-Party Services. We require each Third-Party Service provider to disclose all permissions for information accessible through the Services, but we do not guarantee that they do so. When Third-Party Services are enabled by a Customer or an Authorised User, Slack may share Information with Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services are not owned or controlled by Slack and third parties that have been granted access to Information may have their own policies and practices for its collection, use and sharing. Please check the permissions, privacy settings and notices for these Third-Party Services, or contact the provider if you have any questions.
Forums.
The Information that you choose to provide in a community forum, including personal data, will be publicly available.
Organisers and sponsors of events/webinars.
If you attend an event or webinar organised by Slack, we may share your profile and organisational information with the event or webinar sponsors when you register, have your badge scanned or join a breakout room. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. For more information, please refer to the terms provided when you register for such an event or webinar.
Professional advisers.
We may share your Information with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, controllers or joint controllers – including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Information containing personal data.
Corporate affiliates.
Slack may share Information with our corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
During a change to Slack’s business.
If Slack engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganisation, sale of some or all of Slack’s assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities, some or all of the Information described in the ‘Information we collect and receive’ section may be shared or transferred, subject to standard confidentiality arrangements.
Aggregated or deidentified Data.
We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified Information for any purpose. For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified Information with prospects or partners for business or research.
Law enforcement and regulators.
If we receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe that disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process. Please review the
Data request policy
,
Data request overview
and
Transparency report
to understand how Slack responds to requests to disclose data from government agencies, law enforcement entities and other sources. This may at times include information that Slack Technologies, LLC processes on behalf of Slack Technologies Limited in its role as a subprocessor, including as pursuant to the terms of any data protection agreement between Slack and its Customers.
To enforce our rights, prevent fraud and for safety.
To protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Slack, its users or third parties, including enforcing its contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing illegal activity, fraud or security issues, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
With consent.
Slack may share Information with third parties when we have consent to do so or as otherwise permitted in this Privacy Policy. For Workspaces registered to corporate entities, Slack may share Information with consent of the Workspace primary owner or authorised corporate officer, or their designee. For workplaces created without a formal affiliation, Slack may require user consent.
Data retention
Slack will retain Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions (including to perform any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and through the Customer’s use of Services functionality) and as required by applicable law. The Customer may customise its retention settings and, depending on the Services subscription, apply those customised settings at the Workspace level, channel level or other level. The Customer may also apply different settings to messages, files or other types of Customer Data. The deletion of Customer Data and other use of the Services by the Customer may result in the deletion and/or de-identification of certain associated Other Information. For more detail, please review the
Help Centre
or contact the Customer.
Slack may retain Other Information pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (such as to provide the Services, including any optional features that you use, and to provide customer support). This may include keeping your Other Information after you have deactivated your account for the period of time needed for Slack to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Security
Slack takes security of data very seriously. Slack works hard to protect Information that you provide from loss, misuse and unauthorised access or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the Information that we collect, process and store, and the current state of technology. Slack has received internationally recognised security certifications. To learn more about current practices and policies regarding security and confidentiality of the Services, please visit our
Security practices
. Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, Slack cannot guarantee that Information during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others. When you click a link to a third-party site, you will be leaving our site, and we don’t control or endorse what is on third-party sites.
Age limitations
Slack does not allow use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger than 16 years old, to the extent prohibited by applicable law. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Slack may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our services or business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, Slack will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should deactivate your Services account. Contact the Customer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their control.
International data transfers
Slack may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live, including transfers to the United States. To the extent that Personal Data is transferred abroad, Slack will ensure compliance with the requirements of the applicable laws in the respective jurisdiction in line with Slack’s obligations.
In particular, we offer the following safeguards if Slack transfers Personal Data from jurisdictions with differing data protection laws:
European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses.
Slack uses Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (and the equivalent standard contractual clauses for the UK, where appropriate) for transfers to, among others, Australia, Canada, India, Japan, South Korea and the United States. Slack will transfer your Personal Data to facilitate the provision of the Services. A copy of our standard data processing addendum, incorporating the Standard Contractual Clauses, is
available here
, and a copy of the executed version of the Standard Contractual Clauses may be obtained by contacting us as described in the ‘Contacting Slack’ section below.
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Cross-Border Privacy Rules System and Privacy Recognition For Processors.
Slack’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (‘APEC’) Cross Border Privacy Rules (‘CBPR’) system and the Privacy Recognition for Processors (‘PRP’). The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organisations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies, and the PRP demonstrates an organisation’s ability to provide effective implementation of a personal data controller’s privacy obligations related to the processing of personal information. More information about the APEC framework can be
found here
. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern related to our
APEC, CBPR or PRP certifications
that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may
contact
our third-party dispute resolution provider.
Data Protection Officer
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email
dpo@slack.com
.
Identifying the Data Controller and Processor
Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the ‘controller’ and ‘processor’ of information. In general, the Customer is the controller of Customer Data. In general, Slack is the processor of Customer Data and the controller of Other Information. Different Slack entities provide the Services in different parts of the world.
Slack Technologies Limited
, an Irish company based in Dublin, Ireland, is the controller of Other Information and a processor of Customer Data relating to Authorised Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside of the US and Canada.
Slack Technologies
, LLC, a US company based in San Francisco, California, is the controller of Other Information and a processor of Customer Data relating to Authorised Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada.
Your rights
Individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Brazil and across the globe have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to your personal information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this information. You can do this using the settings and tools provided in your Services account. If you cannot use the settings and tools, contact the Customer who controls your workspace for additional access and assistance. Please check
https://slack.com/account/settings
for Customer contact information.
To the extent that Slack’s processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation or other applicable laws requiring a legal basis for processing Personal Data, such as the UK Data Protection Act and the Brazilian General Data Protection Act (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados), Slack primarily relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your Personal Data. Where we rely on legitimate interests to process your Personal Data, you can object to that processing by contacting us as described in the ‘Contacting Slack’ section below. In response to your objection, we will stop processing your information for the relevant purposes unless we have compelling grounds in the circumstances or the processing is necessary in the context of legal claims. Slack may also process Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, and you have a right to object to Slack’s use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time.
Your California privacy rights
This section provides additional details about the personal information that we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act or ‘CCPA’, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act or ‘CPRA’.
California law requires that we detail the categories of personal information that we collect and disclose for certain ‘business purposes’, such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in earlier sections of this Privacy Policy. In addition to the information provided above in the ‘Information we collect and receive’ section, we collect the following categories of personal information from you, your employer, data analytics providers, data brokers and Third-Party Services for our business purposes:
Identifiers/contact information;
Commercial information;
Internet or electronic network activity information;
Financial information;
Geolocation information;
Professional or employment-related information;
Audio and visual data;
In limited circumstances where allowed by law, information that may be protected under California or United States law; and
Inferences drawn from any of the above categories.
We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the ‘
How we process your information and our legal bases for doing so
’ section above. We share this information as described in the ‘
How we share and disclose information
’ section above. Slack does not sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA or otherwise) the personal information that we collect (and will not sell it without providing a right to opt out). We may also share personal information (in the form of identifiers and Internet activity information) with third-party advertisers for the purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Slack websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect personal information from our sites or services if those third parties are authorised service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use and disclosure of such personal information, or if you use our sites or services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your personal information to third parties.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information that we collect (including how we use, disclose or may sell this information), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any ‘sales’, to know and opt out of sharing of personal information for delivering advertisements on non-Slack websites, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us at
privacy@slack.com
or by filling in
this form
. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including the email address. Government identification may be required. Consumers can also designate an authorised agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. Authorised agents must submit proof of authorisation.
If you would like to opt out of sharing activity based on your cookie identifiers, turn on a Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa
for more information on valid Global Privacy Controls.  If you would like to opt out of sharing activity based on other identifiers (such as email address or phone number), contact us in accordance with the ‘Contacting Slack’ section below.
For more information on Slack’s role and obligations under the CCPA, please visit Slack’s
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) FAQ
.
Data Protection Authority
Subject to applicable law, you also have the right to (i) restrict Slack’s use of Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following
website
. If you are a resident of the United Kingdom you may contact the UK supervisory authority, the
Information Commissioner’s Office
.
Contacting Slack
Please also feel free to contact Slack if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Slack’s practices or if you are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights. Slack will respond within a reasonable timeframe. You can contact us at
privacy@slack.com
or at our postal address below:
For Customers and Authorised Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada:
Slack Technologies, LLC
50 Fremont Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
United States
or
For Customers and Authorised Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside the US and Canada:
Slack Technologies Limited
Salesforce Tower
60 R801, North Dock
Dublin
Ireland
Esc
We use cookies to make your interactions with our website more meaningful. They help us better understand how our websites are used, so we can tailor content for you. For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Cookie Consent Manager
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose to opt out of functional and advertising cookies. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
Manage Cookie Preferences
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 10
https://weglot.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
As an innovative player in the digital economy, we are particularly concerned about the protection of our users’ personal data.
You will find below WEGLOT’s Privacy Policy, which explains our practices and commitments with respect to the processing of your personal data, in particular in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
By browsing the Weglot website and using its services, you agree to this privacy policy. Aware of the importance of clear and transparent information in this regard, we have integrated various tables and visuals to help you better understand and exercise your rights.
This policy was last updated on 2023/10/01.
Who is responsible for the processing of your data?
WEGLOT is a simplified joint-stock company whose head office is located at 7 cité Paradis in Paris (75010). Among other things, it manages the website weglot.com, which offers translation services.
Within the framework of the activities of this company, we are likely to collect and process personal data relating to our customers, users, prospects, suppliers/providers as well as our other interlocutors.
These various data processing operations are detailed in this Privacy Policy.
WEGLOT is responsible for these various data processing operations within the meaning of the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
.
This means that we are your point of contact for any questions or concerns regarding the collection and use of this data. You can do this by writing to us at the address privacy@weglot.com
Important
: We are not responsible for data processing consisting in the translation and posting of content provided by our clients for translation via our services; if you consider that this content violates your privacy or the protection of your personal data, we invite you to contact the publisher of this content directly.
What data is collected about you, and for what purpose?
For the sake of clarity, we have detailed the various data processing operations that we implement according to the relationship that binds us to the persons concerned by these operations:
You are a client or user of our services (or the representative of one of our clients)
You are a candidate for a position at WEGLOT
You are one of our suppliers or providers (or the representative of one of our suppliers or providers)
You are a potential client of our services (prospecting and advertising)
You are one of our business contributors (affiliation contract)
You are involved in a dispute (actual or potential) with WEGLOT
You are in contact with WEGLOT for a reason other than the above.
‍
1. You are a client or user of our services (or the representative of one of our clients)
a. Login to weglot.com
When you connect to the weglot.com site, a certain amount of data is automatically collected by the site host concerning your terminal (computer, smartphone, tablet) and your browser. This includes your IP address.
This data is collected in order to ensure the connection between your terminal and the site’s servers, as well as later to detect bugs and cyber-attack attempts.
The collection and processing of this data is thus justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in providing a site that is functional, secure and adapted to the different types of terminals and browsers available on the market, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
b. Cookies for audience measurement
The weglot.com website uses audience measurement cookies (Google Analytics cookies). These cookies collect data relating to your navigation, such as the pages visited, the contents consulted or the duration of navigation.
This data is aggregated and used to understand the preferences of our users in order to improve the presentation and content of the site. This use is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in improving its site and its content, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
c. Cookies allowing the correction of bugs encountered on the platform
The weglot.com site also uses, with your authorisation (which is requested when you register for the service) cookies allowing the reproduction and correction of bugs encountered on the dashboard. These cookies are only used on the dashboard.weglot.com sub-domain.
These cookies collect data relating to your navigation, allowing to visually reproduce the moment of your navigation when the bug occurred. This data may also be used to analyse the browsing preferences of our users and evolve the site on that basis.
This data is thus used for the purpose of reproducing, analysing and correcting bugs encountered by users on the site. Their collection and use are justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in improving its site, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
Change my cookie preferences
d. Customer management
In order to ensure the proper follow-up of our customer relationship, and to manage the various aspects of this relationship (including billing), we collect a certain amount of information about our contacts (customers or customer representatives), such as their full name, e-mail address, business mailing address and telephone number. We also keep a copy of written exchanges with these interlocutors.
All such data is retained for the duration of the customer relationship and thereafter for the applicable limitation period for the purposes of dispute management as described under point 6 below.
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in ensuring the management of its customer relations, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
e. Sales and technical support
When you ask us to resolve a business or technical issue, we collect certain information related to the Support Ticket, such as the full name and email address of the ticket issuer, the date and time of the ticket, and the circumstances of the reported issue.
This data is retained until the problem is resolved, and then for the applicable limitation period for the purposes of dispute management described in point 6 below.
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in offering technical and commercial support to its clients, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
f. Accounting management
Information relating to our clients and our clients’ representatives may appear in various documents (invoices, etc.) that we keep for accounting management purposes.
The conservation of these documents, and consequently, the data they include, is ensured by WEGLOT for 10 years from the end of the fiscal year in question, in accordance with our legal obligations in this matter.
This data processing is thus justified by legal obligations incumbent on WEGLOT, in accordance with article 6.1.c) of the GDPR.
g. Improving our products and services
We use data related to the use of our translation services to evolve these products and services to make them more effective for our customers.
The data processed for this purpose includes user navigation data on our services, as well as content provided by our customers to be translated via our services.
We keep this data only for the time necessary for the analysis that allows us to identify ways to improve our services.
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in developing and improving its products and services, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
h. Updates on Weglot Sub-Processors
We collect your email address to inform you of any change on Weglot’s Sub-Processors list, which you can access here
https://trust.weglot.com/
.
This data is retained for the duration of the customer relationship.
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s compliance with a legal obligation to inform the customer on any change regarding the sub-processors list, in accordance with article 6.1.c) of the GDPR.
i. Tracking Adwords Campaign Conversions
We use Google's conversion tracking service for our Adwords campaigns, which allows us to determine the percentage of our customers who discovered us through the Adwords service.
The data collected includes your email, which is sent to Google in a hashed form. In other words, we do not send any personally identifiable data to Google as part of this process.
However, since this processing may be justified for marketing purposes and in accordance with the CNIL's guidelines on hashing techniques, this data processing is subject to your consent as governed by GDPR 6.1.a).
2. You are a candidate for a position at WEGLOT
If you apply for a position at WEGLOT, and send us information about yourself (resume, cover letter, letter of recommendation, etc.), we will use this information for the time necessary to process your application.
This data processing is justified by its necessity for pre-contractual measures implemented at your request, in accordance with article 6.1.b) of the GDPR.
We are also likely, in case of refusal of your application, to keep the related information (application file) for 2 years, in order to contact you again (if we consider it relevant) to offer you other positions.
This retention of your data is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in ensuring its long-term recruitment, in accordance with Article 6.1.f) of the GDPR. In accordance with the recommendations of the CNIL in this matter, we will give you the possibility to refuse this long-term retention in case of rejection of your application.
3. You are one of our suppliers or providers (or the representative of one of our suppliers or providers)
a. Business Relationship Management
In order to manage our relationships with our suppliers and service providers, it is necessary for us to collect a certain amount of information relating to our contacts at these suppliers and service providers. This data consists mainly of the surname, first name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number of the said interlocutors; we also keep a record of our written exchanges with the latter.
All such data shall be retained for the duration of our business relationship with the respective supplier/service provider and thereafter for the applicable limitation period for the purposes of dispute management as described under point 6 below.
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in ensuring the proper management of its commercial relations with its suppliers and service providers, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
b. Accounting management
In addition, information relating to our suppliers/providers and the representatives of our suppliers/providers may appear in various documents (invoices, etc.) that we keep for accounting purposes.
The conservation of these documents, and consequently, the data they include, is ensured by WEGLOT for 10 years from the end of the fiscal year in question, in accordance with our legal obligations in this matter.
This data processing is thus justified by legal obligations incumbent on WEGLOT, in accordance with article 6.1.c) of the GDPR.
4. You are a potential customer of our services (prospecting and advertising)
a. Newsletter
To subscribe to our newsletter, we need to collect your email address. This will be used for the sole purpose of sending you the newsletter for the duration of your subscription.
This processing of your e-mail address is based on your consent (article 6.1.a) of the GDPR), expressed through your subscription to the newsletter; you may withdraw this consent at any time.
We will also stop sending you the newsletter if you stop opening this newsletter for 3 consecutive years.
b. Campaign adwords
We set up adwords advertising campaigns on different search engines to promote our products and services.
These campaigns involve the collection and processing of certain navigation data by the publishers of the search engines in question, including your user agent and the terms of the query you have formulated in the search engine.
This data is used to display the WEGLOT advertising links corresponding to your request, and to edit adwords campaign performance statistics, which is the only information we access.
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in promoting its products and services, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
c. Targeted advertising and retargeting
In addition, we use targeted advertising and retargeting services provided by advertising agencies on various sites and social networks (such as Facebook Ads or LinkedIn Ads) to promote our products and services.
These targeted advertising and retargeting services involve the processing of personal data about you, such as navigational data to establish your “profile” and to present you with advertisements adapted to this profile, as well as information about your behaviour with respect to these advertisements (views, clicks, etc.).
WEGLOT never accesses this profile data, but only the advertising campaign reports established by the advertising agencies concerned and containing aggregated information (total number of views, total number of clicks, etc.).
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in promoting its products and services, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
d. Prospecting by email (B2B)
We may collect business email addresses accessible on the web through various tools and databases, for the purpose of promoting our B2B services through the sending of emails.
The collection of these professional email addresses and their use in the context of B2B email prospecting is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in promoting its services to a professional public, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
We will stop using your address for this purpose if you object, and in any case if we remain without contact from you for 3 consecutive years.
e. Affiliate Program
We have set up an affiliate program, through which publishers of sites and applications can commit to advertise our services on their sites and applications.
The operation of this program implies that we are able to identify new customers who come to us through these business links.
To do this, we use an affiliate cookie, which is placed on your device when you click on an advertisement for WEGLOT services on a partner site or application. This cookie is kept on your terminal for 60 days to allow us to identify you if you subscribe to our services during this 60-day period. The data collected via the affiliate cookie is also deleted after 60 days.
We have a binding agreement in place with our various business contributors to the affiliate program to ensure that the affiliate cookie is not deposited without your prior consent.
Important
: With regard to this processing of your data in connection with the affiliate system, WEGLOT shares responsibility with the business contributor on whose site or application the advertisement on which you clicked is located. Nevertheless, in order to facilitate the exercising of your rights, WEGLOT is designated as your contact for any questions or requests relating to this processing, which you may address to us as explained in the section below entitled “What rights do you have to control the processing of your data? ».
5. You are one of our business contributors (affiliation contract)
If you join the affiliate program presented on weglot.com, we will collect a certain amount of data about you, such as your first name, last name and email address. We will also keep a copy of our written exchanges.
This data will be used for the conclusion of the affiliation contract with you, and the follow-up of its execution. They will be retained for the duration of our business relationship and thereafter for the applicable statute of limitations as described in Section 6 below.
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in promoting its services and managing its affiliation program, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
6. You are involved in a dispute (actual or potential) with WEGLOT
We may retain any data that we deem necessary or useful to prevent a dispute and to manage any litigation or pre-litigation.
We will use it, as appropriate, to prevent, initiate or respond to any such dispute, whether or not you are a party to that dispute (for example, a commercial dispute relating to the use of our services).
This conservation is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in protecting and defending its rights and interests, including in court, in accordance with Article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
In this way, we will retain all data relevant to evidence for the duration of the legally applicable statute of limitations, i.e. in principle 5 years (civil statute of limitations under ordinary law).
7. You are in contact with WEGLOT for a reason other than the above.
We are likely to exchange with you for various reasons that do not fall within the scope of the above categories, for example in the context of financial transactions, institutional exchanges or grant applications.
In these cases, we collect identifying data such as your first name, last name, e-mail address, postal address and/or telephone number, and we keep a copy of our written exchanges.
This data is collected and stored for the purposes of monitoring our relationship, until the end of it, and then for the legally applicable prescription period for the evidentiary purposes described in point 6 above.
This data processing is justified by WEGLOT’s legitimate interest in ensuring the follow-up of its business relations and institutional contacts, in accordance with article 6.1.f) of the GDPR.
Collected data
Purpose (intended or possible use of the data)
Rationale for the purpose in terms of the GDPR
Maximum retention time of data in a form that allows you to be identified
Treatments related to our customers and users
Information relating to your Internet browser and your terminal (http
request)
Allow your connection to the weglot.com site; detect bugs and cyber
attack attempts
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Legally applicable limitation period (in principle 5 years) (storage as evidence for possible litigation)
Data relating to your navigation (collected via Google Analytics cookies)
Understanding your preferences in order to improve the site and its content
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Anonymisation of data within a short period of time following their collection
Data relating to bugs encountered
Reproduce, analyse and correct the bugs encountered in the course of your navigation
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
1 year following data collection
Identification data and written exchanges
Customer management
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Duration of the business relationship and then the legally applicable statute of limitations (in principle 5 years) (storage as evidence for possible litigation)
Identification data
Customer relationship management (creation of personal space and follow-up of subscriptions)
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Duration of the business relationship and then the legally applicable statute of limitations (in principle 5 years) (storage as evidence for possible litigation)
Data related to the support ticket
Sales and technical support
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Resolution of the ticket and then the legally applicable statute of limitations (in principle 5 years) (storage as evidence in case of a possible dispute)
Data appearing in accounting vouchers
Accounting management
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
10 years from the end of the financial year in question
Improving our products and services
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Customer’s email address
Providing update on Weglot Sub-Processors list
Legal obligation of WEGLOT (article 6.1.c) GDPR)
Duration of the business relationship
Customer’s email address
Conversion tracking for Adwords marketing campaigns
Your consent (article 6.1.a) GDPR)
120 days from conversion on the website
Salaries relating to candidates for a position at WEGLOT
All data included in your application (CV, cover letter, letter of recommendation, etc.)
Processing your application
Pre-contractual measures at your request (Article 6.1(b) GDPR)
Time needed to process your application
All data included in your application (CV, cover letter, letter of recommendation, etc.)
Keeping your application on file for possible future job offers
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
2 years after rejection of your initial application
Treatments relating to our suppliers and service providers
Identification data and written exchanges
Business Relationship Management
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Duration of the business relationship and then the legally applicable statute of limitations (in principle 5 years) (storage as evidence for possible litigation)
Data appearing in accounting vouchers
Accounting management
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
10 years from the end of the financial year in question
Treatments relating to commercial prospecting
Your email address used to subscribe to the newsletter
Newsletter
Your consent (Article 6.1.a) GDPR)
Until you object or at the latest 3 years after the last contact received from you
Navigation data and search engine queries
Adwords campaigns
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Anonymisation at short notice
Profile data collected and created by the agencies providing targeted advertising and retargeting services
Targeted advertising and retargeting campaigns
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Anonymisation at short notice
Your professional e-mail address (collected from web sources)
Direct canvassing by email (B2B)
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Until you object or at the latest 3 years after the last contact received from you
Data collected by means of the affiliation cookie deposited via WEGLOT’s partner sites and applications
Affiliate Program
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
60 days from the deposit of the cookie
Treatments relating to our business contributors (affiliate programme)
Identification data and written exchanges
Business Relationship Management
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Duration of the business relationship and then the legally applicable statute of limitations (in principle 5 years) (storage as evidence for possible litigation)
Treatment relating to the management of disputes, litigation and pre-litigation
All data appearing relevant for the management of a dispute, litigation or pre-litigation
Litigation, litigation and pre-litigation management
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Legally applicable limitation period (in principle 5 years)
Other processes
Identification data and written exchanges with our institutional contacts, investors, etc.
Management of business relations and institutional contacts
Legitimate interest of WEGLOT (article 6.1.f) GDPR)
Duration of the relationship and then the legally applicable statute of limitations (in principle 5 years) (storage as evidence for possible litigation)
Who has access to your data? With whom are they shared?
Your data is hosted by a secure professional service provider on servers located in the European Union. WEGLOT’s teams and employees are likely to have access to it within the framework and limits of their functions.
Some of your data may also be accessed or at least hosted by the following people and organisations:
The technical service providers assisting WEGLOT for the maintenance and development of the weglot.com website and its translation services;
The service providers publish audience measurement cookies and cookies to correct bugs;
WEGLOT’s legal advisers, accountancy firms and lawyers;
Payment service providers and banks used by WEGLOT;
Website publishers and advertising agencies for the purposes of targeted advertising, retargeting and marketing conversion tracking.
These service providers are all located in the European Union or the United States. Those located in the United States have formally adhered to the principles of the Data Privacy Framework and are included in the Data Privacy Framework List (available
here
), a mechanism to ensure that the transfer of your data to that country is compliant with the GDPR.
If, by way of exception, a person, entity or organisation accesses personal data concerning you in the context of the processing operations covered by this Policy from a country other than the Member States of the European Union (and apart from the specific case of the above mentioned Data Privacy Framework, governed by the European Commission's adequacy decision of July 10, 2023), this transfer of your data will be governed by an appropriate mechanism such as contractual clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission or a European supervisory authority.
What rights do you have to control the processing of your own data?
You have, in the same way as any other person whose personal data we collect and process, a number of rights provided for in the regulations.
You will find the details below. A summary table is also provided below.
You can exercise these rights simply by writing directly to the following e-mail address: privacy@weglot.com. Remember to indicate in your email the nature of the right you wish to exercise and the reasons that justify, if necessary, your request to exercise this right.
1. Right of access
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you, in an easily understandable format, as well as a copy of this policy on a durable medium.
2. Right of rectification
You have the right to ask us to correct, complete or update the data we have in our possession about you, in the event that they appear to you to be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.
In this case, we would be grateful if you would spontaneously communicate to us, as far as possible, the new information necessary to carry out the requested correction, completion or update.
3. Right to withdraw consent
In the case of processing based on your consent (newsletter registration), you can withdraw this consent at any time without justification. Withdrawal of your consent will result in the cessation of the treatment of your data going forward (cessation of the sending of newsletters).
4. Right of opposition
With regard to the data processing listed above, which is justified by the legitimate interests of WEGLOT, you have the right to oppose it for reasons relating to your particular situation.
In other words, you can ask WEGLOT to stop any of these processes relating to you, stating the specific reasons that justify this request from your point of view.
However, WEGLOT may refuse to comply with your request if further processing is necessary for compelling reasons from our point of view (e.g. if the data concerned is necessary for the protection and defence of WEGLOT’s rights in court).
Opposition (if it is based on valid reasons and no compelling reasons oppose it) will lead to the cessation of processing for the future, but not necessarily to the destruction of the data concerned: in order to obtain this destruction, you must exercise your right of deletion under the conditions described below, it being specified that the latter is subject to limitations relating, for example, once again, to the need to keep the data for the protection and defence of WEGLOT’s interests in court.
5. Right to erasure
You can ask us to delete all or part of the data we hold about you, provided that at least one of the following conditions is met:
You have withdrawn your consent in accordance with point 3 above, and this data is not processed for any other purpose than that for which you withdrew your consent;
You have objected to the continuation of this processing in accordance with point 4 above, and furthermore wish WEGLOT to proceed with the destruction of the data concerned.
The data concerned no longer appear to be necessary for any of the purposes set out above.
You consider that WEGLOT has collected and/or processed the data concerned in a manner contrary to the law.
The deletion of the data concerned is imposed as a legal obligation.
The data concerned relates to a person who was under fifteen (15) years of age at the time of collection of the data.
Please be aware, however, that WEGLOT is entitled to object to the deletion of certain data when their retention is necessary for particularly important reasons, such as the protection and defence of its interests in court.
You should also be aware that, instead of deleting your data, we may choose to completely and irreversibly anonymise it. In this way, we will be entitled to store this data in a format that no longer allows you to be identified (e.g. for statistical purposes).
6. Right to limitation of processing
If, for example, you do not exercise your right of deletion, you can also ask WEGLOT to “set aside” certain data concerning you, i.e. to keep these data separately, without using them any more (except for legal obligations).
You may make such an application if at least one of the following conditions is met:
The data concerned appear to you to be inaccurate, and you would prefer that WEGLOT stop using them for the time it takes to check and rectify them if necessary.
You have exercised your right of opposition in accordance with point 4 above, and you prefer that WEGLOT stops using the data concerned while the validity of your opposition is being verified.
You consider that WEGLOT has collected and/or processed the data concerned in a manner contrary to the law, but nevertheless prefer that we retain the data rather than delete it.
The data concerned is no longer necessary for any of the purposes set out above, but you wish WEGLOT to keep it nevertheless for the purposes of defending your interests in court.
In such cases, we will “quarantine” the data for the necessary period of time, e.g. by means of a marking “Do not use – Right to limitation”.
7. Right to data portability
You can ask us to send you a copy of the data collected on the basis of your consent, allowing it to be re-used by you or another service provider.
This “right of portability” differs from the right of access in that its purpose is not to obtain a copy that is necessarily readable by you, but rather a reusable copy of the data, in particular with a view to a change of service provider.
8. Right to set guidelines on the fate of your data after your death
Finally, you have the right to tell us how you would like us to handle your data in the unfortunate event of your death.
In particular, you can ask us to destroy all of your data (subject to any compelling conservation needs we may have, for example to defend WEGLOT’s rights in court), or to transmit a copy of all such data to a person of your choice.
You may also designate any person of your choice to be responsible for the execution of these “last wishes”; this person does not necessarily have to be one of your heirs or even the executor in charge of your estate.
Your rights
What they allow you to obtain
Treatments / data concerned
Conditions, exceptions or limitations identified
Right of access
A legible and comprehensible copy of the data WEGLOT has about you, as well as a copy of this Policy on a durable medium.
All
None
Right of rectification
The rectification, updating or completion of data concerning you
All
Clearly indicate the data to be corrected, supplemented or updated, as well as the new data where appropriate.
Right to withdraw consent
Cessation of processing for the future (cessation of sending newsletters)
Treatments based on your consent (newsletter registration)
None
Right of opposition
Discontinuing the processing of your data for the future
Treatments based on a legitimate interest of WEGLOT
Explain the reasons relating to your particular situation which justify the cessation of the processing operation.
Right to erasure
The deletion of your data, or their complete and irreversible anonymisation
All
See the relevant assumptions in the text above
Right to limitation of processing
Retention of your data without further use
All
See the relevant assumptions in the text above
Right to data portability
A copy of your data in a common computer format, allowing you or a service provider of your choice to reuse it.
Data collected on the basis of your consent
Clearly indicate, if applicable, the identity of the person or organisation to whom you would like WEGLOT to send the copy of the data.
Right to set guidelines on the fate of your data after your death
The respect of your “last wishes” with regard to your personal data (for example: their deletion or their transmission to any person of your choice).
All
Clearly indicate the persons responsible for following up on the proper execution of your instructions, who will be our contacts after your death.
Do you consider that we have not responded satisfactorily to your request, or that we are processing your data unlawfully?
Of course, we invite you first of all to get in touch with WEGLOT, so that we can discuss the problem together and try to solve it together in the best possible way. If you wish, however, you have the right to refer the matter to the competent authority for data protection in France, namely the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL), via its website cnil.fr or by post at the following address: CNIL – 3, place de Fontenoy – TSA 80715 – 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07.This right may be exercised at any time and at no cost to you, apart from the cost of sending postal mail if necessary, and any costs of assistance or representation if you choose to be assisted in this procedure by a third party.
In this article, we're going to look into:
Who is responsible for the processing of your data?
What data is collected about you, and for what purpose?
Who has access to your data? With whom are they shared?
What rights do you have to control the processing of your own data?
Have questions?
Please feel free to contact us at support@weglot.comWe would love to hear from you.
Contact us
Summary :
Who is responsible for the processing of your data?
What data is collected about you, and for what purpose?
Who has access to your data? With whom are they shared?
What rights do you have to control the processing of your own data?
Text Link
Text Link
Try for free
Cookies
When you visit our website, cookies are placed on your computer, mobile phone or tablet. Their purpose is to facilitate browsing, detect potential problems and distribute custom commercial offers. You can customise your consent for each cookie.
To modify your preferences afterwards, click on the 'Cookie Preferences' link located in the page footer.
Read our privacy policy
Consents certified by
No, thanks
I want to choose
OK!
Axeptio consent
Consent Management Platform: Personalize Your Options
Our platform empowers you to tailor and manage your privacy settings, ensuring compliance  with regulations. Customize your preferences to control how your information is handled.
Sub-policy 11
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 12
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語