AdGuard VPN
Privacy policy
AdGuard VPN Privacy Policy
December 23, 2024
Summary
We do not share or sell your personal information. We are strongly committed to protecting user privacy and being as transparent as possible.
We don’t collect logs on VPN servers and don’t know what websites you visit.
We collect only the information necessary for our products and services to function properly.
You are not required to share your personal data with us. You can delete your information by deleting your AdGuard account at my.adguard-vpn.com or by sending us a request at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
Who we are
ADGUARD SOFTWARE LIMITED (“We”, “Our” or “Us”) collects and processes your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in compliance with the applicable data protection laws. This Policy provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations and explains how, why and when we process your personal data. Our general principle is to collect only the information that is necessary to provide you with full functionality of our products and services. We strictly follow the principle of “minimization” when processing your data.
ADGUARD SOFTWARE LIMITED is a company registered in Limassol, Cyprus, registered office is at Anexartisias and Athinon 79, Nora Court Flat/Office 203-205, 3040 Limassol, Cyprus. ADGUARD SOFTWARE LIMITED acts as the data controller when processing your data.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you want to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
Please read this Privacy Policy thoroughly.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use our software and services, do not visit our website, and do not provide your information to us.
What data we process
We process different data depending on the situation. You can learn details about what data we process in this section.
Some data that we receive and process may be treated as personal data (“Personal Data”) in accordance with the laws of certain territories and countries. When we use terms “personal data” or “personal information”, we mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, excluding any anonymized and depersonalized data where your identity is absent or has been removed and cannot be recovered.
When you are using our website
When you visit our website
adguard-vpn.com
and its subdomains
. For more information about what data is collected, how it is collected, and how you can manage it, please see the
Privacy Policy of AdGuard Websites
.
Account registration
. We process your email address and a hash of the password which you provide to us at the registration. That ensures that you can retrieve your password if needed.
Sending messages
. We can use your email address to make announcements, inform you of updates and new features in our software or services, provide you with advice, or to communicate with you when reporting errors.
You can also provide us with your consent to process your email for sending marketing messages about our other software or services. You can withdraw your consent any time by unsubscribing from our newsletters via AdGuard Account or by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button or link in the newsletter itself.
Cookies
. We use our cookies to personalize the content of AdGuard VPN website, such as setting the default language. None of the information we may acquire through the use of cookies is considered Personal Data as it does not allow us to identify you. You can always disable cookies in your web browsing software or clear existing cookies, but please note that some of our services may not function properly without the use of cookies. Please refer to the
Privacy Policy of AdGuard Websites
.
Buying a subscription
. We process your email address for billing and payment purposes. If you purchase a subscription to AdGuard VPN, we’ll need to know your contact details to send you information about the purchase.
We’ll also use your email address to create an account for you. This account will allow you to manage your purchased subscription.
We conduct all transactions via
Paddle.com Market Ltd
and
PayPro Global, Inc.
to enable payments if you purchase a subscription to use our software and services.
The data processed depends on the payment provider and may include the following:
Email address
Country of residence
Zip or postal code
(If you use a bank card to make a purchase) Number, name, expiration date, and the security code associated with the bank card
For the exact data that the payment provider collects about you, please see the corresponding privacy policy:
Paddle’s Privacy Policy
,
PayPro Global’s Privacy Policy
.
When you are using our software
Sign-in / Account registration
. When signing in to connect the installed app to your account or registering a new account, you need to provide your email address and create a password to initially create a VPN connection. We process this essential data to provide you with the AdGuard VPN service.
Using our software
. When you choose to use our app, you will provide us your data, including Personal Data. This information, which we must process to ensure the full functionality of AdGuard VPN services, depends on the operating system for which the software is designed. For details, please refer to the corresponding privacy notices.
For AdGuard VPN for Windows:
adguard-vpn.com/privacy/windows.html
For AdGuard VPN for Android:
adguard-vpn.com/privacy/android.html
For AdGuard VPN for Mac:
adguard-vpn.com/privacy/mac.html
For AdGuard VPN for iOS:
adguard-vpn.com/privacy/ios.html
For AdGuard VPN Browser Extension:
adguard-vpn.com/privacy/extension.html
Usage information
. When you use our VPN service, we need to make sure that you stay within the agreed-upon limits. Therefore, we collect data on your traffic usage. This is done for two reasons: to prevent misuse of our service and to know when a user’s subscription has expired. When the subscription expires or is canceled, the free limit is reactivated and without knowing your previous data usage we cannot properly enforce the rules that limit using the free version.
We store only the number of bytes used by the account, it is not associated with locations. Traffic usage data is stored for 90 days.
Additionally, we collect information on the number of instances of our software that have an active VPN connection for both the free and paid versions. We receive this information from our VPN servers through which you establish a VPN connection. This is also done for the same reason — to make sure the user stays within the agreed-upon limits.
Diagnostic / Device information
. However, if you experience problems using our software and you give us your consent, we will collect and process some diagnostic information for crash reports and some information about the device used to run our software in order to help you. The exact information we collect and process depends on the AdGuard VPN software you are using. For details, please refer to the corresponding privacy notices.
User experience metrics
. To analyze and improve the current functionality, we collect user experience metrics pertaining to interactions with various screens. The collected information includes the following:
Screen name: the name of the screens the user interacts with
Buttons clicked: actions taken by clicking specific buttons
Synthetic identifier: a unique identifier used to link multiple events within the same session. All collected data is anonymized and
cannot be associated with your AdGuard account
under any circumstances.
By default this data is not collected
. We only gather user experience metrics if you explicitly agree to send them. If you initially agree to share metrics but change your mind later, you may revoke your consent at any time by disabling data collection in the settings of AdGuard VPN apps and extensions.
What legal bases we use to process your Personal Data
We use different legal bases to process Personal Data depending on the type of data, the purposes, and circumstances of processing.
Consent
. We process your Personal Data if you have provided us with your consent to use your personal data for certain purposes. For example, to send you marketing messages or to help you troubleshoot problems with using our software. You can withdraw your consent any time without affecting your use of our software.
Performance of a contract
. We process your Personal Data when it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, including providing the functionality of our software and services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
Legal obligations
. We process your Personal Data where it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to exercise or defend our legal rights, or for taxation purposes.
Legitimate interest
. We process your Personal Data when we pursue our legitimate interests, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects.
Where we process your Personal Data
We store your Personal Data in our own data center located in Frankfurt. Your Personal Data may be processed by our employees, who can only access your data through their job duties on a need-to-know basis. If you have questions or would like to know from which countries your Personal Data may be accessed, you can write to us at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
For data transfers to other countries, we always implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your Personal Data always remains safe and that your rights are respected:
The country or the third party is recognized as providing adequate protection.
A valid transfer mechanism is used, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses, and supplementary measures are implemented where necessary.
The transfer has your explicit consent.
The transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps requested by you prior to entering into that contract.
If you would like a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses used, please contact us at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
To determine if a non-EU country has an adequate level of data protection, please visit
the European Commission website
.
How we use your Personal Data
Retaining your data
We retain Personal Data for as long as necessary to provide you with our products and services, or until you withdraw your consent to share this information.
Your rights
In some countries and regions, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Data under applicable data protection laws.
If you wish to exercise your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to further confirm your identity and will respond to you within the time period specified by applicable data protection law. Please note that in certain cases stipulated by applicable data protection law, we may charge you a reasonable fee for processing your request or refuse your request.
You are entitled to exercise the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
Right of access
: The right to obtain all your Personal Data we store. In some cases, the right of access may be limited for technical reasons, including if the data has been anonymized and cannot be linked to any data subject.
Right to erasure or right to be forgotten
: The right to completely delete your Personal Data. You can do this at will via AdGuard Account, or by sending a request to
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
Right to rectification
: The right to correct any incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data about you. We will do so as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason not to, in which case you will be notified.
Right to restriction
: The right to impose restrictions on processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object
: The right to object to processing of your Personal Data.
Right to data portability
: The right to receive provided Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another controller. You can export all Personal Data that we hold about you to a local file from your AdGuard Account at
adguardaccount.com
.
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing
, including profiling.
Right to withdraw a consent
where the data processing is based on the consent.
Right to lodge a complaint
with a data protection authority. You can find contact details of our data protection authorities at
www.dataprotection.gov.cy/dataprotection/dataprotection.nsf/contact_en/contact_en?opendocument
.
When we receive your Personal Data from a third party, we will use reasonable efforts to inform you about it.
Safeguarding measures
We make every possible effort to protect you and your Personal Data from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. We implement and maintain the following technical and security measures:
System access controls
: We take reasonable measures to prevent Personal Data from being used without authorization. These controls shall vary based on the nature of the processing undertaken and may include, among other controls, authentication via passwords and/or two-factor authentication, documented authorization processes, documented change management processes and/or logging of access on several levels.
Data access controls
: We take reasonable measures to ensure that Personal Data is accessible and manageable only by properly authorized staff. Direct database query access is restricted and application access rights are established and enforced to ensure that persons entitled to use a data processing system only have access to the Personal Data to which they have privilege of access; and that personal data cannot be read, copied, modified or removed without authorization in the course of processing.
Storing data in a data center
: Personal information is stored in our own data center located in Frankfurt. This is secure: the data center does not demand that we collect any data about your traffic or your use of our products and services. If they request us to start doing so, we will stop working with this provider and find an alternative.
Transmission controls
: We take reasonable measures to ensure that it is possible to check and establish to which entities the transfer of Personal Data by means of data transmission facilities is envisaged so Personal Data cannot be read, copied, modified or removed without authorization during electronic transmission or transport.
Input controls
: We take reasonable measures to make it possible to check and establish whether and by whom personal data has been entered into data processing systems, modified or removed.
Data backup
: We regularly back up our databases to protect Personal Data from accidental destruction or loss when hosted by us. The data is also encrypted so that it cannot be used if lost.
Logical separation
: Personal Data is logically segregated on our systems to ensure that Personal Data collected for different purposes can be processed separately.
Consequences of not providing your Personal Data
You are not obligated to provide your Personal Data to us. However, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services or respond to your requests, we will not be able to offer our services without it.
Age limitations
To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, we do not allow the use of our Services, Products, and Website by persons under the age of 18. If you learn that someone under the age of 18 has unlawfully provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
. We will take steps to delete such information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and inform you of some important changes. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may require these changes, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes on this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed.
Other documents:
EULA
Privacy policy of AdGuard websites
Terms and conditions
Terms of sale
Data processing agreement
Privacy notices:
AdGuard VPN Browser Extension
AdGuard VPN for Android
AdGuard VPN for iOS
AdGuard VPN for Mac
AdGuard VPN for Windows
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://adguard.com/website-privacy.html:
AdGuard
Privacy policy of AdGuard websites
Privacy Policy of AdGuard Websites
September 27, 2024
Keynote:
We are proud to say that we fight for users’ privacy, and we are strongly committed to this principle and to being as transparent as possible.
We believe that privacy is a fundamental human right. That’s why we are transparent about what AdGuard does and explain the purpose of every little bit of information that may be gathered by our apps and services.
Who we are
ADGUARD SOFTWARE LIMITED (“We”, “Us”, “Our”) processes your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in compliance with the applicable data protection laws when you:
Visit websites related to AdGuard software and services (hereafter, the “Websites”):
AdGuard Ad Blocker website at
adguard.com
,
AdGuard VPN website at
adguard-vpn.com
,
AdGuard DNS website at
adguard-dns.io
.
AdGuard Mail website at
adguard-mail.com
.
Use AdGuard Account services at
my.adguard.com
(hereafter, the “AdGuard Account”).
Use AdGuard Affiliate Account services at
adguardpartner.com
(hereafter, the “Affiliate Account”).
ADGUARD SOFTWARE LIMITED is a company registered in Limassol, Cyprus, registered office is at Anexartisias and Athinon 79, Nora Court Flat/Office 203–205, 3040 Limassol, Cyprus. ADGUARD SOFTWARE LIMITED acts as the data controller when processing your data.
This Privacy Policy provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations and explains how, why and when we process your data. Our general principle is to collect only the information that is necessary to provide you with full functionality of our products and services. We strictly follow the principle of “minimization” when processing your data.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services that you visit, even if the Websites, the AdGuard Account, or the Affiliate Account have links to such third-party websites or services. You should familiarize yourself with privacy policies of third-party websites and services.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you want to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at
privacy@adguard.com
.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY THOROUGHLY.
IF YOU AGREE AND ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, WE WILL PROCESS YOUR DATA STATED BELOW FOR THE DECLARED PROCESSING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT VISIT OR USE THE WEBSITES, THE ADGUARD ACCOUNT, OR THE AFFILIATE ACCOUNT, AND DO NOT PROVIDE YOUR INFORMATION TO US.
What data we process
We process different data depending on the situation. You can learn details about what data we process in this section.
Some data that we receive and process may be treated as personal data (“Personal Data”) in accordance with the laws of certain territories and countries. When we use terms “personal data” or “personal information”, we mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, excluding any anonymized and depersonalized data where your identity is absent or has been removed and cannot be recovered.
When you visit the Websites, the AdGuard Account, or the Affiliate Account and their subdomains, we process the following information obtained by our web server to provide you with the content you request: IP addresses in anonymized form, timestamp of the server request, type and version of your web browser, name and version of your operating system, requesting domain (URL), address of the previously visited page (referrer URL), host name.
When you visit the Websites
You can visit and use the Websites for informational purposes without having to provide any personal data. However, to provide you with certain functionality of our Websites listed below, we need to process some of your personal data. Without such processing, we will not be able to provide you with such functionality of our Websites.
Sending messages.
We may use your email address to communicate with you when we need to make announcements, inform you of updates and new features in our software or services, provide you with advice, and communicate with you when you report errors.
You may also give us your consent to process your email to send you marketing messages about other AdGuard software or services. You may withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing from our newsletter via the AdGuard Account or by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button or link in the email itself.
Buying a license.
We process your email address for billing and payment purposes. If you buy a subscription to AdGuard software, we’ll use the email address you provide to send you information about the purchase, such as your subscription status and renewal notifications (if applicable), and to recover your license key if you request it.
We conduct all transactions via two payment providers —
Paddle.com Inc.
and
PayPro Global
— to process payments when you purchase a subscription to use our software and services. Processed data: your email address, country of residence, zip/postal code, and if you use a bank card to make a purchase, the card number, name, expiration date and the security code associated with the bank card. Paddle privacy policy:
www.paddle.com/legal/privacy
. PayPro Global privacy policy:
docs.payproglobal.com/documents/legal/privacyPolicy.pdf
The third-party service provider may transmit some of your personal data to us, but not including payment information, unless you specifically agree (as may be the case if you purchase a subscription with auto-renewal). We may use the information to verify your registration or subscription status, or for renewal of your subscription, if applicable.
When you use the AdGuard Account
To use our AdGuard Account, you need to register your account and sign in.
Registering your account.
We process your email address and a hash of the password you use for authorization. That ensures that you can retrieve your password if needed.
If you choose to register your account using your third-party account, such as a Google, Apple, or Facebook account, we will process an authentication token to prove your identity. AdGuard does not request or have access to your third-party accounts.
Sending messages.
To keep you informed about the operation and new features of the AdGuard Account, we will process your email address.
To receive newsletters and promotional emails about the AdGuard software, you can opt-in and subscribe to the newsletters. You can withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing in your account settings or by clicking on the appropriate link in the email you receive.
Data processing during the use of the AdGuard software as well as the sections of the AdGuard Account related to the AdGuard software is governed by the privacy policies of the respective software.
When you use the Affiliate Account
To use our Affiliate Account, you need to register your account and sign in.
Registering your account.
We process your username, email address, and a hash of the password you use for authorization.
Processing your payouts.
To process payments via the payout method you have chosen, we will process the email address you indicate as an account identifier of a third-party payment service to which you want to receive your payouts.
We conduct all transactions via third-party payment providers. To process payments via the payout method you have chosen, we will share some of your personal data with a third party payment service to which you want to receive your payouts.
(a) If you choose PayPal as your payout method, AdGuard will share the email address you indicate with
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
. PayPal privacy policy:
www.paypal.com/cy/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
.
(b) If you choose Mellow as your payout method, AdGuard will share the email address you indicate with
TMS SolarWeb Ltd
. Mellow privacy policy:
www.mellow.io/documents/privacy-policy
.
AdGuard does not request or have access to your accounts in third-party payment services.
Processing data of users referred by you and by your affiliate referrals.
To properly calculate your commission when a subscription to the AdGuard software is purchased or renewed by a user referred by you or by your affiliate referral, we will process the email address used to create the user’s account in the AdGuard Account and username and email address of your affiliate referral.
Sending messages.
To keep you informed about the Affiliate Account and the AdGuard affiliate program, we will process your email address.
Providing support.
To assist you, we process the information you share when submitting a support ticket. Please note that in most cases, we do not need any additional personal information to provide you with support.
Use of cookies
We use our cookies to personalize the content and facilitate your use of the Websites, the AdGuard Account, and the Affiliate Account, such as setting the default language.
Cookies are small text files with parameters and their values that your web browser stores on your device. Some cookies are only stored for the duration of your current browsing session, some cookies may be stored for longer.
None of the information we may collect through cookies is considered Personal Data as it does not allow us to identify you. You can always disable or clear cookies in your browser, but please note that some of our services may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
We do not use any javascript-based tracking or cookies. Instead, we use our server logs (i.e. information about what pages were requested) to measure how people use our website. We do not use raw logs, instead raw logs are aggregated to build general reports for us.
What legal bases we use to process your Personal Data
We use different legal bases to process Personal Data, depending on the type of data involved and the purposes and circumstances of processing.
Consent.
We process your Personal Data if you have provided us with your consent to use your Personal Data for certain purposes. For example, to send you marketing emails. You can withdraw your consent any time without any detriment to your use of the Websites, the AdGuard Account, or the Affiliate Account.
Performance of a contract.
We process your Personal Data when it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, including providing the functionality of our software and services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
Legal obligations.
We process your Personal Data where it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to exercise or defend our legal rights, or for taxation purposes.
Legitimate interest.
We process your Personal Data when we pursue our legitimate interests, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects.
Where we process your Personal Data
We store your Personal Data in our own data center located in Frankfurt, Germany. Your Personal Data may be processed by our employees, who can only access your data on a need-to-know basis as part of their job duties. If you have any questions or would like to know from which countries access may be possible, you can write to us at
privacy@adguard.com
.
When we transfer data to other countries, we always implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your Personal Data always remains safe and that your rights are respected:
The country or the third party is recognized as providing adequate protection.
A valid transfer mechanism, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses, is applied. Additional measures are taken where necessary.
The transfer has your explicit consent.
The transfer is necessary to perform a contract with you or to take steps requested by you prior to entering into that contract.
If you wish to obtain a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses used, please contact us at
privacy@adguard.com
.
To determine if a non-EU country has an adequate level of data protection, please visit
commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en
.
How we use your Personal Data
Retaining your data
We will retain Personal Data for as long as necessary to provide you with our products and services, or until you revoke your consent to share this information.
Your rights
In some countries and regions, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Data under applicable data protection laws.
If you wish to exercise your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@adguard.com
. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to further confirm your identity and will respond to you within the time period specified by applicable data protection law. Please note that we may charge you a reasonable fee for processing your request or refuse your request in certain cases specified by applicable data protection laws.
You are entitled to exercise the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
Right of access:
the right to obtain all your Personal Data we store. In some cases, the right of access may be limited for technical reasons, including if the data has been anonymized and cannot be linked to any data subject.
Right to erasure
or
right to be forgotten:
the right to have your Personal Data completely deleted. You can delete your data related to your AdGuard Account and Affiliate Account accounts yourself via the settings of these accounts. Alternatively, you can send us a request at
privacy@adguard.com
.
Right to rectification:
the right to correct any incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data about you. We will do so as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason not to, in which case you will be notified.
Right to restriction:
the right to impose restrictions on processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object:
the right to object to processing of your Personal Data.
Right to data portability:
the right to receive provided Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another controller. You can export all your Personal Data related to your AdGuard Account to a local file from in the AdGuard Account settings.
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing
, including profiling.
Right to withdraw a consent
where the data processing is based on the consent.
Right to lodge a complaint
with a data protection authority. You can find the contact details of our data protection authorities here:
www.dataprotection.gov.cy/dataprotection/dataprotection.nsf/contact_en/contact_en?opendocument
.
If we receive your Personal Data from a third party, we will use reasonable efforts to inform you about it.
Safeguarding measures
We make every possible effort to protect you and your Personal Data from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. We implement and maintain the following technical and security measures:
System access controls:
We take reasonable measures to prevent Personal Data from being used without authorization. These controls shall vary based on the nature of the processing undertaken and may include, but are not limited to, authentication via passwords and/or two-factor authentication, documented authorization processes, documented change management processes and/or logging of access on several levels.
Data access controls:
We take reasonable measures to ensure that Personal Data is accessible and manageable only by properly authorized staff. Direct database query access is restricted and application access rights are established and enforced to ensure that individuals entitled to use a data processing system only have access to the Personal Data to which they have access privileges; and that personal data cannot be read, copied, modified, or deleted without authorization in the course of processing.
Storing data in a data center:
Personal information is stored in our own data center located in Frankfurt, Germany. This is secure: the data center does not demand that we collect any data about your traffic or your use of our products and services. If they request us to start doing so, we will stop working with them and find an alternative.
Transmission controls:
We take reasonable measures to ensure that it is possible to check and establish to which entities the transfer of personal data by means of data transmission facilities is envisaged so personal data cannot be read, copied, modified, or removed without authorization during electronic transmission or transport.
Input controls:
We take reasonable measures to make it possible to check and establish whether and by whom personal data has been entered into data processing systems, modified, or removed.
Data backup:
Databases are backed up regularly. They are secured and encrypted to ensure that personal data is protected from accidental destruction or loss while hosted by us.
Logical separation:
Personal Data is logically segregated on our systems to ensure that Personal Data collected for different purposes can be processed separately.
Consequences of not providing your Personal Data
You are under no obligation to provide your Personal Data to us. However, because this information is necessary for us to provide you with our services or respond to your requests, we will not be able to provide some or all of our services without it.
Age limitations
To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, we do not allow the use of the Websites, the AdGuard Account, or the Affiliate Account by anyone under the age of 18 years. If you learn that anyone younger than 18 has unlawfully provided us with Personal Data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information.
Do Not Track
We respect your right to privacy and therefore respect the Do Not Track (“DNT”) settings in your web browser. If you have DNT enabled in your web browser, any analytical tools, including first-party, will not be loaded and used on the Websites, in the AdGuard Account, and in the Affiliate Account.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and notify you of any important changes. Laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes on this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed.
Other documents:
EULA
EULA of AdGuard Temp Mail
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions of the AdGuard account and AdGuard websites
Terms of Sale
Data processing agreement
Privacy notices:
AdGuard Assistant
AdGuard Browser Extension
AdGuard Content Blocker
AdGuard for Android
AdGuard for iOS
AdGuard for Mac
AdGuard for Safari
AdGuard for Windows
AdGuard Home
AdGuard Temp Mail
We use essential cookies only. No ads or trackers.
Privacy policy
I agree
Sub-policy 1
https://www.paddle.com/legal/privacy:
Webinar
Data to dollars: Finding hidden growth in your subscription data
Save your seat
Policy
Privacy policy
A. This Policy
Summary
: This Policy explains how we Process Personal Data. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
This Policy is issued by Paddle which is made up of each of the Controller entities that are listed in Section (U) below (together, “Paddle”, “we”, “us” and “our”) and is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom we interact in our course of business as a Merchant of Record, including customers, visitors to our Sites, other users of our products or services, personnel of corporate customers and vendors, applicants for employment, and visitors to our premises (together, “you”). Please note that not all provisions of this Policy will apply to you and your Personal Data, as this will depend on your specific relationship with Paddle.
Defined terms used in this Policy are explained in Section (V) below.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
This Policy was last updated on
30 June 2023.
You may also have certain rights regarding the information we collect about you. Specifically, the rights of Data Subjects of the EEA are explained in Section (M) below. Similarly, Residents of certain US states, including California and Virginia, may find information on their rights as a Consumer in Sections (R), (S) and (T)  below.
B. Collection of Personal Data
Summary
: We collect or obtain Personal Data: when that data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us); in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you appoint us as your Merchant of Record or if you make a purchase from Paddle); when you make Personal Data public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media); when you visit our Sites; when you register to use any of our Sites, products, or services; or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site; we may also receive Personal Data about you from third parties (e.g., law enforcement authorities).
We collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources:
Data provided to us: We obtain Personal Data when such data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us via email or via our Sites, or by any other means, or when you provide us with your business card, or when you submit a job application).
Data we obtain in person: We obtain Personal Data during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, in person interviews or at events we attend.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Data when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Relationship data: We collect or obtain Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g. we provide a service to you, or to your employer).
Data you make public: We collect or obtain Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g. we may collect information from your social media profile(s) or if you make a public post about us).
Site data: We may collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites, products, or services.
Content and advertising information: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we may receive Personal Data from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Third party information: We collect or obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g. credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
C. Creation of Personal Data
Summary:
We create Personal Data about you (e.g., records of your interactions with us).
We also create Personal Data about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, and details of your past interactions with us. We may also combine Personal Data from any of our Sites, products, or services, including where that data is collected from different sources.
D. Categories of Personal Data we Process
Summary
: We Process: your personal details (e.g., your name); demographic data (e.g. your age); your contact details (e.g., your address); records of your consents; purchase details; payment details (e.g. billing address); information about your interaction with our Sites (e.g. the type of device you are using); details of your employer (where relevant); information about your interactions with our content or advertising; and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We Process the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name.
Demographic information: gender; date of birth / age; nationality; salutation; title; and language preferences.
Contact details: correspondence address; telephone number; email address; details of Personal Assistants, where applicable; messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media details.
Expertise: records of your expertise; professional history; practising details and qualification details; information about your experience; participation in meetings; seminars; advisory boards and conferences; information about your professional relationship with other individuals or institutions; language abilities and other professional skills.
Consent records: records of any consents you have given, together with the date and time; means of consent and any related information (e.g. the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details: records of purchases and prices; and consignee name, address, contact telephone number and email address;
Payment details: invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; cardholder or account holder name; card payment identifiers; payment amount; and payment date.
Data relating to your use of our Sites: device type; operating system; browser type; browser settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; username; password; security login details; and usage data.
Employer details: where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee of a third party, the name, address, telephone number and email address of your employer, to the extent relevant.
Content and advertising data: records of your interactions with our online advertising and content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (e.g., mouse hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete in whole or in part) and any touchscreen interactions.
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms.
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
E. Sensitive Personal Data
Summary
: We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process Sensitive Personal Data in the ordinary course of our business as a Merchant of Record. Where we need to Process Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
Where it becomes necessary to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for any reason, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (e.g., the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Data (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
If you provide Sensitive Personal Data to us, you must ensure that it is lawful for you to disclose such data to us, and you must ensure a valid legal basis applies to the Processing of those Sensitive Personal Data.
F. Purposes of Processing and Legal Bases for Processing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data for the following purposes: providing our Sites, products, and services to you; compliance checks; operating our business; communicating with you; managing our IT systems; health and safety; financial management; conducting surveys; ensuring the security of our premises and systems; conducting investigations where necessary; compliance with applicable law; improving our Sites, products, and services; fraud prevention; establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims; and recruitment and job applications.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows:
Provision of Sites, products, and services:
providing our Sites, products, or services; providing promotional items upon request; and communicating with you in relation to those Sites, products, or services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, products, or services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way)
Compliance checks:
fulfilling our regulatory compliance obligations; ‘Know Your Client’ checks; and confirming and verifying your identity; use of credit reference agencies; and screening against government and/or law enforcement agency sanctions lists and other legal restrictions.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of fulfilling our regulatory and compliance obligations (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Operating our business:
operating and managing our Sites, our products, and our services; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; communicating and interacting with you via our Sites, our products, or our services; and notifying you of changes to any of our Sites, our products, or our services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, our products, or our services to you (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Communications and marketing:
communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) to provide news items and other information in which you may be interested, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law; personalising our Sites, products and services for you; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required; enabling and recording your choice to opt-out or unsubscribe, where applicable.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of contacting you, subject always to compliance with applicable law (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Management of IT systems:
management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems; and audits (including security audits) and monitoring of such systems.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and maintaining our communications and IT systems (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Health and safety:
health and safety assessments and record keeping; providing a safe and secure environment at our premises; and compliance with related legal obligations.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring a safe environment at our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
Financial management
: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and operating the financial affairs of our business (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Surveys:
engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Sites, our products, or our services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of conducting surveys, satisfaction reports and market research (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Security:
physical security of our premises (including records of visits to our premises); CCTV recordings; and electronic security (including login records and access details).
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring the physical and electronic security of our business and our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Investigations:
detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, breaches of our policies and applicable laws (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Legal compliance:
compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
Improving our Sites, products, and services:
identifying issues with our Sites, our products, or our services; planning improvements to our Sites, our products, or our services; and creating new Sites, products, or services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of improving our Sites, our products, or our services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Fraud prevention:
Detecting, preventing and investigating fraud.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, fraud (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims:
management of legal claims; establishment of facts and claims, including collection, review and production of documents, facts, evidence and witness statements; exercise and defence of legal rights and claims, including formal legal proceedings.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Recruitment and job applications:
recruitment activities; advertising of positions; interview activities; analysis of suitability for the relevant position; records of hiring decisions; offer details; and acceptance details.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of recruitment activities and handling job applications (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
G. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
Summary
: We disclose Personal Data to: legal and regulatory authorities; our external advisors; our Processors; any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings; any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences; any purchaser of our business or successor in title to our obligations under a contract; and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on our Sites.
We disclose Personal Data to other entities within the Paddle group, for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our Sites, products, or services to you, in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we disclose Personal Data to:
you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives;
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (G);
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and with applicable jurisdiction;
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
any alternative payment provider or reseller appointed by the Supplier or other third party acquirer(s) or successor(s) in title, including but not limited to in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in
the event of a reorganisation, dissolution or liquidation); and
any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third party provider. We recommend that you review that third party’s privacy policy before interacting with its advertising, plugins or content.
Suppliers to the extent necessary to provide a product requested by you.
any other relevant third party outsourced service providers, where our Sites use third parties to perform certain functions otherwise performed by Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law, including the provisions at Section (H) below, with respect to international transfers.
H. International Transfer of Personal Data
Summary:
We transfer Personal Data to recipients in other countries. Where we transfer Personal Data from the UK/EEA to a recipient outside the UK/EEA that is not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and in the presence of appropriate safeguards.
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal Data within the Paddle group, and to third parties as noted in Section (G) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
If an exemption or derogation applies (e.g., where a transfer is necessary to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim) we may rely on that exemption or derogation, as appropriate. Where no exemption or derogation applies, and we transfer your Personal Data from the UK/EEA to recipients located outside the UK/EEA who are not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and the presence of appropriate safeguards. Please contact the privacy team at
privacy@paddle.com
below if you wish to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to any Paddle entity established outside the UK/EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Data. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we receive those data, in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.
I. Data Security
Summary
: We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorised or unlawful Processing, and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Insofar as you are able, please ensure that any Personal Data that you send to us is sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful or unauthorised forms of Processing, from the point of collection to the point of destruction, in accordance with applicable law.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
J. Data Accuracy
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate and up-to-date and is erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we Process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up-to-date; and
any of your Personal Data that we Process that is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which it was Processed) is erased or rectified without delay;
From time to time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Data.
K. Data Minimisation
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to limit the volume of your Personal Data that we Process to what is necessary.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data that we Process is limited to the Personal Data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy.
L. Data Retention
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only retained for as long as it is needed in connection with its lawful purpose.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
1. We will retain Personal Data in a form that permits identification as long as:
we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data)
Plus:
2. The duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e., any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim),
And:
3. In addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
During the periods noted above, we will restrict our Processing of your Personal Data to storage of, and maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods noted above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either:
permanently delete or destroy the relevant Personal Data; or
anonymise the relevant Personal Data.
M. Your Legal Rights
Summary
: Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with Data Protection Authorities. In some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note that we will be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our Sites, products, or services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data – e.g., we might not be able to process your requests without the necessary details);
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal Data, together with information regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of that Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request rectification (or correction) of any inaccuracies in your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds: erasure of your Relevant Personal Data or restriction of Processing of your Relevant Personal Data
the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable;
where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases); and
the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data with a Data Protection Authority (in particular, the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member State in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged infringement occurred, each if applicable).
Subject to applicable law, you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf, where such processing is based on Articles 6(1)(e) (public interest) or 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests) of the GDPR;
the right to object to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes; and
opt you out of the automated processing of your Personal Data in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Policy, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, you may submit your request via
https://preferences.paddle.com/privacy
.
Please note that:
in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights;
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take; and
certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request. You can contact us as set forth above to appeal such decision.
N. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Summary
: We Process Personal Data by using Cookies and similar technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
When you visit a Site we will typically place Cookies onto your device, or read Cookies already on your device, subject always  to obtaining your consent, where required, in accordance with applicable law. We use Cookies to record information about your device, your browser and, in some cases, your preferences and browsing habits. We Process Personal Data through Cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
.
O. Terms of Use
Summary
: All Suppliers are subject to Terms of Use that govern all use of our Site.
All use of our Merchant of Record services is subject to each Supplier’s Terms of Use. We recommend that you review your applicable Terms of Use to ensure that you are aware of your obligations and where applicable, regularly in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
P. Terms of Sale
Summary
: Our Buyer Terms and Conditions govern the sale of all Products by Paddle.
All sales of Products are subject to our
Buyer Terms and Conditions
. We recommend that you review these regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
Q. Direct Marketing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data to contact you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe for free at any time.
We Process Personal Data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. We also Process Personal Data for the purposes of displaying content tailored to your use of our Sites, products, or services. If we provide Sites, products, or services to you, we may send or display information to you regarding our Sites, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, including by using the contact details that you have provided to us, or any other appropriate means, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law.
You may change your preferences, or unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional electronic communication and updating your communication preferences. Please note that it may take up to a month to process your unsubscribe request during which time you may continue to receive communications from us. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails, but in some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any Sites, products, or services you have requested (for example, we may send you emails about your Paddle projects or our ongoing business relationship). R. California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
R. California Disclosures
Summary
: Under the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended (“CCPA”), we must disclose our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the Personal Information of California Residents (“Consumers”). Consumers are also afforded additional rights with regard to the Personal Information that we collect about them that include the rights of access, deletion, and to be free from discrimination. This section of our Privacy Policy includes the disclosures required by the CCPA.
Collection of Personal Information:
We have collected and will collect the following general categories of Personal Information about Consumers, relative to your relationship with Paddle:
Personal identifiers, such as names, aliases, postal addresses, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, internet protocol addresses, email addresses, account names, social security numbers, driver’s license numbers, and passport numbers,
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) including names, addresses, telephone numbers, credit and debit card identifiers;
Protected classifications, including sex, age, and national origin;
Commercial information, including products or Services you have purchased, and your purchasing history;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, visual or similar information;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information; and
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile (e.g. behaviour).
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
Use of Personal Information
We may use the categories of Personal Information described above for the following business or commercial purposes:
Advancing our commercial or economic business interests through our services and products to our Suppliers and customers;
Maintaining and servicing Supplier accounts;
Auditing Supplier activity on our Sites;
Processing or fulfilling orders and transactions;
Processing, managing, and accounting for transactions;
Providing customer support and support to Suppliers;
Verifying customer and Supplier information;
For short term, transient uses (such as contextual advertising);
To understand and enhance your experience on our Sites or with our services by utilising analytic services;
Advertising our services;
Linking or combining it with information received from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with an enhanced service;
Performing internal research for technological development;
Ensuring and improving the quality and safety of our services and products;
Debugging to address impairments to operational functionality;
Detecting security incidents;
Complying with applicable law and law enforcement requirements;
Protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity and assisting in the prosecution of those responsible for such activities; and
Defending against or bringing legal action, claims and other liabilities.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We collect or obtain Personal Information about you from the following sources:
You: We obtain Personal Information when you provide it to us (e.g., where you create an account, purchase products, participate in research, where you contact us via email or telephone, provide us information during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, or at events we attend, or by any other means, or when you submit a job application), and when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Information when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Public sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), if you make a public post about us).
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Information when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites or services.
Third Party content and advertising partners: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we receive Personal Information from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Other third party sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
Disclosures of Personal Information
We do not Sell any Personal Information to third parties. In particular, we do not Sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients.
The following is the categories of recipients to which we disclose information and the categories of Personal Information disclosed:
To:
Legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Commercial Information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data;
Inferences for use in creating a consumer profile
Accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Protected classifications (if provided);
Commercial information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Third-party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted in Section (G);
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Protected classifications;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content;
Personal identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Retention
We determine the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
The status of our ongoing relationship with you (e.g. where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
If your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g. where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data).
Plus, the duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e. any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim).
And:
In addition, if any relevant legal claim are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
S. Consumer Rights Under the CCPA
Summary
: Subject to the CCPA, you may have a number of rights, including: the right to know about your Personal Information, right to request the deletion of your Personal Information, the right to opt out of a Sale or Sharing of your Personal Information, the right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information, the right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information and the right to non-discrimination when you exercise your rights under the CCPA
You may make a request to exercise a right as set forth above. Generally, in order to verify your request, we will compare the Personal Information we already hold about you to the Personal Information we will request in the course of processing your request. The Personal Information required for verification may include your name and email address, or further information if we reasonably believe it is necessary to verify you. To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please follow the instructions described in this section.
Right to Know About Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we disclose the following information, in a readily useable format, covering the 12 month period preceding the request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The purposes for which the categories of Personal Information collected about you will be used.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
. Consumers have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected from them. Your request may be subject to certain exemptions under applicable laws.
We may keep a record of deletion requests solely as a record of compliance.
Right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we use commercially reasonable efforts to correct any inaccurate Personal Information.
Right to opt out of a Sale or the Sharing of your Personal Information.
Please note that Paddle does not Sell or Share your information within the meaning of the California Privacy Acts.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to direct a business to limit its use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Please note that Paddle will only collect and use Sensitive Personal Information where it is absolutely required to do so in the course of its relationship with you and all information collected is subjected to record retention timeframes based on law and industry standards.
Requests to know, correct, or delete data may be submitted via
preferences.paddle.com/privacy
Right to Non-Discrimination.
Consumers have the right to be free from discrimination as set forth in the CCPA when they exercise their Consumer rights under the CCPA.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
We do not offer financial incentives or a price or service difference to incentivise consumers to provide personal information.
Authorised Agent
. Under the CCPA, you may appoint an authorised agent to submit requests to exercise your rights on your behalf. Should you choose to do so, for your and our protection, we will require your authorised agent to provide us with a signed permission demonstrating that they are authorised to submit a request on your behalf. Should your authorised agent fail to submit proof that they have been authorised to act on your behalf, we will deny their request.
T. California's "Shine the Light" Law
Summary
:  California residents are entitled to request a notice describing what  categories of personal customer information We share with third parties.
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for the purposes of their direct marketing.
U. Details of Controllers
Summary
: There are several Paddle entities that act as Controllers for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Policy, the relevant Controllers are:
Paddle.com Market Limited
of Judd House, 18-29 Mora Street, London, EC1V 8BT, UK
Paddle Payments Limited
of The Academy, 42 Pearse Street, Dublin, D02 YX88, Ireland
Paddle.com Inc.
of 3811 Ditmars Blvd, #1071 Astoria, New York, 11105-1803, USA
V. Definitions
“Adequate Jurisdiction”
means a country or territory recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under an adequacy decision made, from time to time, by (as applicable) (i) the Information Commissioner’s Office and/or under applicable UK law (including the UK GDPR), and/ or (ii) the European Commission under the EU GDPR.
“California Resident”
or
“Consumer”
means (1) every individual who is residing in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the state for a temporary or transitory purpose.
“Controller”
means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data is Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
“Cookie”
means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Policy, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies.
“Data Protection Authority”
means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
“EEA”
means the European Economic Area.
“GDPR”
means the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“
EU GDPR
”); the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (as implemented by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 and the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020) (the "
UK GDPR
"), as applicable;
“Merchant of Record”
means the licensed reseller of software and digital products and the business that is carried on by Paddle.
“Personal Data
” and
“Personal Information”
means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
“Process”
,
“Processing”
or
“Processed”
means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor”
means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
“Product”
means the Supplier’s software product(s) and/or digital content and any subsequent updates and upgrades thereto agreed to be resold or distributed by Paddle.
“Relevant Personal Data”
means Personal Data in respect of which we are the Controller.
“Sell”
has the meaning ascribed to it in section 1798.140 of the CCPA.
“Sensitive Personal Data”
means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that is deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
“Sensitive Personal Information”
means Personal Information that reveals an Consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number, account log-in, financial account, debit card or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, precise geolocation, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership or the contents of a Consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication; or genetic data
“Share”
means communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioural advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration
“Site”
means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf.
“Standard Contractual Clauses”
means i) where the EU GDPR applies, the contractual clauses annexed to the European Commission's Implementing Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council incorporating Module 1 (Controller to Controller transfers) (EU SCCs); and ii) where the UK GDPR applies, the template Addendum B.1.0 issued by the UK's Information Commissioner's Office and approved by Parliament in accordance with s119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK Approved Addendum) and the accompanying Mandatory Clauses of the UK Approved Addendum, as updated from time to time and/or replaced by any further version published by the Information Commissioner's Office (UK Mandatory Clauses)
“Supplier”
means a party which has appointed Paddle to be its Merchant of Record and reseller of its Products
“UK”
means the United Kingdom
Sub-policy 2
https://docs.payproglobal.com/documents/legal/privacyPolicy.pdf:

Sub-policy 3
https://adguard-vpn.com/privacy/windows.html:
AdGuard VPN
Privacy policy
AdGuard VPN for Windows
AdGuard VPN for Windows Privacy Notice
August 7, 2024
This Privacy Notice lists all the information that we, Adguard Software Ltd. (“we”, “us”, or “our”), may collect when you use AdGuard VPN for Windows and explains why we do it and how we use this information.
This Privacy Notice supplements the AdGuard VPN Privacy Policy available at
adguard-vpn.com/privacy.html
, which provides you with the necessary information regarding terms and conditions of data processing by AdGuard.
Keynote:
We do not collect logs on VPN servers and do not know what websites you visit.
We only collect the information necessary for AdGuard VPN for Windows to function fully and properly.
We do not share or sell your personal information. We are strongly committed to protecting user privacy and being as transparent as possible.
You are not required to share your personal data with us. You can delete your information by deleting your AdGuard account or by sending us a request at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
What data AdGuard VPN for Windows can collect and when
Here we describe when and what data is sent to our server, so you can be sure that we only collect the minimum necessary for the app to work properly. The information we collect about you depends on how you interact with our app.
Signing up
When you create an AdGuard account, the following information is sent to our servers:
Email address
OAuth provider name: Google/Facebook/Apple (only if it was used to register the account)
OS language
App identifier
App version
Build identifier
Why we need this information:
We need your email address to register an AdGuard account and log you in.
We use the app identifier to control the simultaneous use of multiple apps.
OS language is required to communicate with you in your language.
Logging in
When you log in to the app, your email address and the app version are sent to our servers. We need your email address to register an AdGuard account and log you in.
Subscribing to the AdGuard VPN newsletter
After you sign up, you will be prompted to subscribe to the emails about AdGuard VPN news and promotions. If you agree, the app will notify the server to add you to the mailing list.
The first launch of the app
When you launch AdGuard VPN for Windows for the first time, the following information is sent to our servers:
App identifier
App version
Device OS
OS language
Why we need this information:
To monitor the number of simultaneous connections
To count the number of apps of a certain type and version
Using the app
AdGuard VPN periodically connects to our server to check the account status. The following information is sent:
Authorization token
App identifier
App version
Device OS
OS language
We need this information to check the account status and authorization on the VPN server.
Checking for program updates
AdGuard VPN for Windows periodically connects to its servers to check for app updates. When it happens, no personal information is sent to our servers.
Contacting support
You can send messages to support from the
Support
tab in the app by clicking
Report a bug
or
Leave feedback
.
When you submit a report, your email address is sent to our servers. The AdGuard VPN support team may use it for follow-up communication about the issue.
The following information is also included in the report:
App identifier
App version
Authorization token
If you check the
Send detailed system info
checkbox, a file with the following information will be sent to our servers:
App settings
OS language
OS version
App logs
This detailed information is used by the support team to help solve more complicated problems.
Automatic and manual crash reports
If AdGuard VPN crashes, it will create an automatic crash report. Upon the next launch, AdGuard VPN will ask you to send it to us. In this report, the following information is sent:
App identifier
App version
Device hardware hash
Device model, its memory size, and disk space
OS version
Stack trace
List of components used by the app and their versions
The timestamp of the last OS start
The timestamp of the last app start
If you enable
Send crash reports
, this data will be automatically sent to our servers along with the crash report the next time the app is launched.
We need this information to troubleshoot critical issues. It keeps us aware of new problems not reported by users.
Crash report data is stored only on our servers. We do not use any third-party services to collect and store crash reports. All crash reports are stored for 30 days.
Other documents:
EULA
Privacy policy
Privacy policy of AdGuard websites
Terms and conditions
Terms of sale
Data processing agreement
Privacy notices:
AdGuard VPN Browser Extension
AdGuard VPN for Android
AdGuard VPN for iOS
AdGuard VPN for Mac
AdGuard VPN for Windows
We use essential cookies only. No ads or trackers.
Privacy policy
I agree
Sub-policy 4
https://adguard-vpn.com/privacy/android.html:
AdGuard VPN
Privacy policy
AdGuard VPN for Android
AdGuard VPN for Android Privacy Notice
August 7, 2024
This Privacy Notice lists all the information that we, Adguard Software Ltd. (“we”, “us”, or “our”), may collect when you use AdGuard VPN for Android and explains why we do it and how we use this information.
This Privacy Notice supplements the AdGuard VPN Privacy Policy available at
adguard-vpn.com/privacy.html
, which provides you with the necessary information regarding terms and conditions of data processing by AdGuard.
Keynote
:
We do not collect logs on VPN servers and do not know what websites you visit.
We only collect the information necessary for AdGuard VPN for Android to function fully and properly.
We do not share or sell your personal information. We are strongly committed to protecting user privacy and being as transparent as possible.
You are not required to share your personal data with us. You can delete your information by deleting your AdGuard account or by sending us a request at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
What data AdGuard VPN for Android can collect and when
Here we describe all cases when and what data is sent to our server, so you can be sure that we only collect the minimum necessary for the application to work properly. The information we collect about you depends on how you interact with our application.
Signing up
When you create an AdGuard account, the following information is sent to our servers:
Email address
OAuth provider name: Google/Facebook/Apple (only if it was used for registering the account)
OS language
App identifier
App version
Build identifier
Why we need this information:
We need your email address to register an AdGuard account and log you in.
We use the app identifier to control the simultaneous use of multiple apps.
OS language is required to communicate with you in your language.
Logging in
When you login to the application, your email address and the app version are sent to our servers. We need to know this because your email address is the login of your AdGuard VPN account.
Subscribing to the AdGuard VPN newsletter
After you sign up, you will be prompted to subscribe to the emails about AdGuard VPN news and promotions. If you agree, the app will notify the server to add you to the mailing list.
The first launch of the app
When you launch AdGuard VPN for Android for the first time, the following information is sent to our servers:
App identifier
App version
Device OS
OS language
Why we need this information:
To monitor the number of simultaneous connections
To count the number of applications of a certain type and version
Using the app
AdGuard VPN periodically connects to our server to check the account status. The following information is sent:
Authorization token
App ID
App version
App language
App type
OS language
Connecting to the VPN server
When you click
Connect
, the app will send your authorization token to AdGuard servers. We need this information to check the account status and authorization on the VPN server.
Contacting support
You can send messages to support by tapping
Report a bug
or
Request a feature
.
When you submit a report, your email address is sent to our servers. The AdGuard VPN support team may use it for follow-up communication about the issue.
The following information is also included in the report:
Report type (
Bug report
or
Feature request
)
Email address
Authorization token
App identifier
App version
If you check the checkbox for
Send app logs and system info
, a 10 MB zip file with the following information will be sent to our servers:
App settings
Exclusion lists
License info
Currently used VPN server location
App logs
Device model
OS version
This detailed information is used by the support team to help solve more complicated problems.
Automatic crash reports
If you enable
Send anonymous crash reports
, the following data will be collected and stored if the app crashes:
Device name and model
OS version and kernel build
ROOT status
Android ID
Amounts of total and free RAM
Screen orientation
Screen resolution and density
App name and version
Information related to the crash (error message and stack trace)
The last lines of the log file
This data will be sent to our servers along with the crash report the next time the app is launched.
We need this information to troubleshoot critical issues. It keeps us aware of new problems not reported by users.
Crash reports are stored only on our servers. We do not use any third-party services to collect and store crash reports. All crash reports are stored for 30 days.
Other documents:
EULA
Privacy policy
Privacy policy of AdGuard websites
Terms and conditions
Terms of sale
Data processing agreement
Privacy notices:
AdGuard VPN Browser Extension
AdGuard VPN for Android
AdGuard VPN for iOS
AdGuard VPN for Mac
AdGuard VPN for Windows
We use essential cookies only. No ads or trackers.
Privacy policy
I agree
Sub-policy 5
https://adguard-vpn.com/privacy/mac.html:
AdGuard VPN
Privacy policy
AdGuard VPN for Mac
AdGuard VPN for Mac Privacy Notice
August 7, 2024
This Privacy Notice lists all the information that we, Adguard Software Ltd. (”we”, ”us”, or ”our”), may collect when you use AdGuard VPN for Mac and explains why we do it and how we use this information.
This Privacy Notice supplements the AdGuard VPN Privacy Policy available at
adguard-vpn.com/privacy.html
, which provides you with the necessary information regarding terms and conditions of data processing by AdGuard.
Keynote
:
We do not collect logs on VPN servers and do not know what websites you visit.
We only collect the information necessary for AdGuard VPN for Mac to function fully and properly.
We do not share or sell your personal information. We are strongly committed to protecting user privacy and being as transparent as possible.
You are not required to share your personal data with us. You can delete your information by deleting your AdGuard account or by sending us a request at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
What data AdGuard VPN for Mac can collect and when
Here we describe when and what data is sent to our server, so you can be sure that we only collect the minimum necessary for the app to work properly. The information we collect about you depends on how you interact with our app.
Signing up
When we create an AdGuard account for you, the following information is sent to our servers:
Email address
OAuth provider name: Google/Facebook/Apple (only if it was used to register the account)
MAC address hash
OS language
App identifier
App version
Build identifier
Why we need this information:
We need your email address to register an AdGuard account and log you in.
We need your app identifier to control the simultaneous use of multiple apps.
OS language is required to communicate with you in your language.
Logging in
When you log in to the app, your email address and the app version are sent to our servers. We need your email address to register an AdGuard account and log you in.
Subscribing to the AdGuard VPN newsletter
After you log in or sign up, you will be prompted to subscribe to the AdGuard VPN newsletter. If you agree, the app will notify the server to add you to the mailing list.
The first launch of the app
When you launch AdGuard VPN for Mac for the first time, the following information is sent to our servers:
App identifier
App version
Device OS: macOS
OS language
Why we need this information:
To monitor the number of simultaneous connections
To count the number of apps of a certain type and version
To communicate with you in your language
Using the app
AdGuard VPN periodically connects to our server to check the account status. The following information is sent:
Authorization token
App identifier
App version
Device OS: macOS
OS language
We need this information to check the account status and authorization on the VPN server.
Program update checks
AdGuard VPN for Mac periodically connects to its servers to check for app updates. When it happens, no personal information is sent to our servers.
Contacting support
Users can send messages to support from the
Support
tab in the app by clicking
Report a bug
.
When the user submits a report, their email address is sent to our servers. The AdGuard VPN support team may use it for follow-up communication about the issue.
The following information is also included in the report:
App identifier
App version
Authorization token
If the user checks the checkbox for
Send detailed system info
, a file with the following information will be sent to our servers:
App settings
OS language
OS version
App logs
This detailed information is used by the support team to help solve more complicated problems.
Automatic and manual crash reports
If the app crashes, it will collect and store the following data:
App identifier
App version
Device hardware hash
Device model, its memory size, and disk space
OS version
Stack trace
List of components used by the app and their versions
The timestamp of the last OS start
The timestamp of the last app start
If you enable
Send crash reports
in Settings, this data will be automatically sent to our servers along with the crash report the next time the app is launched.
If you don’t enable
Send crash reports
, the app will prompt you to send a report. If you agree, it will send the above-mentioned information to our servers. If you enter your email address, its hashed version will also be sent.
We need this information to troubleshoot critical issues. It keeps us aware of new problems not reported by users.
Crash reports are stored only on our servers. We do not use any third-party services to collect and store crash reports. All crash reports are stored for 30 days.
Other documents:
EULA
Privacy policy
Privacy policy of AdGuard websites
Terms and conditions
Terms of sale
Data processing agreement
Privacy notices:
AdGuard VPN Browser Extension
AdGuard VPN for Android
AdGuard VPN for iOS
AdGuard VPN for Mac
AdGuard VPN for Windows
We use essential cookies only. No ads or trackers.
Privacy policy
I agree
Sub-policy 6
https://adguard-vpn.com/privacy/ios.html:
AdGuard VPN
Privacy policy
AdGuard VPN for iOS
AdGuard VPN for iOS Privacy Notice
August 7, 2024
This Privacy Notice lists all the information that we, Adguard Software Ltd. (“we”, “us”, or “our”), may collect when you use AdGuard VPN for iOS and explains why we do it and how we use this information.
This Privacy Notice supplements the AdGuard VPN Privacy Policy available at
adguard-vpn.com/privacy.html
, which provides you with the necessary information regarding terms and conditions of data processing by AdGuard.
Keynote
:
We do not collect logs on VPN servers and do not know what websites you visit.
We only collect the information necessary for AdGuard VPN for iOS to function fully and properly.
We do not share or sell your personal information. We are strongly committed to protecting user privacy and being as transparent as possible.
You are not required to share your personal data with us. You can delete your information by deleting your AdGuard account or by sending us a request at
privacy@adguard-vpn.com
.
What data AdGuard VPN for iOS can collect and when
Here we describe when and what data is sent to our server, so you can be sure that we only collect the minimum necessary for the app to work properly. The information we collect about you depends on how you interact with our app.
Signing up
When we create an AdGuard account for you, the following information is sent to our servers:
Email address
OAuth provider name: Google/Facebook/Apple (only if it was used to register the account)
App identifier
App version
Why we need this information:
We need your email address to register an AdGuard account and log you in.
We need your app identifier to control the simultaneous use of multiple apps.
Logging in
When you log in to the app, your email address and the app version are sent to our servers. We need your email address to register an AdGuard account and log you in.
Subscribing to the AdGuard VPN newsletter
After you log in or sign up, you will be prompted to subscribe to the AdGuard VPN newsletter. If you agree, the app will notify the server to add you to the mailing list.
The first launch of the app
When you launch AdGuard VPN for iOS for the first time, the following information is sent to our servers:
App identifier
App version
Device OS: iOS
OS language
Apple AdServices Token
Why we need this information:
To monitor the number of simultaneous connections
To count the number of apps of a certain type and version
To communicate with you in your language
To integrate with Apple Search Ads
Using the app
AdGuard VPN periodically connects to our server to check the account status. The following information is sent:
Authorization token
App ID
App version
App language
App type
OS language
Connecting to the VPN server
When you click
Connect
, the app will send your authorization token to AdGuard servers. We need this information to check the account status and authorization on the VPN server.
Contacting support
You can send messages to support by tapping
Report a bug
or
Request a feature
.
When you submit a report, your email address is sent to our servers. The AdGuard VPN support team may use it for follow-up communication about the issue.
The following information is also included in the report:
Report type (
Bug report
or
Feature request
)
Email address
Authorization token
App identifier
App version
If you check the checkbox for
Send app logs and system info
, a 10 MB zip file with the following information will be sent to our servers:
App settings
Exclusion lists
License info
Currently used VPN server location
App logs
Device model
OS version
This detailed information is used by the support team to help solve more complicated problems.
Automatic crash reports
If you enable
Send anonymous crash reports
, the following data will be collected and stored if the app crashes:
App name, version, and build number
Versions of app libraries
Name of the crashed process
Type of environment where the crash occurred
Type of mechanism used to record the crash
OS and its version
Device name, model, and ID
User ID
This data will be sent to our servers along with the crash report the next time the app is launched.
We need this information to troubleshoot critical issues. It keeps us aware of new problems not reported by users.
Crash reports are stored only on our servers. We do not use any third-party services to collect and store crash reports. All crash reports are stored for 30 days.
Other documents:
EULA
Privacy policy
Privacy policy of AdGuard websites
Terms and conditions
Terms of sale
Data processing agreement
Privacy notices:
AdGuard VPN Browser Extension
AdGuard VPN for Android
AdGuard VPN for iOS
AdGuard VPN for Mac
AdGuard VPN for Windows
We use essential cookies only. No ads or trackers.
Privacy policy
I agree
Sub-policy 7
https://adguard-vpn.com/privacy/extension.html:
Page not found
The page you are looking for does not exist. Click below and start over!
Go to homepage