Spilt Screen
Privacy Policy
Spilt Screen
is an app that provides photo taking and editing services. This guideline will
explain how Spilt Screen will collect, use and store your personal information. We
will use this Privacy Policy to explain the relevant details, including the
following:
i
. We will describe the types of personal information
we collect and their corresponding use in order for you to understand how we
collect specific type of personal information for a particular function, the
reasons for its use and the methods of such collection.
ii. Whilst
using some features, we will collect your personal information after obtaining
your consent. Unless it is required by the relevant laws and regulations for
you to provide such information, refusing to provide such information will only
result in you're not being able to use the specific functions relating to such
information, but does not affect your normal use of other functions of Spilt Screen.
iii. At present, Spilt Screen will not actively share
or transfer your personal information to any third parties. Where the sharing
or transferring of your personal information arises in some other situations,
we will obtain your consent.
iv. At present, Spilt Screen will not actively obtain
your personal information from a third party. If there is a requirement to
obtain your personal information indirectly from a third party for future
business development purposes, we will clarify with you the source, type and
scope of such personal information. For example, if the specific development is
beyond the scope of what you originally agreed to provide to a third party, we
will obtain your prior express consent before processing your personal
information, and we will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations
and require that the third party guarantees the legitimacy of the information
provided.
For
more detailed information on the above, please refer to the relevant sections
in the following index
：
1.
How We
Collect Information
2.
How We Use
Information
3.
How We Share,
Transfer, Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
4.
Information storage & security
5.
Your Right
6.
Protection of
Minors
7.
Amendments
8.
Contact us
1. How We
Collect Information
In
the process of using Spilt Screen, Spilt Screen will, in accordance with the following ways,
collect information provided by your during the use of the services information
generated by the use of the service, in order to provide such services to you,
to optimize our services and protect your account security:
1.1.
Information that you provided or uploaded when you are using our services
When
you store data in Spilt Screen, subscribe Pro, feedback or take part in online
activities, we will collect your information including photos or videos you
stored, APPID, subscribe information, payment information and personal
information needed by activities. We will use this information to meet your
requirements, provide you with relevant products or services or achieve anti-fraud
purposes.
1.2. The
information we obtained when you are using our services
In
order to help you better use our products or services, we may collect and use
your relevant information when you are using Spilt Screen.
The
data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Spilt Screen, the
choices you make including your privacy settings and the products and features
you use. The data we collect can include the following’s/API/JS code version,
browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp,
application identifier, application version, application distribution channel,
independent device identifier, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), Android ad master
identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device
identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the
terminal device operating system version, the session start/stop time, the
location of the language, the time zone and the network state (Wi-Fi and so
on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc. The information you
provide will continue to be used by us during your use of the service.
2. How We Use
Information
Subject
to applicable laws and regulations or agreements with users, we may use the
collected information in the following ways.  If we use your information
for purposes beyond the following purposes, we will explain to you again and
ask for consent.
2.1. To
provide you with our services
We
use your personal information to provide and support the Service.  As part
of providing the Service we may send you service announcements, technical
notices, updates, security alerts and support-related messages through the
Service or by email.  We may also communicate with you in response to your
support requests, questions or feedback.
2.2. To meet
your personal need
We
use the information we collected to carry out internal data analysis and
research based on feature tags, and providing more accurate and personalized
services and content.
2.3. Product
development and optimization
We
use the information we collect to better understand your interests and the
Service, make improvements to the Service and to develop new features and
services. When our systems have malfunctions, we will record and analyze the
information generated when the system crashes, so as to further optimize our
services
2.4. To
ensure security
We
will use your information for identity authentication, safety precautions,
anti-fraud monitoring, storage and backup, customer safety service and other
applications.
2.5. Push
notifications
When
you use our services, we may send emails, text messages, news or push
notifications to you. You may follow the relevant notice to unsubscribe on the
device.
2.6. To
recommend ads, news etc. that you may be interested in to you.
2.7. To
evaluate and improve the effect of ads and other promotions in our services.
3. How We
Share, Transfer, Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
3.1. Share
We
will not share your personal information with any company, organization or
individual other than Spilt Screen, except:
(1) We
may share your personal information with your explicit consent: After granting
your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other
parties.
(2)
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations or the requirements of
government mandatory, we may share your personal information outside of Spilt Screen.
(3)
Share with our affiliates: We may share your personal data with our affiliates.
We only share the necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes
stated in this Privacy Policy. If affiliates want to change the purpose of
personal information processing, they will ask for your consent again
(4)
We may share your personal information with the authorized partners: For the
purpose stated in this policy, some of our services will be provided by the
authorized partners. We may share your personal information with our partners,
to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies
we've hired to provide data analytical services may need to collect and access
to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies
must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
3.2. Transfer
We
will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or
individual, except:
Transferring
with your explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we may
transfer your personal information to other parties
During
merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of personal
information is involved, we will require the new company or organization
holding your personal information to continue to be subject to this policy;
otherwise, we will ask the company or organization to seek for permission from
you.
3.3. Public
disclosure
We
will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following
circumstances:
(1)
When with your explicit consent.
(2)
When we need to disclosure based on legal requirements: As required by laws,
legal procedures, lawsuits or mandatory requirements of government authorities,
we may publicly disclose your personal information.
4.
Information storage & security
4.1. Where
Information is Stored
We
will act in accordance with laws and regulations and store personal information
collected within the territory in China.
4.2. The
Duration Storing Information
In
general, we will keep your personal information for the length of time needed
to fulfill any of the applicable purposes of use described in this Privacy
Policy; or to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In the event when we
cease our products or services, we will notify you in the forms of push
notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information within
a reasonable period of time.
4.3.
Information Security
We
use a variety of industry-standard technologies and procedures to help protect
your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. 
However, the security risk is inherent in all information technology. 
Thus, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.  If you believe the security of the
Service or your personal information has been compromised, contact us
immediately.
In
the case of information leakage or other incidents involving information
security, we will initiate contingency plans to prevent the wide spread of
security incidents and inform you in the form of push notifications and
announcements.
5. Your
Rights
In
accordance with China's relevant laws, regulations, standards, and common
practice in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the
following rights to your personal information:
You can delete your files and other data in Spilt Screen.
Please
understand that due to technical limitations, legal or regulatory requirements,
we may not be able to meet all your requests. We endeavor to respond to your
requests within a reasonable period of time.
6. Protection
of minors
We
place great importance in the protection of personal information of minors. If
you are a minor under the age of 18, according to the relevant laws and
regulations, your parents’ or legal guardian's written consent should be
obtained prior to you use of Spilt Screen service.
In
case we find that we have collected the personal information of minors without
the prior verifiable permission from their parents, we will manage to delete
the related data as soon as possible.
7. Amendments
We
may revise this Privacy Policy in due course. In the event where the terms of
this Privacy Policy are amended, we will show you amended Privacy Policy by way
of push notifications and/or pop-up windows when you log in or when the APP
version has been updated. Please note that we will follow the updated Privacy
Policy to collect, use and store your personal information only after you have
tapped on the consent button in the pop-up window.
8. Contact us
If
you have any other complaints
，
suggestions
，
or quarries regarding personal information of minors,
please contact us at lilyzhong19@gmail.com. We will review your queries as
soon as possible and respond within thirty days after verifying your identity.