We're sorry but website-re doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
English
한글
日本語
繁體中文
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are a legally binding agreement that governs “you” and “your” use of COOKAPPS.com and/or the games and applications offered by CookApps, Inc. and its affiliates (“COOKAPPS”) and accessed through third party web sites and mobile platforms (collectively, the “Service”). By using or accessing the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
Subject to your acceptance of these Terms, COOKAPPS grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable limited license to use and display the Service and related software (excluding source and object code) for your personal (or household) non-commercial use by any machine(s) of which you are the primary user. You agree not to use the Service for any other purpose, or to copy or distribute the content of the Service except as specifically allowed in this agreement.
COOKAPPS Reserves the right to change these Terms in any way and at any time. However, no amendment to these Terms shall apply to a dispute of which COOKAPPS had actual notice on the date of amendment.
Any modifications to these Terms will be posted on www.COOKAPPS.com or within the Service. You agree that you will periodically check www.COOKAPPS.com for updates to these Terms. You agree that you will be considered to have been given notice of any modifications once we post them to www.COOKAPPS.com and that your continued use of the Service after such notice shall be deemed an acceptance of any changes.
COOKAPPS reserves the right discontinue the Service or to change the content of the Service in any way and at any time, with or without notice to you, without liability.
You agree to be bound by any application, forum, or game specific rules published within the Service.
Your use of the Service is conditioned upon your compliance with these Terms and any use of the Service in violation of these Terms will be regarded as an infringement of COOKAPPS’s copyrights in and to the Service. COOKAPPS reserves the right to terminate your access to the service without notice if you violate these Terms.
Our services are not directed at children under the age of 13 (or under the age of 16 in European countries). Children are not permitted to use our Service, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from them. You must be at least 16 years old to access and/or use our website and/or games. If you are a minor over the age of 16, we recommend seeking consent from a parent or legal guardian before accessing and/or using our website or games. If you have not obtained permission from your parent(s) or guardian(s), you should not use our Service.
You may stop using our Service at any time and may request that we delete your Account at any time by following the instructions in our Privacy Policy. Unless applicable law requires otherwise, we are not required to provide refunds, benefits, or other compensation if you request deletion of your Account.
Unless otherwise specified in writing, all materials that are part of the Service are owned, controlled, or licensed by COOKAPPS and are protected by law from unauthorized use. The entire contents of the Service are copyrighted under the United States copyright laws and/or similar laws of other jurisdictions. COOKAPPS, the COOKAPPS logos, and all game names and logos are trademarks of COOKAPPS and may not be used without the express written permission of COOKAPPS.
You do not acquire any ownership rights by using the Service, downloading material from or uploading material to the Service, or by purchasing any Subscriptions, Virtual Currency, or Virtual Goods.
You agree not to copy, redistribute, publish or otherwise exploit material from the Service, except as expressly permitted herein, without the express prior written permission of COOKAPPS.
All comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions (“Ideas”) disclosed, submitted, or offered to COOKAPPS in connection with the use of the Service shall be the exclusive property of COOKAPPS. You agree that unless otherwise prohibited by law COOKAPPS may use, sell, exploit and disclose the Ideas in any manner, without restriction and without compensation to you.
The Service may include a virtual, in-game currency (“Virtual Currency”) including, but not limited to coins, cash, or points, that may be purchased from COOKAPPS for “real world” money if you are a legal adult in your country of residence. The Service may also include virtual, in-game digital items (“Virtual Goods”) that may be purchased from COOKAPPS for “real world” money or for Virtual Currency, as well as paid subscriptions for Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods (“Subscriptions”) that may be purchased for “real world” money. Regardless of the terminology used, Virtual Currency, Virtual Goods, and Subscriptions may never be redeemed for “real world” money, goods or other items of monetary value from COOKAPPS or any other party.
Payment for Subscriptions will be charged to your account at the point of purchase and for renewals will be taken within the 24 hours prior to the expiry of the then-current Subscription period. Your Subscription will automatically renew on a monthly-basis unless you turn off auto-renew via your platform settings at least 24 hours before the end of the then-current Subscription period. Subscriptions are linked to your platform account and cannot be transferred between platform accounts. You agree that sales of Subscriptions are final and that cancellation is not permitted during an active Subscription period.
Other than a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to make use of the Subscriptions and use the Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency within the Service, you have no right or title in or to any such Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency appearing or originating in the Service, or any other attributes associated with use of the Service or stored within the Service.
COOKAPPS has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Subscriptions, Virtual Currency, and/or Virtual Goods as it sees fit in its sole discretion, and COOKAPPS shall have no liability to you or anyone for the exercise of such rights. However, if you have an active Subscription such changes will only take effect following the end of the then-current Subscription period, at which date your Subscription will automatically terminate.
Transfers of Subscriptions, Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods are strictly prohibited except where explicitly authorized within the Service. Outside of the game, you may not buy or sell any Subscriptions, Virtual Currency, and/or Virtual Goods for “real world” money or otherwise exchange items for value. Any attempt to do so is in violation of these Terms and may result in a lifetime ban from the Service offered by COOKAPPS and possible legal action.
You agree that all sales of Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency are final. No refunds will be given, except in our sole and absolute discretion. Active Subscriptions cannot be cancelled during the Subscription period. All Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency are forfeited if your account is terminated or suspended for any reason, in COOKAPPS's sole and absolute discretion, or if COOKAPPS discontinues providing the Service.
The Service may invite you to chat or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums and other functionality and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute or broadcast content and materials to COOKAPPS and/or to or via the Service, including, without limitation, text, writings, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions or personally identifiable information or other material (collectively 'User Content'). Any material you transmit to COOKAPPS will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
You agree that your User Content is wholly original to you and you exclusively own the rights to your User Content, including the right to grant all of the rights and licenses in these Terms without COOKAPPS incurring any third party obligations or liability arising out of its exercise of the rights thereto granted herein by you.
You grant to COOKAPPS the unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual fully-paid and royalty-free right and license to host, use, copy, distribute, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, sublicense, display, perform, transmit, publish, broadcast, modify, make derivative works from, retitle, reformat, translate, archive, store, cache or otherwise exploit in any manner whatsoever, all or any portion of your User Content to which you have contributed, for any purpose whatsoever, in any and all formats; on or through any and all media, software, formula or medium now known or hereafter known; and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed and to advertise, market and promote same.
COOKAPPS has no obligation to monitor or enforce any intellectual property rights that may be associated with your User Content, but COOKAPPS does have the right to enforce such rights through any means it sees fit, including bringing and controlling actions on your behalf.
COOKAPPS has no obligation to accept, display, review, monitor, or maintain any User Content. We have the right to delete User Content from the Service without notice for any reason at any time. COOKAPPS may move, re-format, edit, alter, distort, remove or refuse to exploit User Content without notice to you and without liability; provided, however, that COOKAPPS reserves the right to treat User Content as content stored at the direction of users for which COOKAPPS will not exercise editorial control except to enforce the rights of third parties and the Content Restrictions set forth below when violations are brought to COOKAPPS's attention.
You acknowledge that you do not rely on COOKAPPS to monitor or edit the Service and that the Service may contain content which you find offensive and you hereby waive any objections you might have with respect to viewing such content.
You are granted a limited revocable license to post images of your personal avatar and/or screen shot from your account, of a puzzle or your in-game home for example, within the Service and any other materials that COOKAPPS specifically gives you notice may be posted on other web sites, on your own personal web site or on a third party web site that permits posting of content at the direction of users provided that such third party web site
is not commercially competitive to COOKAPPS,
does not criticize or injure COOKAPPS,
does not obtain any rights to such content other than a non-exclusive license to post it at your direction, and
does not charge for access to such content or associated products, services or advertising with such content, so long as the web site where the link resides, and all other locations to which such site links, comply with all applicable laws and do not in any way abuse, defame, stalk, threaten or violate the rights of privacy, publicity, intellectual property or other legal rights of others or, in any way, post, publish, distribute, disseminate or facilitate any inappropriate, infringing, defamatory, profane, indecent, obscene, illegal/unlawful or otherwise objectionable information, topic, name or other material (an “Authorized Web Site”). All of COOKAPPS's rights and remedies are expressly reserved, and COOKAPPS may revoke this limited license, in whole or in part, upon notice.
Conditions on Posting on Other Web Sites: Without limitation, the following terms and conditions apply to your posting of a copy of your avatar and/or screen shots on an Authorized Web Site:
You must a display a prominent link to the Service's homepage in connection with any of your use of Collaborative Content permitted hereunder, including, without limitation, in e-mails you are sending friends; and
You agree to include, and not remove or alter, COOKAPPS's trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights notices, as provided by COOKAPPS on the Service and within e-mail page(s), when displaying an avatar or images from a COOKAPPS game, and you agree to comply with usage guidelines that may be provided by COOKAPPS from time to time. You agree that all goodwill that arises in connection with your use of COOKAPPS's trademarks inures exclusively to COOKAPPS, and you agree not to challenge COOKAPPS's ownership or control of any COOKAPPS trademarks, nor use or adopt any trademarks that might be confusingly similar to such COOKAPPS trademarks.
As a condition of your use of and access to the Service, you agree to comply with these Usage Rules, which are provided as an example rather than as a limitation, and any application or game specific rules published within the Service.
You agree that your use of and conduct on the Service shall be lawful and your User Content will not:
include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference or physical handicap;
include profanity or any obscene, indecent, pornographic, sexual or otherwise objectionable content or language;
defame, libel, ridicule, mock, disparage, threaten, harass, intimidate or abuse anyone;
promote violence or describe how to perform a violent act
violate the contractual, personal, intellectual property or other rights of any party, or promote or constitute illegal activity; or
be in violation of these Terms or the game rules of conduct (collectively 'Content Restrictions').
You and your activities on the Service will not:
reveal any personal information about another individual, including another person's address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number or any information that may be used to track, contact or impersonate that individual;
attempt to impersonate any other party;
create user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses or mislead others as to the origins of your communications;
trick, defraud or mislead COOKAPPS and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as passwords;
make improper use of COOKAPPS’s support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct;
engage in any commercial activities, including, without limitation, any attempt to raise money for anyone or advertise or promote a product, service, website, pyramid scheme or other multi-tiered marketing scheme;
disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in COOKAPPS's opinion, COOKAPPS and/or the Service;
violate these Terms or any local, state, federal or international law, rule or regulation or any other requirements or restrictions posted by COOKAPPS on the Service;
disseminate or transmit viruses, worms, Trojan horses, RATs, keyboard loggers, time bombs, spyware, adware, cancelbots or any other malicious or invasive code or program;
upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text) that interferes with any party's uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Service and User Content or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation or maintenance of the Service, the User Content;
copy or adapt the Service’s software including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript or other code;
reverse engineer, decompile, reverse assemble, modify or attempt to discover any software (source code or object code) that the Service create to generate web pages or any software or other products or processes accessible through the Service;
upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including, without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats ('gifs'), 1x1 pixels, web bugs, cookies or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as 'spyware,' 'passive collection mechanisms' or 'pcms');
except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use or launch, develop or distribute any automated system, including, without limitation, any spider, robot (or 'bot'), cheat utility, scraper or offline reader that accesses the Service, or use or launch any unauthorized script or other software;
cover or obscure any notice, banner or advertisement on the Service;
disguise the source of your User Content or other information you submit to the Service or use tools which anonymize your internet protocol address (e.g. anonymous proxy) to access the Service;
interfere with or circumvent any security feature of the Service or any feature that restricts or enforces limitations on use of or access to the Service, Collaborative Content or the User Content;
sell the Service or any part thereof including but not limited to Subscriptions, Virtual Currency, Virtual Goods, user accounts and access to the aforementioned in exchange for real currency or items of monetary value; or
engage in cheating or any other activity deemed by COOKAPPS to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of the Service.
COOKAPPS does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in User Content portions of the Service or external sites that may be linked to or from the games or their forums and, therefore, COOKAPPS specifically disclaims any responsibility with regard thereto.
COOKAPPS respects the privacy of users of our Service. Information collected from you is subject to the pertinent social network’s policy. By making use of the Service, you may be granting your social network permission to share your e-mail address and any other personally identifiable information with COOKAPPS. Please see COOKAPPS’s Privacy Policy at www.COOKAPPS.com for more information on the collection and use of your information. You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy, including, but not limited to, the manner in which COOKAPPS collects, uses and discloses your personally identifiable information, is incorporated and made part of these Terms. If you do not agree to each and every part of COOKAPPS's Privacy Policy, then you should not make use of the Service or submit any personally identifiable information through the Service. Questions regarding privacy issues should be directed to privacy@COOKAPPS.com.
This Service is offered through various social networks. The Service is only available to persons who are registered members of the social network through which they access the Service and are in compliance with the policies or terms of use/service of that social network. In creating your account with a social network through which you will access the Service (“Account”), you agree to:
provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself (“Registration Data”); and
maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete.
Users that maintain more than one account on a social network may not access this Service from multiple accounts. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or COOKAPPS has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, COOKAPPS has the right to suspend or terminate your ability to participate in the Service and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). COOKAPPS reserves the right to terminate any Account that has been inactive for at least 180 consecutive days.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor and/or manage disputes between you and other users of the Service. If you have a dispute with other users, you release COOKAPPS and hereby agree to indemnify COOKAPPS from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND IS PROVIDED ON AN 'AS IS' BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE (EXCEPT ONLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO TERMS OF USE WITH ANY LEGALLY REQUIRED WARRANTY PERIOD TO THE SHORTER OF THIRTY DAYS FROM FIRST USE OR THE MINIMUM PERIOD REQUIRED). WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER COOKAPPS NOR ITS AFFILIATES OR SUBSIDIARIES, OR ANY OF THEIR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSEES OR LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, “COOKAPPS PARTIES”) WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED HEREIN APPLY TO ANY AND ALL DAMAGES OR INJURY WHATSOEVER CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE UNDER ANY CAUSE OR ACTION WHATSOEVER OF ANY JURISDICTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTIONS FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT AND THAT THE COOKAPPS PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE. YOU FURTHER SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE COOKAPPS PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE, AND YOU AGREE NOT TO SEEK TO HOLD THE COOKAPPS PARTIES LIABLE, FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICE AND OPERATORS OF EXTERNAL SITES, AND THAT THE RISK OF THE SERVICE AND EXTERNAL SITES AND OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE COOKAPPS PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID COOKAPPS IN THE NINETY (90) DAYS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the COOKAPPS Parties from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of your use of the Service and/or your breach or alleged breach of any term, condition, obligation, representation or warranty described in these Terms. You agree that the provisions in this paragraph will survive any termination of your account(s) or the Service.
This Agreement and all aspects of the Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Republic of Korea and governing contracts entered into and to be fully performed in the Republic of Korea Seoul Central District Court (i.e., without regard to conflict of laws provisions) regardless of your location. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to informal dispute resolution or arbitration (as set forth below), you agree not to commence or prosecute any action in connection therewith other than in the Republic of Korea Seoul Central District Court, and you hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniences with respect to, venue and jurisdiction in Seoul, Republic of Korea.
You acknowledge that the rights granted and obligations made hereunder to COOKAPPS are of a unique and irreplaceable nature, the loss of which shall irreparably harm COOKAPPS and which cannot be replaced by monetary damages alone so that COOKAPPS shall be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any bond or surety) in the event of any breach or anticipatory breach by you. You irrevocably waive all rights to seek injunctive or other equitable relief and agree to limit your claims to claims for monetary damages (if any).
Informal Negotiations. To expedite resolution and control the cost of any dispute, controversy or claim related to these Terms ('Dispute'), you and COOKAPPS agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly provided below) informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating any arbitration or court proceeding. Such informal negotiations commence upon written notice from one person to the other. You will send your notice to COOKAPPS Inc., ATTENTION: LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Binding Arbitration. If you and COOKAPPS are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, either you or COOKAPPS may elect to have the Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ABSENT THIS PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ('AAA') and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ('AAA Consumer Rules'), both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org. The determination of whether a Dispute is subject to arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and determined by a court rather than an arbitrator. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, COOKAPPS will pay all arbitration fees and expenses. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone or online. The arbitrator will make a decision in writing, but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, you and COOKAPPS may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
Restrictions. You and COOKAPPS agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between COOKAPPS and you individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (1) no arbitration shall be joined with any other; (2) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (3) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.
Exceptions to Informal Negotiations and Arbitration. You and COOKAPPS agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning informal negotiations and binding arbitration: (1) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of your or COOKAPPS’s intellectual property rights; (2) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or unauthorized use; and (3) any claim for injunctive relief.
The failure of COOKAPPS to require or enforce strict performance by you of any provision of these Terms or to exercise any right under them shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of COOKAPPS's right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other instance.
You and COOKAPPS agree that if any portion of these Terms, except any portion of section 12, is found illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other manner or jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions of the Terms, which shall continue to be in full force and effect. If Section 12 is found to be illegal or unenforceable then neither you nor COOKAPPS will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of Section 12 found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the Republic of Korea Seoul Central District Court, and you and COOKAPPS agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.
COOKAPPS operates and controls the Service from its offices in the Republic of Korea. COOKAPPS makes no representation that the Service is appropriate or available in other locations. The information provided on the Service is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject COOKAPPS to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. By downloading any software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of, any such country or on any such list. The parties specifically disclaim application of the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. These Terms are effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate these Terms by destroying all Service-related materials obtained from the Service, COOKAPPS or any other web site or source. The privileges granted to you under these Terms will terminate immediately and automatically without notice from COOKAPPS if, in our sole discretion, you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice will act to modify these Terms to any party at any time. You may not assign these Terms without COOKAPPS's prior written consent, whereas COOKAPPS may assign its rights and duties under these terms to any party at any time without notice to you. These Terms contain the entire understanding of you and COOKAPPS, and supersede all prior understandings of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof, and cannot be changed or modified by you except as posted on the Service by COOKAPPS. If any provision of these Terms is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the Terms will be deemed curtailed to the extent necessary to make it legal and enforceable and will remain, as modified, in full force and effect. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import. Upon COOKAPPS's request, you will furnish COOKAPPS any documentation, substantiation or releases necessary to verify your compliance with these Terms. You agree that these Terms will not be construed against COOKAPPS by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms.
You and COOKAPPS both agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service, Terms or Privacy Policy must be filed within ONE (1) YEAR after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
This Terms of Service was last updated on 1 June 2020.
CookApps, inc. and its affiliated entities (collectively, 'CookApps’ or 'we') respects the privacy rights of our online users and is committed to protecting the personal information collected about or provided by you. We have adopted this Online Privacy Policy ('Privacy Policy') to guide how we store, collect, manage and use the personal information you provided in connection with the Service.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected by CookApps through use of the App & Web Services on the following platforms(collectively, ‘platforms’ or ‘Serviced Platforms’): Facebook Web/Canvas Games, Facebook Pages, Apple iOS App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon App Store. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that may be collected offline. Moreover, this Privacy Policy applies to the Service, but not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may provide links. When you link to these websites, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We are therefore not responsible for the content or activities provided or created on such sites.
By using and accessing the Service provided by CookApps, you signify your acceptance to our Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change in this Privacy Policy and, if necessary, give you additional choices regarding such change. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of the Service will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Information Collected
In order to give you the best experience in use of the Service, CookApps may collect information about you from your account on serviced platforms, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us, in accordance with the policies and terms of the serviced platforms. Additionally, we may obtain information from you through your access and participation in message boards on the Service; your email of a question to our customer service desk; or your purchase of a virtual product of any type. Further, we may ask you for personal information (such as name or email address) if you choose to sign up for any particular Service we offer (such as a newsletter or reminder service). In all such cases, the information provided will not be disclosed to third parties and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with the Service.
The types of personal information collected in conjunction with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity. The requested information may include: (i) your name, (ii) mailing address, (iii) telephone number, (iv) email address, and, for those purchasing products or services online, credit card and billing information; and (v) information about the identity of your friends.
For some activities, CookApps may also ask you to provide other non-personal information such as: (i) your age or date of birth; (ii) your gender; (iii) your game and platform preferences; (iv) information about the hardware you may own and/or games you may have recently purchased; (v) your favorite quotes, websites, friend information and fan pages; and, (vi) other game-related information (collectively referred to as 'demographic information'). If demographic information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, CookApps may combine your demographic information with your personal information.
You may provide us with another person’s email address to invite that person to participate in the Service. CookApps may but is not obligated to use this information to contact the person to join the Service and in all events will do so only with your express permission.
Use of Information collected.
CookApps will only use the personal information collected from you or from the serviced platforms for the operation of the Service in accordance with the policies and terms of the serviced platforms. CookApps does not rent, lease, loan, sell, voluntarily distribute or redistribute your personal information to any unaffiliated third parties.
CookApps may use your email address or other personal information to send you a newsletter, marketing or advertising materials, or service announcements that tell you about updates to our Privacy Policy, changes in pricing, changes to our online service or customer service policies, and other related service changes. CookApps will not voluntarily disclose this personal information to unaffiliated third parties for any other purpose. Information collected either directly from you or from the Serviced Platforms is solely used in the operation of the Service. For example, personal and/or demographic information collected through one of the activities set forth above may be used for our internal demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online products and services we provide you and better meet your needs. Additionally, we may use information that we collected to ensure that someone who is cheating is excluded, and to enforce our rights under our Terms of Service.
No matter what method we use to collect information and no matter how we use that information, we will only collect the information deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your online requests and our legitimate business objectives, and such information will not be provided to any third parties.
Consistent with CookApps’ Copyright and Intellectual Property Policy and in its sole discretion, we reserve the right to remove any of your personal information or content from the Service if we receive a notice of intellectual property infringement or other complaint.
Retention and use period of personal information
In principle, after the purpose of collecting and using personal information is achieved, the information is destroyed without delay. (However, the company retains personal information for 15 days after requesting membership withdrawal to minimize damage caused by account theft.)
In addition, if it is necessary to keep information for a certain period of time according to the provisions of related laws, the company will keep personal information separately according to the provisions of laws and regulations during this period and will never use this information for any other purpose.
- Records on display/advertising: 6 months (Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.)
- Records on contract or withdrawal of subscription: 5 years (Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.)
- Records on payment and supply of goods: 5 years (Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.)
- Records on consumer complaints or dispute handling: 3 years (Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.)
- Records on website visits: 3 months (Communications Secret Protection Act)
Personal information destruction procedure and method
(1) The company destroys the personal information without delay when the personal information becomes unnecessary, such as the expiration of the personal information retention period and the achievement of the purpose of processing.
(2) When the company receives personal information from a third party, it notifies the contents and has the right to request suspension of personal information processing in accordance with “Article 37 of the Personal Information Protection Act”.
However, if you stop processing personal information, you cannot use the company's services.
Suspension of processing of personal data may be requested via support@cookapps.com. In addition, personal information provided through the separate consent of the information subject is destroyed without delay when the consented retention period has elapsed or the purpose of use has been achieved.
(3) The procedure and method of destroying personal information are as follows.
1) Destruction procedure: The information entered by the user for membership registration, etc. is destroyed after the purpose has been achieved (after a 15-day grace period when applying for withdrawal), in accordance with internal policies and other reasons for information protection pursuant to relevant laws (see retention and use period) ) After being stored for a certain period of time, it is destroyed.
2) Destruction method: Personal information recorded and stored in electronic file form is destroyed so that the record cannot be reproduced, and personal information recorded and stored on paper is shredded with a shredder or destroyed by incineration.
Data Subjects’ Rights
Data Subjects’ Rights in European Countries
If you are a player or user located in the European Countries, you have the following rights with respect to your information:
You can access or request deletion of your information by submitting a request through the Contact Us link within our Applications or directly send us an email to our support team at support@cookapps.com;
You can correct or update your information through the settings within our Applications or directly send us an email to our support team at support@cookapps.com;
You may object to processing of your information;
You may ask us to restrict processing of your information;
You may request portability of your information through the Contact Us link within any of our Applications or directly send us an email to our support team at support@cookapps.com;
You can opt-in or opt-out of marketing communications we send you by following the instructions;
If we have collected and processed your information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time through the settings within our Applications or by requesting this change through the Contact Us link within our Applications or directly send us an email to our support team at support@cookapps.com. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent; or
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your information which is to be in COOKAPPS’s case – e.g. ‘Korean Personal Information Protection Commission’.
Accessing and Deleting Personal Information held by COOKAPPS
You can request a copy of or deletion of your game account data by submitting a request through the Application itself or through our support. To review and update personal data in certain games, visit “settings” within that Applications. We will keep certain records where we need to, such as for legal or accounting purposes. We will also keep data in order to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.
Warning Note about Message Boards
Note that whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on our message board, that information can be collected and used by people you do not know. While we strive to protect those who wish to participate in these activities, we cannot guarantee the security and privacy of any information that you post in these areas and you acknowledge this fact.
Other Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Privacy Policy, we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.
In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to CookApps’ successor or assign, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
We may also share aggregate information about our visitors to our Service. For example, we may say a particular game title's audience is X% female and Y% male. This data is used to customize the content and advertising of our Service to deliver better experience for our visitors. It can also help to tailor our products and services to meet the needs of our customers.
We may send to your web browser, directly or in directly, advertisements you see when you visit our Service. However, we may allow other companies, called third party ad servers, to serve advertisements within our Service. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities of, these other companies. If you want to prevent a third party ad server from sending or reading cookies on your computer, you must visit the company's web sites individually and opt-out.
Not Providing Information
If you choose not to submit personal information when requested, you may not be able to use many of the features offered the Service.
Passive Means of Information Collection (Cookies, IP addresses, etc.)
Cookies
We may use cookies in the operation of the Service. A 'cookie' is a small bit of record-keeping information that sites often store on a user's computer. Cookies are typically used to quickly identify a user's computer and to 'remember' things about the user's visit. For example, we may use cookies to keep track of your preferences and your username and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for this purpose. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer, although this may affect your ability to use many of the features of the Service.
IP Addresses
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. Although we do not generally collect IP addresses, we may collect and use your IP address when we feel it is necessary to protect our service, websites, customers, or others.
If you use the Service, we may collect other unique numbers associated with a computer's identity on a network.
Log Files
Other information that may be passively collected by CookApps is in the form of logs - files that record website activity, including how many 'hits' a particular web page is getting (a.k.a. 'navigational data'). These entries are generated anonymously, and enable us to gather statistics about users' browsing habits, assess overall website activity, track interest in advertised sales, and maintain website security. We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you. Log files are used internally only, and may be combined with data collected via cookies to help us aggregate behavior patterns of registered users.
Privacy Policy and Third Party Web Sites, Links, Advertisements and Services
You should be aware that while you are using our Service, you may be directed to other sites that are beyond our control and for which we are not responsible. Additionally, third parties provide advertisements and offer other products and services to you when you are using our Service, which may receive your IP address or other technology such as cookies, web beacons and the like. By using the Service, you consent to such use by third parties of your personal information, which is subject to the privacy policies of these third parties.
You should consult the privacy policies of these third parties for more detailed information.
Privacy Rights
Ask a Question about Privacy Policy
In order to protect customers' personal information and handle complaints related to personal information, the company appoints the person in charge of personal information protection as follows.
Data Protection Officer
Name: Sungmin Park
Phone number: 070-8828-8862
Email: cookapps.data@cookapps.com
Users can report all personal information protection-related complaints that occur while using the company's services to the person in charge of personal information protection. The company will provide prompt and sufficient answers to users' reports.
If you need to report or consult about other personal information infringement, please contact the organizations below.
1. Personal Information Infringement Report Center (privacy.kisa.or.kr / ☎ 118 without an area code)
2. Cyber Investigation Division, Supreme Prosecutors' Office (spo.go.kr / ☎ 1301 without area code)
3. National Police Agency Cyber Crime Reporting System (ecrm.cyber.go.kr / ☎ 182 without an area code)
4. Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee (kopico.go.kr / ☎ 1833-6972 without an area code)
Our Policies Concerning Children
Our services are not directed at children under the age of 13 (or under the age of 16 for children in European countries). Children are not permitted to use these Services, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from them. For games that are not directed at children but nonetheless may appeal to them, we take additional steps to limit access to these Services based on the user’s age.
If you are a child, please ask your parent(s) or guardian(s) for permission before using or playing on the Service. If you have not obtained permission from your parent(s) or guardian(s), you should not use our Service. No user under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we find out that we have collected personal data about a child under the age of 13, we will delete the data as quickly as possible.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 (or under 16 in certain jurisdictions in the European Union) who uses our game, and if you also have any concerns regarding the service, or wish to review information collected from your child, or wish to have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us at
support@cookapps.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 21 Dec 2022.