Privacy Statement
Overview:
Welcome
Content
Advertising
Processing for Journalistic Purposes
Mobile Apps
Your Rights under Data Protection
Your Data
Changes to this Information
Contact the Data Protection Office
Welcome
Below you will find the Privacy Policy pertaining to our sites and services available in the Republic of Ireland (Mediahuis Ireland) and Northern Ireland (Mediahuis UK). Mediahuis Ireland and Mediahuis UK form part of the bigger Mediahuis Group. Here is an overview of the
Mediahuis entities and domains
outside of the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland (UK).
When visiting a Mediahuis Ireland or Mediahuis UK (hereinafter “Mediahuis”) site or using one of our services, you are trusting us with your information. We know that this is a big responsibility, and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
At Mediahuis we seek to maintain the privacy, accuracy, and confidentiality of all data (including your personal data) that we collect and use as part of our services. We will use your personal data only for the purposes described below and in full compliance with the GDPR Data Protection Legislation. The purpose of this privacy statement is to explain how Mediahuis, in its capacity as a Data Controller, collects and uses your personal information.
As Ireland’s largest media company, Mediahuis reaches millions of people each week across print and online. Mediahuis is a group of companies that has several online sites and services in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland (UK).
In Ireland,
such online sites and services are:
ie
reachstationery.ie
Irish Independent-
independent.ie
reachstationery.co.uk
https://www.reachhomedelivery.ie/
reachgroup.ie
Irelands Own
reachgroup.co.uk
https://www.irelandsown.ie/
reachmerchandising.ie
https://www.newspread.ie/
Sunday World
reachretailservices.ie
Regional Titles
reachretailservices.co.uk
https://www.sundayworld.com/
www.reach-delpac.ie
List of our
Regional Titles
:
In the
Northern Ireland (UK),
our online sites and services including:
co.uk
Sunday World
Sunday Life
Other sites
in the Mediahuis Ireland and Mediahuis UK Group have their own Privacy Statements:
belfast.telegraph.co.uk
Ulster Business
com
Belfast Telegraph Travel site
Co.uk
ie
Mediahuis Ireland and Mediahuis UK provide a range of services through our sites. We describe these in detail in this statement but basically, we provide services under the following broad headings:
Content:
We provide the content that you view on our sites, and often fund the creation of this content by allowing advertisers to present you with relevant ads. You may choose to opt out of these personalised advertising services by means which we describe in the Advertising section.
Registrations:
Certain services are only available to registered users. For example, some of our newsletters, some of our competitions and access to certain selected articles. We make registering for these services as easy as possible, enabling you to use Social Login providers such as Facebook and Google.
Subscriptions:
Mediahuis makes certain services available through subscriptions. For example, the Irish Independent is available as an ePaper subscription
here
and our home and corporate delivery options are available via our
Reach Home Delivery
. The Belfast Telegraph is available in both print and e-paper subscription offerings
here
. Other Mediahuis titles and owned services (such as
Newspread
or Reach Services) are available elsewhere on our sites through other subscriptions.
Site Function:
We use analytics providers in order for us to understand our audience, the content that appeals to them and how well our site is working. We also provide tools from the major social networks (Twitter, Facebook etc.) to allow you to share content from our site.
Customer Matching:
Mediahuis Ireland utilises “Customer Match” facility for both
Google
and
Facebook
to target ads to registered users. This involves sharing hashed data already supplied by the user with approved third parties to create a more customer specific experience in terms of content and advertised products.
Mobile Apps and other channels:
We also provide our content through a variety of other channels including apps, Twitter, Facebook etc. The services and content that we offer through these channels may differ and we provide details of how best to manage them. Platforms such as Facebook have their own privacy controls and you should frequently review your privacy settings there.
By using this Site and by disclosing your Data to us, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, use and disclosure of your Data by us as described in this Privacy Statement.
When you visit our sites or use our services in any way we may collect and process different types of information about you.
We have set out below the different types of data that we process, why and how we process it.
Content
Our stories and our audience are the key to everything we do here at Mediahuis. We fund our online journalism in part through advertising.
Advertising
Third-party vendors, including Google, display advertising on our site and services. Some of the ads you see are targeted based on interests that have been inferred from the type of content you view when visiting our site and other sites. This type of behavioural advertising is targeted towards groups of users in an aggregated manner. Such online advertising helps support the content, products and services we provide.
Our
cookie policy
provides links to manage your settings with these ad providers.
Ad Blocking:
We provide an ability for you to set your privacy preferences on all modern browsers. However, some older browsers do not support the technology required to deliver this privacy service. We suggest that you should always update your browser to the latest recommended version to ensure that you benefit from all security and privacy benefits
Since advertising plays a key role in supporting our journalism, our websites use ad block detection technology to detect the use of ad blocking software in your browser. It does not collect, store or process any personal information but asks you to turn the blocking software off.
Processing For Journalistic Purposes
As a news publishing organisation, Mediahuis Ireland and Mediahuis UK processes personal data for the purpose of exercising the right to freedom of expression and information and for journalistic purposes. It is recognised that this is in the public interest.
We may process your personal information for journalistic purposes where you submit content to be published online and in our printed publications
Where you have voluntarily contributed your experience to us and we publish this information
If we publish a letter you have written to the Editor
If you participate in one of our surveys or polls
It is important to understand that certain rights which you have in relation to your personal information, including the right to erasure, may not apply where that data is processed for journalistic purposes.
REGISTRATION
Certain services are only available to registered users. Examples of these are newsletters, competitions, and access to certain selected articles. We make registering for these services as easy as possible, enabling you to use Social Login providers such as Facebook and Google.
Sign up
When you sign up or register with Mediahuis to avail of a service we collect only the information needed to provide that service.
What we process:
Personal Identifier– we collect an identifier such as your email address or social login.
Password – we collect a password to ensure that your data is kept safely on our systems and that other users cannot access your personal data.
Optional social information – we collect basic social profile information such as the photo provided that you have agreed to share this with us. This is described elsewhere on this page in the Social Sign-Up section.
Contact information-such as Phone Number, Address, Eircode.
Your Year of Birth, Your Occupation and Salutation.
Why we process this data
:
The legal basis for processing this data is Legitimate Interest to enable us to deliver registration services that you have consented to. The personal identifier allows us to recognise you when you come to our site or service. This enables us to provide you with the service that you signed up for. For example, access to special articles, viewing your newsletter preferences etc. Details of these specific services are provided elsewhere on this page.
Who has access:
Customer registration identity information is only ever accessible to Mediahuis employees though sometimes aggregated statistics about usage may be made available to others. For example, we might state to the market that we have a certain number of registered users who access our titles in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Access may be granted to our registration system provider in order to resolve problems but only under the strictest governance by Mediahuis. We ensure that our registration provider, adheres to the highest standards of data protection and privacy. Your data may also be shared with a 3rd party if you choose to avail of a service from that 3rd party but only with your consent.
Delete My Account and associated data:
If you wish to delete your Irish Independent- Independent.ie account and all associated personal data (as defined under GDPR, Article 4), please email
accountdeletionrequests@mediahuis.ie
and request that your account is deleted. Or submit a request via our
secure Privacy Portal.
Social Sign Up
We also provide the ability to sign up or sign in using social login services such as Google,
Apple
and Facebook. It is a faster way to log in and saves you the pressure of having to create and remember countless different usernames and passwords.
What we process:
Google Login: If you register through Google, you grant permission to Google to share basic data from your Google account with us, like your name, email address, and profile picture.
Facebook Login: If you register through Facebook, you grant permission to Facebook to share your user details with us. This will include your name, email address, date of birth and location. You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile.
Apple Sign in:
If you register through Apple, you grant permission to Apple to share your basic data from your Apple account with us. Data collection is limited to the user’s name and email address, and Apple’s private email relay.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is to enable us to deliver services that you have consented to receive. The personal identifier allows us to recognise you when you come to our site or service and provide you with the service that you signed up for. For example, access to special articles, viewing your mail preferences etc. Details of these specific services are provided elsewhere on this page.
Who has access
:
You are always in control of what data we can access, and you can change this through your Google,
Apple
or Facebook account preferences. We never have access to your Google or Facebook account or password.
Delete My Account:
If you remove Irish Independent- Independent.ie (Mediahuis.ie) or Belfasttelegraph.co.uk (Mediahuis.co.uk) from your Google Settings, Apple or Facebook Settings we will no longer have access to the information you previously chose to share with us. Similarly, you can delete the Google, Apple or Facebook account that you used to sign in to the Independent.ie (Mediahuis.ie) or Belfasttelegraph.co.uk (Mediahuis.co.uk) in the “My Account” page. If you wish to delete your account entirely please request same via our
secure Privacy Portal.
What we process:
Registration & login data as described in the Sign-Up and Social Sign-Up Sections.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is to enable us to deliver services that you have consented to receive. This registration data allows us to provide you with access to various Mediahuis sites with as little hassle as possible. It also allows us to understand which of these services are of interest to you so that we can provide you with a better service.
Who has access:
Customer registration identity information is only ever accessible to Mediahuis employees. Sometimes aggregated statistics about usage may be made available to others. For example, we might state that we have a certain number of registered users who access Indpendent.ie or the Belfasttelegraph.co.uk. Access may be granted to our registration system provider in order to resolve problems but only under the strictest governance by Mediahuis. We ensure that our registration provider, adheres to the highest standards of data protection and privacy.
Newsletters
All readers who register, dependent on what title or service they register for, as part of their registration or service they may receive certain newsletters. Those that register for the Irish Independent, will receive the Daily Digest/Irish Local News newsletters seven days a week. These newsletters are a selection of our latest stories delivered each morning. Readers can unsubscribe at any time, by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter or going to ‘My Account’.
For readers who register with the Belfast Telegraph, as part of their registration will receive the Daily Headlines newsletter and the Evening Newsletter every day, Monday to Sunday. The Daily Headlines are a selection of our latest stories delivered to your inbox in the morning and occasionally also in the afternoon. The Evening Newsletter delivers a selection of our latest stories each evening. Readers can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter or going to ‘My Account’.
From time to time these newsletters may change dependent on the title/service it is connected with and such changes may be communicated to you directly and will be reflected in our Privacy Statements.
We also offer to our readers the ability to sign up to a variety of newsletters across our different sites and services. When you sign up for newsletters, we collect information to enable us to deliver the newsletter and to tell us what content you are interested in.
What we process:
Identity data – your email address and name
Newsletter Interest – which newsletters you wish to receive.
Interaction data – newsletters that you open and the links you follow in the newsletter
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is consent and/or contract, so as to enable us to deliver the newsletters that you have consented to receive or forms part of your contracted service. This identity and interest data help us deliver the relevant newsletters. The interaction data allows us to understand which parts of the newsletter and which content interest you to enable us to improve the service that we deliver to you.
Who has access:
Only Mediahuis employees will have access to this data through our email and customer identity systems. Access may be granted to third parties such as our email campaign provider in order to resolve problems sending emails etc. but only under the strictest governance by Mediahuis. We ensure that our email campaign provider adheres to the highest standards of data protection and privacy
Competitions
When you enter a competition on any Mediahuis site or Mediahuis owned site such
Newspread.ie
, Reach Services,
Reach Home Delivery
,
Schools.independent.ie
or
Ireland’s Own
or through a Mediahuis publication such as but not limited to the Irish Independent, Belfast Telegraph or the Sunday World we may collect data about you or your entry in order to manage the competition and enable us to deliver the prize to you if you are lucky enough to win.
Entering a competition
: When you enter a competition, we need to process your entry.
What we process:
Identity data- including name, address, phone number, email
Data about entry
–
including date of entry, device used etc.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is legitimate interest. In order to decide the competition winner, it is necessary for us to process your entry. This data is required to enable Mediahuis to contact winners and manage the competition.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by Mediahuis employees and systems, and subcontracted service providers for the sole purpose of managing the competition. The only exception to this is where a 3rd party is sponsoring the competition and requests to get access to your information. Information will only be shared with this 3rd party with your consent, and this will be made clear to you before submitting your competition entry to ensure that you have full control of who sees your data.
Delete my competition entries:
If you wish to delete any competition entries that you have made please make your request via our Secure Privacy Portal  by clicking the following link:
Data Subject Request Form
and request that you wish to have your competition entries deleted.
Winning a competition
: If you are lucky enough to win a competition, then we need to contact you to ensure delivery of your prize and know where to send it.
What we process:
Identity data- including name, address, phone number, email
Data about entry
–
including date of entry, device used etc.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is our contract with the winner to deliver the prize to them. This data is required to enable Mediahuis to contact winners and deliver the prize to them.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by Mediahuis employees and systems, and sub contracted service providers for the sole purpose of delivering the prize to the winner. When a 3rd party is sponsoring the competition and providing the prize it is necessary to provide them with the winner’s personal data in order to enable them to deliver the prize to the winner.
The only exception to this is where a 3rd party is sponsoring the competition and requests to get access to your information. Information will only be shared with this 3rd party with your consent, and this will be made clear to you before submitting your competition entry to ensure that you have full control of who sees your data.
Delete my competition entries:
If you wish to delete any competition that you have made, please do so via our secure privacy portal by clicking the following link:
Data Subject Request Form.
For further information, please refer to our competition T&Cs found
here
.
Q
uizzes, Surveys and Polls
When you enter a quiz or answer a poll or survey on any Mediahuis site/Mediahuis owned site such
Newspread.ie
, Reach Services,
Reach Home Delivery
,
Schools.independent.ie
or
Ireland’s Own
we collect data about you and your response.
What we process:
Identity data- online identifier such as IP address
Quiz, Poll & Survey Data-
data you provide in your response to the poll or survey
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is your consent for us to process your response to the poll or survey that you have entered. This data is required to enable Mediahuis to display the results of the poll or survey. No poll data is ever associated with your email or other personal identifier. We do record whether you have interacted with the poll or survey to ensure that duplicate entries are not counted but this is linked to your browser or device and never contains information on your poll response.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by both Mediahuis employees and systems, sub contracted service providers for the sole purpose of managing the quiz, survey or poll. The only exception to this is where a 3rd party is running or sponsoring the quiz, survey or poll. This will be made clear to you, along with what happens to your data before submitting your entry to ensure that you have full control of who sees your data.
Delete my quiz, survey or poll entries:
If you wish to delete any quiz, survey or poll entries that you have made on Indpendent.ie, please make your request via our secure privacy portal by clicking the following link:
Data Subject Request Form.
Classified Ads/Memoriam Notices:
By placing a classified ad or a memoriam notice via the YourAdNow portal, we collect data about you and any third parties named. This data is strictly necessary for the performance of the site.
What we process:
Identity data – your email address, name, phone number.
Registration & login data as described in the Sign-Up and Social Sign-Up Sections.
Transaction data- Payment details
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is legitimate interest, in order for us to provide the service to you, we must process the required data.
By placing a classified ad or a memoriam notice to any of our Titles, through the Your Ad Now Portal, you are considered a Controller of the data shared and Mediahuis Ireland are considered the Processor. By accepting the terms and conditions and posting ad or memoriam, you agree that you are responsible for the data privacy of any third parties named.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by both Mediahuis employees and systems and sub contracted service providers for the sole purpose of managing the portal and facilitating your advert.
Award Nominations
When you submit a nomination for one of our awards on an Mediahuis site we may collect data about you or your entry in order to facilitate judging, contact the shortlist, appoint a winner, showcase winning entries at the event and create follow-up media coverage of the event in print and online, and if the event is televised, on TV. Winners’ data will be stored for 12 months after the awards for purposes of publicising the following year’s event.
Entering an award
: When you enter one of our awards, we need to process your entry.
What we process:
Identity data- including name, address, organisation name, phone number, email.
Data about entry- including entry, date of entry, device used, etc.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is legitimate interest. In order to decide the award winner, it is necessary for us to process your entry. This data is required to enable Mediahuis to contact nominees and manage the awards.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by Mediahuis employees and systems, and sub contracted service providers for the sole purpose of managing the competition. Information provided to judging panels will be anonymised. The only exception to this is where a 3rd party is sponsoring the awards and requests to get access to your information. Information will only be shared with this 3rd party with your consent and this will be made clear to you before submitting your entry to ensure that you have full control of who sees your data.
Delete my award entries:
If you wish to delete any award entries that you have made please email
data.protection@mediahuis.ie
and request that you wish to have your entries deleted.
Being shortlisted or winning an award
: If you are lucky enough to be shortlisted or win an award, then we need to contact you to ensure that you are available for the ceremony and promotional activities. We may ask for your consent to share your personal data with another media partner.
What we process:
Identity data- including winner’s name, address, phone number, email
Data about entry- including entry, date of entry, device used etc.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is our contract with the entrant to put forward their submission for consideration in our awards. This data is required to enable Mediahuis to contact shortlisted parties/winners and arrange for them to attend awards ceremonies and partake in associated promotional activity.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by Mediahuis employees and systems, and sub-contracted service providers for the sole purpose of arranging attendance at the awards and associated promotional activity. We may ask for your consent to share your personal data with another media partner to facilitate interviews and video coverage. Information will only be shared with this 3rd party with your consent, and this will be made clear to you before submitting your entry and when we contact you to let you know you have been shortlisted to ensure that you have full control of who sees your data.
Delete my award entries:
If you wish to delete any award entries that you have made, please make your request via our secure privacy portal by clicking the following link
: Data Subject Request Form.
Subscriptions
Mediahuis makes certain services available through subscriptions. For example, the Irish Independent is available as an ePaper subscription
here
. Other Mediahuis titles are available elsewhere on our sites through other subscriptions.
Site Function
We use analytics providers for us to understand our audience, the content that appeals to them and how well our site is working. We also provide tools from the major social networks (Twitter, Facebook etc.) to allow you to share content from our site.
Analytics
Analytics tools allow us to understand how our audience interacts with our site and our content and enables us to provide a better service to our site visitors. We do not collect or process any personal information in our analytics platform.
What we process:
Your IP Address-
In Order To Track Your Activity On Our Site We Process Your IP Address
Anonymous Data About Your Device
–
Your Operating System (E.G. Ios11), Device Type (E.G. Tablet)
Anonymous Aggregated Demographics
– For Example Your Current City And Other Anonymous Data.
Anonymous Data About Your Browsing-
Stories You Read, Types Of Content Consumed And Browsing Patterns.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is the legitimate interests of Mediahuis to manage and optimise the running of our site and its content.
This data helps us optimise the way the site is structured and how content is arranged on the site. It also allows us to show interested parties how many people access the different parts of our site and on average how often they visit. This allows understanding of how many people look at our content at different times of the day etc. These statistics are always calculated on an aggregated basis – never individually. We use the data for future marketing and personalised Advertisement.
(
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409?hl=en-GB&utm_id=ad
)
.
Who has access:
Anonymised versions of the data are hosted on Google Analytics platform. At no point do we have access to personally identifiable information through Google Analytics.
Stop being tracked:
These analytics tools run on most sites across the web. If you wish to opt out of analytics tracking you must do so on these 3rd party sites or by changing your browser settings. Click on a link below to see the privacy policy and
manage your consent across the web
for each cookie type:
Google Analytics
Hotjar
Google Advertising- Audience Pixel)
Further information can be found in our
cookie policy
.
Social Sharing
Our website and mobile applications use interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others.
If you choose to like or share information from our sites through these services, you should review the privacy statement of that service. If you are a member of a social media site and logged in, the interfaces configured on our Services allow the social media site to connect your site visit and browsing behaviour to the personal data held on your social media site. Mediahuis can use this information on an aggregate basis to place ads that are based on your interests on these social media sites. These practices are governed by the privacy statements of these social networking sites and you are advised to review these separately.
Where links are provided on the site to other websites, Mediahuis bears no responsibility for such sites. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.
Where links are provided to websites that process your data. Mediahuis will not be privy to any processing that occurs and accepts no responsibility in relation to the processing of your data by these third parties.
Mobile Apps
The following sections refer exclusively to content on Mobile Apps.
Mobile App Analytics
We do not collect process or store any personal information on our apps. However, we do collect anonymous browsing and analytics data.
What we process:
IP addresses- IP addresses make the connection between your device and the website and app pages you visit.
Anonymous data about your device – your operating system (e.g. iOS11), device type (e.g. tablet), city and other anonymous demographic data.
Anonymous data about your browsing- stories you read, types of content consumed and browsing patterns.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is the legitimate interests of Mediahuis namely to manage and optimise the running of our site and apps and their content. IP addresses are used solely to distinguish between individuals visiting our site. IP addresses are never used to personally identify an individual and never combined with other registration data. This analytics data helps us optimise the way our content is structured and how content is arranged on our sites and apps to provide a better service to you.
Who has access:
Anonymised versions of your browsing data are hosted on Google Analytics platform. Only Mediahuis employees or our analytics partners have access to this information.
Push Notifications
We use push notifications to inform you about breaking news, live event coverage and other top stories on our apps. We do not process any personal information and cannot establish the identity of the users who have subscribed to receive these notifications. You may receive these notifications based on your location, operating device and/or interests that are derived from your use of our Services.
You can control your push notification and location settings directly on your mobile device. It should be noted that iOS devices operate based on opting-in to push notifications whereas Android devices operate on the basis of opting out. If you wish to use this feature you will be asked to specifically consent to your data being used for this purpose. This is recorded in your phone’s notification settings. You can at any time turn off push notifications from us in your phone settings if you do not wish to receive further push notifications from us.
Your Rights Under Data Protection Law
You have several rights under data-protection law in relation to the personal information that Mediahuis holds about you. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will consider your request and provide a response within one month. These rights are described in detail on the Data Commissioner’s Website and summarised below:
Right of Access:
You are entitled to have access to your personal data which we hold (this is more commonly known as submitting a “data subject access request”). Typically, there is no fee for this, however, we have the right to apply a reasonable fee in exceptional circumstances.
Right of Portability:
You can request a copy of the personal information we hold about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and if technically feasible, have your personal information transmitted to another data controller in a machine-readable format.
Right to rectify:
If it is found that personal data is inaccurate, you are entitled to have the inaccurate data removed, corrected or completed, as appropriate.
Right to withdraw consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent to any future processing for which you have previously given that consent.
Right to Erasure:
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled, on certain grounds, to have your personal data erased (also known as the “right to be forgotten”).
Right to Restriction:
Restrict processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
Right to object to processing:
You are entitled to object to our use of your personal information for our legitimate interests, for profiling and for direct marketing purposes.
Rights relating to automated decision-making including profiling:
You are entitled to not be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing where that decision produces a legal effect on you or otherwise significantly affects you. We do not make automated decisions of this nature
Right to complain:
You are entitled to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner if you have concerns about how we process your personal data.
You can complain directly to:
The Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois by telephone at +353 1890 25 2231 and/or by email to info@dataprotection.ie.
You can also make a complaint directly to the relevant data protection authorities in the country where you are ordinarily resident. For example, in the UK you can also complain directly to the ICO at
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
or call their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
How To Exercise Your Rights
Requests for information or to exercise these rights should be made to the Mediahuis Data Protection Office via our
Data Subject Request Form
housed on our secure privacy portal. Alternatively, you can also make your request:
by email to
data.protection@mediahuis.ie
by post to the Mediahuis Data Protection Office, 27-32 Talbot St, Dublin 1, Ireland.
If possible, you should specify the type of information you would like to see to ensure that we meet your expectations. We must be able to verify your identity in order to ensure the safety of your data. Your request may not affect the rights and freedoms of others, e.g., privacy and confidentiality rights of other individuals and/or businesses.
Limitations to These Rights
These rights are in some circumstances limited by data-protection legislation. You may have various rights under Data Protection Legislation. However, in certain circumstances, these rights may be restricted (Article 23 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is transposed into UK law by the Data Protection Act 2018 sets out the circumstances in which your rights may be restricted). Also, the personal information that is processed as part of Mediahuis’ journalistic work may be exempt under Art 85 of the GDPR. These rights are in some circumstances limited by Data Protection legislation. You may have various rights under Data Protection legislation. However, in certain circumstances these rights may be restricted by Data Protection legislation. Also, the personal information that is processed as part of Mediahuis’ journalistic work may be exempt under Art. 85 of the GDPR and Section 43 of the Data Protection Act 2018.
Your rights may be restricted where this is necessary:
for the prevention, detection, investigation, and prosecution of criminal offences; and/or
in the interest of freedom of expression and/or information; and/or
in compliance with a legal obligation such as a court order and/or
in contemplation of or for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim or legal proceedings (whether before a court, tribunal, statutory body or an administrative or out-of-court procedure).
Your Data
The following sections describe how we manage, secure and control access to your data and under what circumstances we disclose data to others.
Retention of Your Data
To make sure we meet our legal Data Protection and Privacy obligations, where you are an account holder, we will retain your information for at least as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our legal interests and enforce our agreements.
If you ask for your account to be closed, we will do this as soon as is reasonably possible subject to any applicable terms and conditions relating to the account. Personal information from closed accounts is retained in order to comply with legal obligations protect our legal interests, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed or to resolve disputes.
As a matter of course, we will delete personal data associated with accounts that have been inactive for at least 6 years.
Where you are not an account holder, we will retain your information for so long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it is processed or for such longer period as is required to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our legal interests, and enforce our agreements.
Sharing Data With 3rd Parties
We use third party service providers who work for us in the provision of our services. Your data may be processed by a third party if required to deliver a service you have requested or as otherwise set out in this Privacy Statement. We will check any third party that we use to ensure that they can provide sufficient guarantees regarding the confidentiality and security of your Data.
We will have written contracts with them which provide assurances regarding the protections that they will give to your Data and their compliance with our data security standards and international transfer restrictions. We also share data with other Mediahuis entities within the group where they are providing you with services that you have requested or where they provide services to us that you have requested or as otherwise set out in this Privacy Statement.
How Is Your Data Secured
Mediahuis operate and use appropriate technical and physical security measures to protect your personal data. We have in particular taken appropriate security measures to protect your personal data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access. In addition, our service providers are also selected carefully and required to use appropriate protective measures.
Where Do We Store Your Data?
In most cases, Mediahuis stores your data securely within the European Economic Area (EEA) using GDPR compliant service providers. In some cases, Mediahuis may have to transfer or store your data to countries outside the EEA, for example, when one of our service providers use employees or equipment based outside the EEA.
For transfers of your personal data to third parties outside of the EEA, we take additional steps in line with Data Protection Legislation. We have put in place adequate safeguards with respect to the protection of your privacy, fundamental rights and freedoms, and the exercise of your rights, e.g., we establish an adequate level of data protection through EU Standard Contractual Clauses based on the EU commission’s model clauses.
Disclosure of Your Data
Your Data is private and confidential. Your Personal data may only be shared within Mediahuis, for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement. From time to time, we may access and/or disclose your Data as set out in this Privacy Statement or if we are required to do so by law or in good faith and belief that such action is necessary to:
conform with the law or comply with legal process served on us;
protect and defend our rights or property including, without limitation the security and integrity of our network and systems; or
act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our services or members of the public.
Changes to this Information
This statement was last updated on the 14/09/2023
We may decide to make changes to this Privacy Notice. If it is a fundamental change in how we deal with you, then the updated Privacy Notice will be provided to you well in advance of the change taking effect.
We will post the changes on our website or send them to you via e-mail along with an explanation of what the likely impact of those changes will be to you, if any.
To ensure fairness of the processing, we encourage you to review the content of this Privacy Notice regularly.
By using this Site and by disclosing your Data to us, you understand that we may collect, store, process, use and disclose your Data as described in this Privacy Statement. If you are not comfortable with any aspect of this Privacy Statement, you can discontinue using our Site or not provide us with any further personal data. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time.
Contact the Data Protection Office
Mediahuis IE has a data protection function including a Data Protection Officer. If you wish to invoke your rights or have any questions please contact the Mediahuis Data Protection Office via our secure privacy portal by clicking the following link
:
Data Subject Request Form.
Alternatively, you can contact us by post or by email:
Mediahuis Ireland Group Limited
,
Data Protection Office, Independent House
,
27-32 Talbot Street
,
Dublin 1.
Email: data.protection@mediahuis.ie
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacyportal-eu.onetrust.com/webform/107f8d5a-d81d-4be4-8bd4-d0675cfeda1a/8f0df6ce-0387-43cd-b9ea-60b66e04ff79:
If you wish to make a Subject Access Request or any other General User Request you must fill out the form below and attach all necessary documentation for processing your request.
What title or brand does your Request relate to?
Independent
Belfast Telegraph
NI JobFinder
I am a (an)
Subject of an Article/ Image
Registered User/ Subscriber
Breach Notifier
Employee
Supervisory Authority
Other
Select request type(s)
Removal of an Article/ Image
Account/ Data Deletion
Opt out of Communications
Right to File a Complaint
Right of Access
Other
First Name
Enter the first name of the data subject
Last Name
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
Country
Enter country of residence.
Request Details
Enter any additional information in this section that will help us process your request.
0/ 5000
Please note it is required to verify your Identification for Data Deletion, Access or Right to be Forgotten Requests. Please upload ID below:
Please Submit a Valid ID here
Files larger than 4 MB are not supported.
Submit Request
Includes Regional Titles such as: The Argus, The Corkman, The Kerryman, Wicklow People,  Bray People, Sunday World etc
Please Specify
Right to be Forgotten
Right to Erasure
Right to Object
Enter the first name of the data subject
Enter the last name of the data subject
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
Enter country of residence.
Enter any additional information in this section that will help us process your request.