Privacy Policy
This privacy policy includes information on how we will collect your data and how we use it.
What data do we collect?
The following data is collected and linked to your identity
Basic Discord profile information when you log in (Discord ID, username, discriminator, avatar, and flags)
Your Discord bots found on the
supported bot lists
.
Any content submitted to the app by you
The following data is collected by 3rd party services but is not linked to your identity
Device ID and device information: Used to identify screen sizes and models for displaying ads and used to identify crashes on certain device models
Usage data: Used to collect analytics for promoted bots and general app usage.
Crash data: Used to track and fix crashes (Can opt out).
Performance data: Used to improve app's performance (Can opt out).
Advertising data: Used to allow third party services such as AdMob to display ads on your device but is not used to track you (IDFA is not collected or used).
How do we collect your data?
You provide most of the data we collect when you:
Login with Discord
Add favorites to your account
Report a bot
How will we use your data?
This data is used to enable syncing your account with multiple devices, adding favorites to your Discord account, reporting malicious bots, and to store your settings. We will not share or sell user's data to any 3rd party companies or individuals.
How can I delete my data?
You can delete your data by navigating to the Accounts page, then clicking on the Settings button, and scrolling down to the Delete Account button.
Third Party Services
This app uses third party services that may collect your information. Links of privacy policies of third party service providers used by the app are below:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlyticse
Sentry
AppLovin
Unity Ads
enlay
Links to Other Sites
This app contains links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to this Policy
Users on the Discord Bots App support server will be notified of any changes to the privacy policy in the #announcements channel.
Contact Us
You can contact us by emailing us at support@discordbots.app or by joining the Discord support server:
https://discord.gg/Hznh8f5
.
This privacy policy was last updated on 19 March 2022