Jamm Group Limited (company number 11332427) whose registered office is at Building 15, Gateway 1000, Arlington Business Park, Stevenage, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom, SG1 2FP
This website, badmonday.co.uk (the "Site"), is operated by Bad Monday Apparel. In this Privacy Policy references to "we", "us", "our", are references to Bad Monday Apparel.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server. Each cookie is unique to your web browser. It will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers. It allows a website to remember things like who you are, your preferences or what’s in your shopping basket.
Most websites you visit will use cookies in order to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you. To learn more about cookies, visit
All About Cookies
.
How long do cookies last?
Cookies last for different lengths of time depending on what they are used for:
Session cookies
are temporary cookies and are only stored until you leave the website or when you close your web browser.
Persistent cookies
last for a fixed period of time, defined within the cookie, and allow the website to recognise the device again when the user returns to that website on that device.
Who sets cookies?
First party cookies
are set by the website that you are visiting and can only be read by that website.
Third party cookies
are set by an organisation other than operator of the website. This might be for the purposes of website measurement, to allow a third party service on the website to operate or to target or deliver advertising.
How do we use cookies?
The Site uses a range of first and third party cookies that enable us to offer an enhanced, personalised experience. The information stored in cookies falls into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to use the Site and its features. Without these cookies, we are unable to provide services that you have asked for, such as viewing content or purchasing Grands Prix tickets.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often and if they get error messages. All information that these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous, and is only used to improve how the Site works.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the Site to remember choices you make (such as your user name and preferred settings). This would allow us to provide you with local weather reports, remember changes you have made to text size or provide services you have asked for. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests, to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers.
To manage cookies linked to targeting or advertising activities, visit
Your Online Choices
.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
Google Analytics Opt Out
.
We work with Criteo, who use cookies to provide you with personalised advertisements when you visit other selected websites. The data contained in the cookies placed by Criteo is anonymous and doesn’t contain any personal details. It’s easy to opt out of these adverts: If you no longer wish to be shown personalised banners from Criteo, visit
Criteo’s Privacy Policy
and click on the opt-out button.
How to control cookies
You can delete all cookies that are already on your device and prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a website and some services and functionalities may not work.
All major browsers allow you to change your cookie settings - for example you can set up your web browser to inform you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You can usually find these settings in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the 'Help' option in your browser for further assistance.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
and
Edge
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.criteo.com/us/privacy-policy:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
OOPS! ... PAGE NOT FOUND
The page you are looking for was moved, removed, renamed or could not be found.
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share