Updated on October 23, 2023
Welcome to our application “BlueTools Bluetooth Assistant” (hereinafter referred to as “BlueTools”)! We take your privacy very seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information. The following Privacy Policy aims to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, process and protect your personal information when you use our APP.
Your use or continued use of our services implies that you agree to our collection, use, storage, and sharing of your relevant information in accordance with this “Privacy Policy”.
1. Information we collect
When you use our APP, we may collect the following information:
Device information: We may collect specific information about your device, such as device model, operating system version, device settings, device identifier, etc.
Log information: When you use our APP or view the content we provide, we may automatically collect and store certain information, such as detailed usage data, device event information, IP addresses, etc.
1.1 Service Provider
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services.
This application uses the services of the following service providers:
Google Analytics:
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the collected data to track and monitor the use of our services. This data is shared with other Google businesses. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms webpage: [
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/]
(
https://www.google.com/policies
/privacy/)
2. How we use information
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, protect and improve our services, and to develop new services. We also use this information to deliver customized content such as more relevant search results and advertising.
3. Information sharing
We will not share your personal information with companies, organizations and individuals unless the following circumstances apply:
Obtain your consent: We will share your personal information with other parties after obtaining your consent.
Legal requirements: We may disclose your personal information when required to do so by law or where reasonably necessary, such as to comply with legal process, prevent fraud or security issues.
4. Information Security
We are committed to protecting the security of our users’ information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
5. Links to other websites
The Service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that website. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
6. Changes
We may update our privacy policy when necessary. When we make any changes to this policy, we will post updates to this website. Therefore, you are advised to check this page regularly. These changes are effective immediately upon posting on this page.
7. Contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at
bluetools@asmo.fun
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/]:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/intl/en/policies/privacy/]
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.