Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Universe in a Nutshell
Privacy Statement
1.          Responsible data controller
The responsible data controller for the app “
Universe in a Nutshell
” is ‘in a nutshell – kurzgesagt GmbH’, Landwehrstraße 39 – RGB, 80336 Munich, Germany (“in a nutshell – kurzgesagt”). Further information is provided in our
imprint
.
If you have any question, please do not hesitate to contact our data protection officer at: datenschutz@lssport.eu.
2.          What qualifies as personal data
Personal data means information relating to an identifiable natural person, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address or the IP address of your computer.
3.          What data do we use for what purposes?
In the following we explain which personal data we process. As far as such data is processed or stored, this occurs on your smartphone and /or in a IT environment.
Unless it is explicitly stated otherwise in the following sections the legal basis for this processing of data is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR (performance of a contract).
4.          Processed data
Technical communication data
We collect and use personal data which your smartphone automatically transmits to us and which is used for communication with your smartphone. These are in particular
the name of the device
the operating system and app version
the mobile phone provider
different identification numbers in order to be able to uniquely assign the device to you
the time of occurrence of app disturbances for troubleshooting
the IP address assigned to you (shortened by the last octect)
available and activated device functions of your smartphone, and
connection speed to the internet.
The legal basis for the associated processing of your personal data is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR (performance of a contract).
5.          Data Security
As far as this app communicates with ‘in a nutshell – kurzgesagt’, this is done in encrypted form. Please note, however, that personal data stored locally on your device may be misused by third parties, e.g. if your mobile phone is stolen. We therefore recommend that you carefully secure your device accordingly, e.g. with a code lock.
If the app is uninstalled, all personal data in the app will be deleted.
6.          External Service Providers
For certain activities in connection with the “Scale of the Universe” app, we use external services providers for data processing (e.g. data center operators). To the extent it is necessary these service providers also process personal data. ‘in a nutshell – kurzgesagt’ diligently selects and supervises its service providers. They process the data only in accordance with our instructions and are also bound by this privacy statement. The transmission and processing of data in Non-EU countries will not take place.
7.          Retention Periods
We store personal data only as long as it is necessary for the purposes described herein, or as long as it is necessary to comply with statutory storage periods.
Automatically collected technical communication data and tracking information within the meaning of sections 4.1 and 4.2 will be deleted or anonymized after a period of 12 months at the latest.
8.          Contact by e-mail
If you send ‘in a nutshell – kurzgesagt’ e-mail enquiries, we will process the information you provide, including your contact details, in order to process the enquiry and respond to it.
The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (I) 1 b) GDPR (Fulfilment of contract - the processing of your data is necessary for the fulfilment of the agreement to answer the questions or requests). Your data will be deleted after your request has been processed.
9.          Your rights
You have the following rights with regard to the personal data concerning you:
·      right of access and information, Art. 15 GDPR,
·
right to rectification or erasure, Art.16 and Art. 17 GDPR,
·      right to restriction of processing, Art. 18 GDPR,
·      right to data portability, Art. 20 GDPR,
·      right to object, Art. 21 GDPR.
You also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about our processing of your personal data, Art. 77 GDPR.
Version: August 2020
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it