Privacy Policy
In order to protect the privacy and interests of users in accordance with the Privacy Act related to applications or game apps of Shinhwapuzzlegames (hereinafter referred to as "we"), we have the following policy.

Our company is updated when we revise our privacy policy, and it can be changed according to the change of company policy. Please check it frequently when you visit this site.
1.Purpose of processing personal information
We use service functions such as reward or banner advertisements such as Admob, Firebase, Flurry, Unity, Facebook, Chartboost, Applovin, Vungle, Mopub etc., and use the advertising ID for the purpose, but do not use it for other purposes and we do not save.

User analysis data is used to measure the effect of advertisement display and to create statistical data in the form of personal identification that is not possible.
a. Save and delete your personal information
We do not collect any information other than the information used by each service provider in advertising services, and we do not store or use personal information separately.
2. Personal Information File Status
We do not use or store separate personal information files.
We do not store cookies and do not use them.
However, information used by the store service, such as in-game purchases and achievements, will be used through the SDK of the service. This is not information stored by us.
If you have any questions about this, you should contact the service directly (Google, each advertising media).
3. Processing and Retention Period of Personal Information
We do not store or hold personal information directly.
All of our applications are used indirectly through the SDK of the media service (Google, advertising media).
Therefore, we do not process or retain any of your personal information.
4. Matters concerning the provision of third parties of personal information
We do not provide personal information to third parties.
5. Personal Information Processing Consignment
We do not entrust personal information.
6. Rights and duties of the data subject and how to exercise it
You can exercise your rights as a subject of personal information.
a. Personal Information Request
b. Request correction if there is an error
c. Delete request
d. Treatment stop request
We do not store or entrust personal information.
7. Destruction of Personal Information
Our application or game app is a standalone application and does not use a separate server.
In addition, no personal information is stored, so there is nothing to destroy.
However, you can destroy all data by 'deleting' the application if you wish.
8. Other Important Policies
a. Children
We do not collect any personal information on minors under 13 years of age(16 years of age in EU member nations)
9.Personal Information Protection Officer
email: shinhwapuzzlegames@gmail.com