Privacy | Medibuddy
×
Notice
Medibuddy and 8 selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Necessary
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Privacy
Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel)
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Analytics
Wordpress Stats and Google Analytics (Universal Analytics)
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: email address
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name
Displaying content from external platforms
Vimeo video
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Handling payments
Stripe
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Hosting and backend infrastructure
DigitalOcean
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
AddToAny
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Managing contacts and sending messages
SendinBlue Email
Personal Data: Cookies; email address; Usage Data
Social features
Public profile
Personal Data: first name; gender; last name; profession
SPAM protection
Google reCAPTCHA
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by
  any of the services listed in this document,  Users may learn more on
  how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the
  dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
AG Education Ltd - 7 Bell Yard, London, England, WC2A 2JR
Owner contact email:
info@medibuddy.co.uk
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
AG Education Ltd - 7 Bell Yard, London, England, WC2A 2JR
Owner contact email:
info@medibuddy.co.uk
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Medibuddy collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Cookies; Usage Data; email address; first name; last name; gender; profession.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Medibuddy.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Medibuddy is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Medibuddy to provide its services. In cases where Medibuddy specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by Medibuddy or by the owners of third-party services used by Medibuddy serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Medibuddy.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Medibuddy (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Analytics, Contacting the User, Handling payments, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Managing contacts and sending messages, Social features, SPAM protection, Advertising and Displaying content from external platforms.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Medibuddy, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers for identifying Users, behavioral retargeting i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, or to measure ads performance. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) (Meta Platforms Ireland Limited)
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) is an analytics service provided by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited that connects data from the Meta Audience Network with actions performed on Medibuddy. The Meta pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Meta Audience Network.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Wordpress Stats (Automattic Inc.)
Wordpress Stats is an analytics service provided by Automattic Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Medibuddy, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Contacting the User
Contact form (Medibuddy)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes Medibuddy to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Mailing list or newsletter (Medibuddy)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning Medibuddy. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to Medibuddy or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of Medibuddy and interact with them. Such services are often referred to as widgets, which are small elements placed on a website or app. They provide specific information or perform a particular function and often allow for user interaction.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Vimeo video (Vimeo, LLC)
Vimeo is a video content visualization service provided by Vimeo, LLC that allows Medibuddy to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Handling payments
Payment processing services enable Medibuddy to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, Medibuddy shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.
Stripe (Stripe Inc)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable Medibuddy to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of Medibuddy.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
DigitalOcean (DigitalOcean Inc.)
DigitalOcean is a hosting service provided by DigitalOcean Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United Kingdom –
Privacy Policy
.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of Medibuddy.
The interaction and information obtained through Medibuddy are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on Medibuddy isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
AddToAny (AddToAny LLC)
AddToAny is a service provided by AddToAny LLC, which displays a widget that allows interaction with social networks and external platforms as well as sharing the contents of Medibuddy.
Depending on the configuration, this service can display widgets belonging to third parties such as the managers of social networks where interactions are shared. In this case, also the third parties that provide the widget will be informed of interactions and Usage Data on the pages where this service is installed.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
SendinBlue Email (SendinBlue SAS)
SendinBlue is an email address management and message sending service provided by SendinBlue SAS.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; email address; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  France –
Privacy Policy
.
Social features
Public profile (Medibuddy)
Users may have public profiles that other Users can display. In addition to the Personal Data provided, this profile may contain Users' interactions with Medibuddy.
Personal Data processed: first name; gender; last name; profession.
SPAM protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of Medibuddy, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.
Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc.
The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google
privacy policy
and
terms of use
.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by
  any of the services listed in this document,  Users may learn more on
  how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the
  dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Cookie Policy
Medibuddy uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Medibuddy or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Medibuddy may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, Medibuddy and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Medibuddy (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Medibuddy and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Medibuddy (or third-party services employed in Medibuddy), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Medibuddy, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using Medibuddy who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Medibuddy. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Medibuddy.
Medibuddy (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Medibuddy as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to Medibuddy, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://automattic.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Automattic, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what information on your website is shared publicly (or kept private), indexed by search engines, and permanently deleted.
We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Howdy! We are the folks behind a variety of products and services designed to allow anyone — from bloggers, to photographers, small business owners, and enterprises — to take full advantage of the power and promise of the open web. Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce so that anyone with a story can tell it, and anyone can turn their great idea into a livelihood. We believe in powering the open internet with code that is open source and are proud to say that the vast majority of our work is available under the General Public License (“GPL”). Unlike most other services, because our GPL code is public, you can actually download and take a look at that code to see how it works.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:
Our websites (including automattic.com, wordpress.com, jetpack.com, woocommerce.com, crowdsignal.com, gravatar.com, intensedebate.com, vaultpress.com, akismet.com, simplenote.com, simperium.com, leandomainsearch.com, cloudup.com, longreads.com, atavist.com, mailpoet.com, automatewoo.com, jetpackcrm.com, happy.tools, wpcourses.com, wpscan.com, newspack.pub, and wp.cloud);
Our mobile applications (including the WordPress mobile app for Android and iOS);
Our other Automattic products, services, and features that are available on or through our websites (for example, WordPress.com plans, the Payments feature, the Pay with PayPal block, WordPress.com, Jetpack, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, Gravatar, the IntenseDebate comment management system, Akismet plans, Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, Longreads, MailPoet, AutomateWoo, Jetpack CRM, Happy Tools, WordPress.com Courses, WPScan and Newspack); and
Other users’ websites that use our Services, while you are logged in to your account with us.
This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect when you apply for a job at Automattic or one of our subsidiaries.
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications, and other products and services collectively as “Services.” And if you’d like to learn more about which Automattic company is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on
Controllers and Responsible Companies
.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services, like Tumblr, that have a separate privacy policy.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Creative Commons Sharealike License
We’ve decided to make this Privacy Policy available under a
Creative Commons Sharealike
license. You can grab a copy of this Privacy Policy and other legal documents on
GitHub
. You’re more than welcome to copy it, adapt it, and repurpose it for your own use. Just make sure to revise the language so that your policy reflects your actual practices. If you do use it, we’d appreciate a credit and link to Automattic somewhere on your site.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better.
We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples:
Basic account information:
We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a WordPress.com account to provide an email address and password, along with a username or name — and that’s it. You may provide us with more information — like your address and other information you want to share — but we don’t require that information to create a WordPress.com account.
Public profile information:
If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile. For example, if you have a WordPress.com account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, like a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that — public — so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Payment and contact information:
There are various ways in which you may provide us payment information and associated contact information. For example, if you buy something from us or earn revenue through your site, we’ll collect information to process those payments and contact you. If you buy something from us — a subscription to a WordPress.com plan, a premium theme, a
custom domain
, some Longreads swag — or if you pay fees to a person or business through their WordPress.com site (for example via the Payments feature or the Pay with PayPal block), you’ll provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. If you use our Ecommerce Services (including Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, and WooPayments), you’ll have to create a WordPress.com account or connect an existing account and, for some Services, provide your site URL. You may also provide us with financial details to set up a payments integration, like the email address for your Stripe or PayPal account or your bank account information. Additionally, if you use
WooPay
to make purchases on other sites, we will store the contact information and payment information you provide to that service. And if you participate in a revenue sharing opportunity for your site, like
WordAds
, you’ll provide some additional information — for example, a tax ID or other identifier so we can process payments to you.
Business Profile:
Some of our products collect additional information from you as part of creating a user/customer profile. For example, if you are a Jetpack CRM customer we may add you to our customer relationship database (powered by Jetpack CRM!) using information you provide us including your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact information, and your communications with us. If you are a Happy Tools user, we use information you provide us like your timezone and location information, your company and team information, and your contact information, to set up your account and power the Service’s features.
Content information:
You might provide us with information about you in draft and published content (a blog post or comment that includes biographic information about you, or any media or files you upload).
Credentials:
Depending on the Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for your self-hosted website (like SSH, FTP, and SFTP username and password). Jetpack and VaultPress users may provide us with these credentials in order to use our one-click restore feature if there is a problem with their site, or to allow us to troubleshoot problems more quickly.
Communications with us (hi there!):
You may also provide us with information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our Happiness Engineers about a support question, post a question in our public forums, or sign up for a newsletter like the one we send through Longreads. When you communicate with us via form, email, phone, WordPress.com comment, or otherwise, we store a copy of our communications (including any call recordings as permitted by applicable law).
Job applicant information:
If you apply for a job with us — awesome! You may provide us with information like your name, contact information, resume or CV, professional or personal references, similar professional and employment-related data, and work authorization verification as part of the application process. We may also collect additional information about you during the process, like background and credit checks (in applicable jurisdictions and only for certain job roles).  You may also provide us with demographic information when required by law or to support our diverse workplace initiatives, such as your gender, racial or ethnic origin, veteran status, and disability status if you voluntarily submit such information as part of your application. We collect demographic information in accordance with applicable law, and do not request demographic information in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited. We will only use this sensitive information to accommodate a disability or illness, comply with legal obligations, protect the health and safety of our employees, and facilitate our internal programs relating to diversity, inclusion, and anti-discrimination.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log information:
Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services — for example, when you create or make changes to your website on WordPress.com.
Transactional information:
When you make a purchase through our Services, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction. This includes when you purchase something we sell or when you use our Services (like
WooPay
) to buy something from a third party.
Usage information:
We collect information about your usage of our Services. For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users perform on a site using our WordPress.com or Jetpack services — in other words, who did what and when (e.g., [WordPress.com username] deleted “[title of post]” at [time/date]). Our
WooCommerce Usage Tracker
also tracks information like your email address, WooCommerce settings, and PHP settings, along with information about your online store, like the aggregate number of orders and customers. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, support document searches at en.support.wordpress.com, features enabled for your website, interactions with our
Admin Bar
and other parts of our Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, get insights on how people use our Services so we can make our Services better, and understand and make predictions about user retention.
Location information:
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (like when you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions.
Stored information:
We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website.
Interactions with other users’ sites:
We collect some information about your interactions with other users’ sites while you are logged in to your account with us, such as your “Likes” and the fact that you commented on a particular post, so that we can, for example,
recommend posts
we think may interest you. As another example, we collect information about the comments IntenseDebate users make while logged in and use that information to, for example, tally up statistics about your comments (check them out in your dashboard!) and display information about your comments in your IntenseDebate public profile.
Information from cookies & other technologies:
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Automattic uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other sources. For example:
Third Party Login:
If you create or log in to your WordPress.com account through another service (like Google) we’ll receive associated login information (e.g. a connection token, your username, your email address)
Social Sharing Services:
If you connect your website or account to a social media service (like Twitter) through our
Publicize feature
, we’ll receive information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile information, friends list) via the authorization procedures for that service.
Financial Account Info
:
If you use WooPayments, we’ll receive information relating to your Stripe account, such as your email address and phone number. If you use WooPay, we’ll receive your payment information from Stripe.
Google Account Information:
When you connect your Google account to your Newspack powered site, we may access certain Google user data such as your Google Ad Manager Configuration (the network code and your ad units) and your Google Analytics data to allow you to access and manage features more seamlessly. For example, you may be able to manage your Google ads and see your Google Analytics data directly within the dashboard of your Newspack powered site.
The information we receive depends on which services you use or authorize and what options are available.
Third-party services may also give us information, like mailing addresses for individuals who are not yet our users (but we hope will be!). We use this information for marketing purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our Services.
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services.
For example, to set up and maintain your account, host your website, backup and restore your website, provide customer service, process payments and orders, and verify user information.
To ensure quality, maintain safety, and improve our Services.
For example, by providing automatic upgrades and new versions of our Services. Or, for example, by monitoring and analyzing how users interact with our Services so we can create new features that we think our users will enjoy and that will help them create and manage websites more efficiently or make our Services easier to use.
To place and manage ads in our advertising program.
For example, to place ads on our users’ sites and some of our own sites as part of our advertising program, and understand ad performance.
To market our Services and measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our marketing.
For example, by targeting our marketing messages to groups of our users (like those who have a particular plan with us or have been users for a certain length of time), advertising our Services, analyzing the results of our marketing campaigns (like how many people purchased a paid plan after receiving a marketing message), and understanding and forecasting user retention.
To protect our Services, our users, and the public.
For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; fighting spam; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Automattic and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating Services.
To fix problems with our Services.
For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues.
To customize the user experience.
For example, to personalize your experience by serving you relevant notifications and advertisements for our Services, recommending content through our Reader post suggestions, and providing new essays and stories through Longreads for your reading pleasure.
To communicate with you.
For example, by emailing you to ask for your feedback, share tips for getting the most out of our products, or keep you up to date on Automattic; texting you to verify your payment; or calling you to share offers and promotions that we think will be of interest to you. If you don’t want to hear from us, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time. (If you opt out, we’ll still send you important updates relating to your account.)
To recruit and hire new Automatticians.
For example, by evaluating job applicants (including verifying their identity, experience, and other information submitted) and communicating with them by phone, email, or social media platforms.  If the application progresses, we may also collect interview information and background check information.  This may also include verifying information required to initiate employment, for purposes such as confirming ability to legally work in a specific location, setting up payroll, and complying with statutory reporting requirements.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
(1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or
(2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
(3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
(4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our Services; to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience; to safeguard our Services; to communicate with you; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; and to personalize your experience; or
(5) You have given us your consent — for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy. These are spelled out below, as well as in the section called
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
:
Subsidiaries and independent contractors:
We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries and independent contractors who need the information to help us provide our Services or process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for any personal information that we share with them.
Third-party vendors:
We may share information about you with third-party vendors who need the information in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like Stripe, which powers WooPayments, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, payment providers you use for your own ecommerce operations, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, cloud storage services, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, registrars, registries, data escrow services that allow us to provide domain registration services, and your hosting provider if your site is not hosted by Automattic); those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g., by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers); those that make tools to help us run our operations (like programs that help us with task management, scheduling, word processing, email and other communications, and collaboration among our teams); other third-party tools that help us manage operations; and companies that make products available on our websites (like the extensions on woocommerce.com), who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies (e.g., our
Cookie Policy
).
Legal and regulatory requirements:
We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. For more information on how we respond to requests for information about WordPress.com users, please see our
Legal Guidelines
. Additionally, if you have a domain registered with WordPress.com, we may share your information to comply with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers’ (ICANN) regulations, rules, or policies. For example, your information relating to your domain registration may be available in the WHOIS database, or we may be required to share your information with ICANN-approved Dispute Resolution Service Providers. Please see our
Domain Registrations and Privacy support document
for more details.
To protect rights, property, and others:
We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Automattic, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we
may disclose information related to the emergency without delay
.
Business transfers:
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Automattic goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With your consent:
We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties when you authorize us to do so, like when you connected your site to a social media service through our Publicize feature.
Aggregated or de-identified information:
We may share information that has been aggregated or de-identified, so that it can no longer reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services, or share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Site owners:
If you have a WordPress.com account and interact with another site using our Services, your information may be shared with the administrators of the site. For example, if you leave a comment on a site created on WordPress.com or running Jetpack, your IP address and the email address associated with your WordPress.com account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site where you left the comment. Or if you make a payment (like via the
Payments feature
) to a site, your public display name, user name, and email address may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site. Or if you follow/subscribe to another WordPress.com site we will share your email address with the site owner.
Published support requests:
If you send us a request for assistance (for example, via a support email or one of our other feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to clarify or respond to your request, or to help us support other users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information that you choose to make public is — you guessed it — disclosed publicly.
That means information like your public profile, posts, other content that you make public on your website, and your “Likes” and comments on other websites are all available to others — and we hope they get a lot of views!
For example, the photo that you upload to your public profile, or a default image if you haven’t uploaded one, is your
G
lobally
R
ecognized Avatar, or Gravatar — get it? :) Your Gravatar, along with other public profile information, displays alongside the comments and “Likes” that you make on other users’ websites while logged in to your WordPress.com account. Your Gravatar and public profile information may also display with your comments, “Likes,” and other interactions on websites that use our Gravatar service, if the email address associated with your account is the same email address you use on the other website.
We also provide a “Firehose” stream of public data (like posts and comments) from some sites that use our Services to provide that data to Firehose subscribers, who may view and analyze the content (all subject to our Terms of Service), but do not have rights to re-publish it publicly. Find out more about opting out of the Firehose for
WordPress.com
and
Jetpack
sites. Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share publicly.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it.
For example, we keep web server logs that record information about a visitor to one of Automattic’s websites, like the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Automattic’s websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites.
As another example, when you delete a post, page, or comment from your WordPress.com site, it stays in your Trash folder for thirty days in case you change your mind and would like to restore that content, because starting from scratch is no fun. After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged.
If you are a job applicant, we will keep your personal data during the application process, and for a certain period thereafter. To determine that period, we take into account a number of factors, like our legal and regulatory obligations (such as equal opportunity obligations) and whether we may need to retain personal data for internal business purposes like analyzing our applicant pool.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
To enhance the security of your account, we encourage you to enable our advanced security settings, like
Two Step Authentication
.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the information that you provide:
If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services — for example, premium themes that carry an additional charge — may not be accessible. If you are a job applicant, and you choose not to provide certain data elements to us, we may not be able to proceed with the recruitment process.
Limit access to information on your mobile device:
Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the option to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you choose to limit this, you may not be able to use certain features, like geotagging for photographs.
Opt out of marketing communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. Just follow the instructions in those communications or let us know. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you other communications, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set your browser to reject cookies:
At this time, Automattic does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can
usually choose
to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Automattic’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Automattic’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Opt out of our internal analytics program:
You can do this through your user settings. By opting out, you will stop sharing information with our analytics tool about events or actions that happen after the opt-out, while you’re logged in to your WordPress.com account. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Close your account:
While we’d be very sad to see you go, you can close your account if you no longer want to use our Services. (
Here
are account closure instructions for WordPress.com accounts.) Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above — for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain parts of the world, including some US states and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data.
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
US Privacy Laws
Laws in some US states require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. You’ll find that information in this section (if you are a California resident, please note that this is the Notice at Collection we are required to provide you under California law).
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers (like your name, contact information, and device and online identifiers);
Commercial information (your billing information and purchase history, for example);
Characteristics protected by law (for example, you might provide your gender as part of a research survey for us or you may choose to voluntarily disclose your race or veteran status as part of your job application);
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your usage of our Services, like the actions you take as an administrator of a WordPress.com site);
Geolocation data (such as your location based on your IP address);
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as your profile picture, if you uploaded one);
Professional or employment-related information (for example, your company and team information if you are a Happy Tools user, or information you provide in a job application); and
Inferences we make (such as likelihood of retention or attrition).
If you are a job applicant, we may have also collected:
Education information, such as the education you disclose in your job application.
You can find more information about what we collect and sources of that information in the
Information We Collect section
above.
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
How and Why We Use Information section
. And we share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
Sharing Information section
. We retain this information for the length of time described in our
How Long We Keep Information section
.
In some US states you have additional rights subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law, including the right to:
Request a copy of the specific pieces of information we collect about you and, if you’re in California, to know the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of business or commercial purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of sources from which the information came, and the categories of third parties we share it with;
Request deletion of personal information we collect or maintain;
Request correction of personal information we collect or maintain;
Opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information;
Receive a copy of your information in a readily portable format; and
Not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
You can find detailed metrics about Automattic’s compliance with these rights in
our Privacy Report
.
Right to Opt Out
We never directly sell your personal information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money).
We may share your information as necessary with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you. To the extent that we share your information with certain advertising, marketing, or analytics vendors, this can be considered a “sale” or “share” in certain U.S. States, which you may have the right to opt out of.
You can learn more about this sharing and how to opt out by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our websites, or from the settings page within our apps. Note that in some instances this link will only display to individuals visiting our sites from within the relevant states.
Our opt-out is managed through cookies, so if you delete cookies, your browser is set to delete cookies automatically after a certain length of time, or if you visit sites in a different browser, you’ll need to make this selection again.
We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to opt out.
We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. We don’t knowingly sell or share personal information of those under 16.
Your Information & Personalized Advertising
Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce, and that means making our Services accessible to as many people as possible. We show ads on some of our users’ sites as well as some of our own sites, and the revenue these ads generate lets us offer free access to some of our Services so that money doesn’t become an obstacle to having a voice. Our ads program also allows our users to earn revenue to support and grow their own sites. As part of our advertising program, we and our users do use cookies to share certain device identifiers and information about your browsing activities with our advertising partners, and those advertising partners may use that information to show you personalized ads on some of our users’ sites and some of our own.
The personal information we share includes online identifiers; internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address); and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). These disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “share” of information under some US state privacy laws. We do not sell (or share) information through our ads program that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information. Learn how you can opt out by going to
Advertising on WordPress.com Sites and Sites in the WordAds Program
.
Contacting Us About These Rights
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to “
How to Reach Us
” to, well, find out how to reach us.
When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us.
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information.
In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. All appeals will be reviewed by an internal expert who was not involved in your original request. In the event that your appeal is also denied this information will be communicated to you in writing.  Please note that the appeal process does not apply to job applicants.
If your appeal is denied, in some US states you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal.
Controllers and Responsible Companies
Automattic’s Services are worldwide. Different Automattic companies are the controller (or co-controller) of personal information, which means that they are the company responsible for processing that information, based on the particular service and the location of the individual using our Services.
Depending on the Services you use, more than one company may be the controller of your personal data. Generally, the “controller” is the Automattic company that entered into the contract with you under the Terms of Service for the product or service you use. In addition, Automattic Inc., our US-based company, is the controller for some of the processing activities across all of our Services worldwide.
The chart below explains the current controllers for processing your personal information. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, and all countries located in Europe (including the UK and ROI).
Automattic Services (except Woo)
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
Automattic Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Woo Services
Woo services includes WooCommerce, WooPayments, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, MailPoet, and other products and services available at woocommerce.com.
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce, Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110Automattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce, Inc.
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc and WooCommerce, Inc are also the joint controllers for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the
Your Rights section
above, please contact us through our
web form
or via
email
. These are the fastest ways to get a response to your inquiry, but you can also contact us by telephone at 1-877-273-3049.
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Because Automattic’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third-party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the
How and Why We Use Information section
above.
When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver ads that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Automattic and does not cover the collection of information by any third-party advertisers or analytics providers.
Third-Party Software and Services
If you’d like to use third-party plugins or embeds, WooPayments (powered by Stripe), Woo extensions that enable services provided by third parties, or other third-party software or services, please keep in mind that interacting with them may mean providing information about yourself (or your site visitors) to those third parties. For example, some third-party services may request or require access to your (yours, your visitors’, or customers’) data via a pixel or cookie. Please note that if you use the third-party service or grant access, your data will be handled in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy and practices. We don’t own or control these third parties, and they have their own rules about information collection, use, and sharing, which you should review before using the software or services.
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
We also process information about visitors to our users’ websites, on behalf of our users and in accordance with our user agreements. Please note that our processing of that information on behalf of our users for their websites isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our users to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information. If you’d like, you can also read more about the data we collect on behalf of our users in our
Privacy Notice
.
Users control the content posted on their sites, so any disputes regarding content on a user’s site should be made directly to the site owner, through their “contact us” page, at an email address they provide, or by leaving a comment on the site.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Automattic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Automattic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or the
WordPress.com Blog,
or sending you a notification through email or your dashboard). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Other Information and Resources
Jetpack Privacy Center
Woo and the GDPR
Translation
Our Privacy Policy was originally written in English (US). We may translate it into other languages. For example:
French:
https://automattic.com/fr/privacy
Spanish:
https://automattic.com/es/privacy
German:
https://automattic.com/de/privacy
In the event of a conflict between a translated version of our Privacy Policy and the English version, the English version will control.
That’s it! Thanks for reading.
Change log
April 22, 2024:
Removed the outdated list of specific US states covered by the US Privacy Laws section
October 31, 2023:
Changed instances of “WooCommerce” to “Woo.”
July 12, 2023:
Added new example of information shared with site owners.
March 17, 2023:
Removed references to WPVIP.
December 30, 2022:
Updated the California rights section to apply to additional US states.
October 18, 2022
: Added wp.cloud to the list of our websites.
April 26, 2022:
Included information regarding WooPay.
November 22, 2021:
Included information for WPScan.
October 8, 2021:
Included information for WordPress.com Courses and Newspack. Updated the “Information we Collect from Other Sources” section with new examples.
January 1, 2021
: Included information for AutomateWoo and Jetpack CRM. Updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
December 7, 2020:
Included information for MailPoet.
October 12, 2020
: Renamed WooCommerce Services to WooCommerce Shipping & Tax.
August 1, 2020
: Renamed some Payments features and updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
February 21, 2020:
Updated for WooCommerce Payments and added a new section: “Other Information and Resources.”
December 31, 2019
: Updated for California Consumer Privacy Act and miscellaneous clarification throughout.
October 2, 2019:
A few miscellaneous changes, such as new sections about translations of this Privacy Policy and how to opt out of our internal analytics program.
May 31, 2019:
Included information for the Recurring Payments feature.
April 1, 2019:
Included information for Happy Tools.
March 13, 2019:
Added clarifications and additional details to existing sections, for example about ICANN policies and what we may store when you communicate with us.
February 1, 2019:
Included information for Longreads and additional information regarding Longreads accounts.
November 6, 2018:
Removed references to Polldaddy, which has been rebranded as Crowdsignal.
September 24, 2018:
Included information for Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, and Lean Domain Search.
May 25, 2018:
Added more specific information to help clarify our practices, included information for Crowdsignal and Woocommerce.com services, and added information to reflect the requirements of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation.
January 3, 2018:
Revised and reorganized language throughout to help simplify the policy and clarify our practices.
August 22, 2017:
Added “Information We Collect from Other Sources” section.
November 2, 2016
: Added that comments submitted as missed spam are retained by Akismet to improve future performance.
February 18, 2015:
Updated Creative Commons license from 2.5 to 4.0.
September 18, 2013:
Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
February 1, 2011:
Clarified subpoena language and added Business Transfers paragraph.
January 3, 2011:
Added court order and subpoena clarification.
July 1, 2010:
Revised paragraph about IP addresses to explain when they are collected and that commenter IPs are visible to blog administrators.
October 29, 2009:
Added Comments paragraph to explain Akismet comment storage policy.
March 10, 2009:
Added Ads paragraph to alert users that ads from third parties may use cookies.
Sections
▼
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Creative Commons Sharealike License
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Collect from Other Sources
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
Information Shared Publicly
How Long We Keep Information
Security
Choices
Your Rights
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
US Privacy Laws
Contacting Us About These Rights
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
Controllers and Responsible Companies
How to Reach Us
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Third-Party Software and Services
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
Privacy Policy Changes
Other Information and Resources
Translation
Change log
Subscribe
Subscribed
Automattic
Join 10,705 other subscribers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy
Automattic
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
Sub-policy 2
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more
Sub-policy 3
https://vimeo.com/privacy:
Solutions
Video marketing
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Event marketing
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Employee communication
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Video monetization
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Create
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Manage
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Grow
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
DEMO VIDEOS
Get to know everything Vimeo can do for your business.
Watch now
Resources
Learn
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Connect
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Best of the Year
Browse Videos
Staff Picks
Categories
Channels
On Demand
Pricing
Contact Sales
Log in
Join
Help
Pricing
Log in
Join
Settings
Language
Mature content filter
Watch
More
Vimeo OTT
On Demand
Stock
Vimeo Experts
For Hire
Referrals
Legal
Terms
Privacy
U.S. State Privacy
Copyright
Cookies
Log in
Join
Login
Solutions
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
Resources
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Pricing
Contact Sales
Search
Search
Upload
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Cookies
Desktop site
Language
English
Español
Deutsch
Français
日本語
Português
한국어
FAQ
Help
TM + © 2025 Vimeo.com, Inc.
Vimeo Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 11, 2025
This Privacy Policy explains the information that Vimeo collects when you use our products and services or otherwise interact with us, how that information is used, with whom it may be shared, and your privacy choices.
Introduction
Children's Privacy
Data We Collect About You
How We Use Your Data
With Whom We Share Your Data
Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures
Data Retention
Account and Video Privacy Settings
Communications from Us
Protecting Your Information
Your Responsibilities
Third-Party Services
Location of Data and Data Processing
Your Privacy Rights
﻿How to Contact Us
1. Introduction
Who we are and what we do
This Privacy Policy covers Vimeo.com, Inc. (collectively, “
Vimeo
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”). We provide online video hosting, sharing and related services through our owned-and-operated websites, including Vimeo.com and Livestream.com, our branded applications for mobile and connected devices, and our embeddable video players (collectively, the “
services
”).
Acceptance and Changes
By registering for, downloading, or using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy, which is part of our
Terms of Service
. We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any modified version of our Privacy Policy at
https://vimeo.com/privacy
. If we change the Privacy Policy in a way that materially lessens our commitments to you, we will provide notice to registered users by email or other methods.
2. Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals who are under the minimum required ages specified herein. You must be at least 16 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater, to use our services. Individuals under the applicable age may use our services only through a parent or legal guardian's account and with their involvement. If you are a parent or legal guardian who believes your child has provided personal information to Vimeo without your consent, you may ask us to delete such information by contacting us at
privacy@vimeo.com
.
3. Data We Collect About You
We collect information about you when you use our services. In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services. Collected information may include or reflect personal information that could identify you, as well as non-personal information. We refer to your information as
"your data"
for short.
Account Information
To create an account, you must provide a valid email address and password. If you choose to sign-up and/or authenticate using a third-party account (e.g., Facebook, Google), you authorize us to obtain account information from the third-party platform.
Financial Information
To make a purchase, you may need to provide a valid payment method (e.g., credit card or PayPal account) and billing address. Your payment information will be collected and processed by our authorized payment vendors. We do not directly collect or store credit or debit card numbers ourselves in the ordinary course of processing transactions. If we allow purchase through a third-party platform (i.e. in-app purchase), the payment method stored with the third-party platform will be charged. If you choose to make a purchase via bank transfer, you must provide the relevant bank account details.
If you offer content for sale using our services, you must provide an account to receive funds and tax information, which may include your name, address, and taxpayer identification number. In some jurisdictions, you may also be required to verify your identity with our third-party provider, which involves providing a government-issued identification, your physical address, phone number, and email address.
Content You Submit
You may upload and create content such as videos, text, photographs, and artwork. Your account profile may display information about you and your activities. This information may be accessed by others. Your videos may be viewed and otherwise accessed by others, and associated metadata (e.g., titles, closed captions, descriptions, tags, etc.) may be viewable by others. You may choose to limit the availability of your profile and videos. For more details, see
Section 8
.
Your interactions during events such as live streams and webinars, or with other users (e.g., comments, "likes," poll responses) may be seen by others.
If you use Vimeo AI to translate the audio track of your video, we collect data about your voice in order to provide those services.
Registration Forms
You may submit information through a registration form set up by a video owner or event host. This information will be received by both Vimeo and the video owner and is subject to both Vimeo's Privacy Policy as well as the video owner's privacy policy. Except where Vimeo is the video owner, Vimeo will not use any information you submit through such forms for direct marketing purposes.
Other Information You May Submit
You may submit data to us for limited purposes, such as requesting customer support; participating in a study or survey; entering contests or sweepstakes; applying for a job; or signing up to receive communications from us or another user.
Automatically Collected Information
We automatically collect certain types of data when you use our services, regardless of whether you have an account. This data includes your IP address, rough geolocation derived from IP address, technical information about your device (e.g., browser type, operating system, basic device information), the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us, and your activities. We may track your activities using cookies and similar technologies. By using our services, you agree to our use of these methods as set forth in our
Cookie Policy
.
Information Collected by Third Parties
Some third parties may collect data about you when you use our services. This may include data you submit (such as payment information) or automatically collected information (in the case of third-party analytics providers and advertising partners).
We may obtain data from third parties about you. We may combine that data with information that we have collected. For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services.
4. How We Use Your Data
We may use your data for the following purposes:
Identification and authentication:
We use your data to authenticate you as the owner of your account when you interact with customer support. We may also use your data to verify your identity if you offer content for sale using our services.
Operating our services:
We use your data to provide our services, process and fulfill orders, provide customer support, and to otherwise comply with our contractual obligations to you. We (and/or our third-party vendors) use your financial information to process purchases made by you and to pay you amounts you have earned.
Communicating with you:
We use your data when we communicate with you (e.g., when we respond to a customer support or other inquiry).
Improving our services:
We use your data to understand how our services are being used and how we can improve them.
Customizing your experience:
We use your data to personalize the service to you. This may include remembering your preferences for language or volume or displaying videos that you might enjoy, based upon your viewing choices. This may also include restricting access to certain features or content due to applicable law in your location.
Marketing and advertising:
We use your data to show you ads on third-party sites, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. We may also use your data to contact you about products, services, or resources that might interest you.
Protecting our services:
We use your data to secure our platform, prevent abuse of our services, and enforce our Terms of Service. For example, we use tools that process data to detect and prevent fraud in transactions and content that violates our Acceptable Use Policy.
Legal compliance:
We use your data where we are legally required to do so. For example, we may need to gather your data to respond to a subpoena or court order.
Protecting your information:
Where appropriate, we may anonymize, backup, and delete certain data.
We may use algorithms, machine learning, and other automated means to implement any of the above.
Whenever we process your data for one of these purposes, we have determined that one or more of the following lawful bases apply:
Performance of a contract;
Legitimate commercial interest;
Compliance with a legal obligation; or
Consent
When Vimeo relies on legitimate interest as a lawful basis of processing, we undertake a balancing test to ensure that the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject are not outweighed by Vimeo’s interest.
5. With Whom We Share Your Data
We share data with third parties as follows:
As you instruct:
We may make your profile and videos available to others as you instruct in using our services. We may share your data with persons to whom you have granted account-level access.
With your consent:
We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so.
Authorized vendors:
We may share your data with third-party vendors that help us operate and improve our services, process orders, and comply with your instructions and our contractual obligations. This includes payment processors, content delivery networks (CDNs), cloud-based hosting services, monitoring services, email service providers, quality assurance and testing vendors, fraud and abuse prevention vendors, customer relations management (CRM) vendors, chatbot providers, and shipment vendors.
Advertising:
We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads.
Analytics:
We may share your data with analytics providers which help us understand how customers are using our services. We may also share individually identifying analytics information with the hosts of live events you attend, the owners of recorded video you view (where you have provided your consent to share such information), and the administrator(s) of your Enterprise Account (see below for more details).
Affiliates and advisors:
We may share your data with our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance. We may share your data with our affiliates to the extent necessary to provide you with the services ordered.
Certain legal situations:
We may share your data where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a corporate transaction as discussed in
Section 6
.
Aggregated or anonymized information:
We may publicly disclose non-personal aggregated or anonymized information such as our number of visitors and registered users.
We use reasonable efforts to vet vendors for their privacy and data security practices. We require that all vendors agree to protect the data we share.
Enterprise Accounts
If you create a Vimeo account using an email address provided or assigned to you by an organization (such as your work email address):
Vimeo may share your personal information (e.g., name, email address) with such organization; and
The organization may establish a direct relationship with us and migrate your data to the organization's account (an "
Enterprise Account
").
When you use an Enterprise Account, the administrators of the Enterprise Account may:
Access information about your Enterprise Account activity, including your video viewing history;
Manage and change the content within your account, including profile information;
Control your ability to view, edit, or delete content; and
Delete your account.
The organizational owner of the Enterprise Account, not Vimeo, is responsible for the accounts it controls and its use of its account users' data. Your use of our services is subject to such organization’s privacy policies, which may differ from Vimeo’s. If you do not want an organization to access or otherwise control your account, use a personal email address and do not use an organizational email address when creating an account. If your account has not yet joined an Enterprise Account, you may update your email address in your account settings to prevent automatically joining in the future.
6. Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures
We may disclose your data in response to official requests (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, national security requests, etc.) ("
requests
") that we receive from government authorities or parties to legal proceedings. We direct law enforcement agencies to our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
page.
We handle U.S. requests in accordance with U.S. law. If the request originates from a foreign jurisdiction, we will typically disclose information where we in good faith believe that disclosure is permitted by both U.S. law and local law. In all cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion.
We may disclose user data where we reasonably believe that someone's life is at risk. For example, if we become aware of a person threatening to commit suicide, we may share that person's data with appropriate entities that may have the ability to help.
We may disclose user data to report suspected crimes. We report content suspected of exploiting minors to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) along with the data identifying the uploading user.
We may disclose user data in situations involving legal claims against us or one of our users. If you submit a
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
or other takedown notice, we may share that notice with the affected user. If you challenge such a notice, we may share your response with the complainant.
We may share your data with potential transaction partners, advisors, and others in the event our company is, in whole or part, acquired by a third party. In such case, we will use reasonable efforts to require the acquiring entity to comply with this Privacy Policy.
7. Data Retention
We retain your data for as long as you have an account. When you close an account, we will delete your data. We may retain logs of automatically collected information (for internal analytics and security purposes); your email address; your tax information; communications with you; and your transactional information (for auditing, tax, and financial purposes). When we no longer have a business reason for retaining your data, we will delete or anonymize it.
We retain deleted videos on our servers for a short period in case you wish to reverse deletion. Once we delete a video, we may not be able to recover it. If you have previously made a video public, the video or its thumbnail may continue to be discoverable in a search engine's cache for a time.
If we receive legal process pertaining to your account, we will retain your data for as long as we in good faith believe is necessary to comply with the legal process. Similarly, if we believe that your account has been involved in wrongdoing, we may preserve your data to defend or assert our rights.
8. Account and Video Privacy Settings
As part of our services, we offer you the ability to limit the distribution of your content, including your videos. This section explains some of your choices.
Profile
Some of our online subscription plans enable you to "hide" your profile or otherwise make it inaccessible on our website. Your profile will, however, remain accessible to persons who have access to your account or content.
Team Members
Some of our subscription plans enable you to grant account-level access rights to others. Persons with such access ("
Team Members
") may be able to see and potentially alter your data. You may revoke or downgrade Team Member access at any time.
Videos
We enable you to manage the privacy settings of your videos.
Learn more
about available privacy settings. You may change a video's privacy settings at any time. Changes will be applied on a go-forward basis.
You may create a sharable link to your video for the purpose of sharing your video with others or embedding your video on a third-party website (including your own). Creating such a sharable link will override your privacy settings and will allow anyone who enters the link in a browser to view your video without restriction. Similarly, embedding your video on a publicly available website will allow the public to view your video regardless of your privacy settings.
You should exercise caution in granting access to others (whether through link sharing or passwords). Once you have granted access to someone else, you lose a degree of control over the distribution of your video as those persons may share the password and/or link with other people.
Regardless of your profile or video privacy settings, Vimeo reserves the right to inspect them for compliance with its
Terms of Service
, to provide customer support, or to address technical issues.
9. Communications from Us
Emails
If you create an account or request information about Vimeo's services, you may receive commercial emails from us. You may always opt out from receiving commercial messages in your account settings or through the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of each email. Please note that any opt-out request may take several days to process and you will continue to receive transactional emails from us (e.g., emails confirming transactions and/or providing information about your account).
Mobile Device Communications
We may, with your consent, send push notifications in our apps. You may disable these by declining them or changing the app's settings. To the extent provided, we may, with your consent, send SMS messages to your mobile telephone for authentication and security purposes. You may opt out of receiving such messages at any time.
10. Protecting Your Information
We use physical, technical, and organizational security measures to safeguard your data from unauthorized or accidental disclosure. Despite these efforts, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Users also have a role to play in keeping their data safe. We encourage you to use a unique and hard-to-guess password for your account and to not share it with others. You should only grant access rights to people who you know and trust, and, even then, you should be careful in granting all access rights. You should monitor your account regularly. If you believe that someone has gained access to your account without your permission, please contact us immediately so that we can investigate.
11. Your Responsibilities
You may receive other people's data in using our service. If you receive information from other users, you must process that information in compliance with your published privacy policy and all applicable laws, including those concerning privacy, data security, and online marketing.
12. Third-Party Services
We may provide access to online services that we do not own or operate via hyperlinks or integrations. These services fall outside of this Privacy Policy and we have no control over the data they collect. Once on a third-party site, your data may be collected by others. We encourage you to read our
Third-Part
y Service Addendum
and the privacy policies of such services before using them.
You may use our service through third-party sites. For example, you may watch a video that is embedded on a third-party site or use one of our apps on a third-party platform. This Privacy Policy covers our apps and video players, but does not cover any third-party site or any third-party video player.
13. Location of Data and Data Processing
Vimeo is based in the United States. We provide services globally using computer systems, servers, and databases located in the U.S. and other countries. When you use our services from outside of the U.S., your information may be transferred to and processed in the U.S. In accordance with applicable international data protection laws, we may transfer your personal information from your home country to the U.S. (or other countries) based upon the following legal bases:
Legitimate business interests: We could not provide our services or comply with our legal obligations without transferring your personal information to the U.S.
Our use of Standard Contractual Clauses (also known as "Model Clauses") where appropriate.
The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Vimeo complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, respectively. Vimeo has certified that it adheres to the DPF Principles. The following Vimeo subsidiaries also adhere to the DPF Principles: Livestream LLC and VideoJi, Inc. Vimeo remains responsible for any of your personal information that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for external processing on our behalf. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, visit the
DPF website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF certification, we encourage you to contact us at the address listed in
Section 15
. Vimeo is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the DPF Principles
. You may contact
JAMS
, our U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider, for more information or to file a complaint, at no cost to you.
14. Your Privacy Rights
We enable you to make numerous choices about your data:
You may choose not to provide us with certain information. For example, you may choose not to create an account or not to provide optional account information.
You may change your account and video privacy settings. See
Section 8
for more details.
You may change or correct information voluntarily submitted to us. We encourage you to keep your data current by viewing your settings page.
You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us. See
Section 9
for more details.
You may limit the use of cookies. See
our
Cookie Policy
for options.
You may close your account (which will delete all videos) or delete certain videos.
In addition, depending on where you reside, you may have certain privacy rights. These may include the right to: access, correct, delete, erase, restrict, or object to our use of your personal information; port your data; and withdraw consents. We enable exercise of these rights primarily through our services (which we reserve the right to modify). For example, we allow users to change their information, download their videos, and close their accounts. We also fulfill our obligations in response to direct requests. We will endeavor to process requests within one month. Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to the extent that they would cause us to violate any law or infringe any other person's rights. We reserve the right to request appropriate identification. We will process requests free of charge unless they would impose an unreasonable cost on us.
Additional details about Vimeo’s data collection, use, and third-party disclosures can be found in our
U.S. State Privacy Notice
.
15. How to Contact Us
For any questions, inquiries, or complaints relating to your privacy, please contact us at:
Vimeo.com, Inc.
Attention: Data Protection Officer
330 West 34th Street, 10th Floor
New York, New York 10001
privacy@vimeo.com
Alternatively, if you are in the EU, EEA, or Switzerland and would like to exercise your rights or have questions about our processing of personal information, you may contact our local representative.
For the EU/EEA:
European Data Protection Office via the online request form at
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request
or by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium.
For Switzerland:
EDPO Switzerland Sàrl via the online request form at
https://edpo.com/swiss-data-request
or by writing to EDPO Switzerland at Rue de Lausanne 37, 1201 Geneva, Switzerland.
Sub-policy 4
https://stripe.com/terms/US:
Sorry, but the page you were looking for could not be found.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy/:
Legal & Security
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on
January 1, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how DigitalOcean, LLC and its affiliates (“DigitalOcean,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collect, use, and share Personal Information (including “Personal Data,” as those terms are defined under applicable law) in connection with your use of our websites (including
www.digitalocean.com
,
www.cloudways.com
, and related domains and websites), services, and applications (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) does not apply to information or content our customers may process when using our Services.
If you are looking for California-specific information, check out our
CCPA Privacy Notice
as well, which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy.
We may collect and receive information about users of our Services (“users,” “you,” or “your”) from various sources, including: (i) information you provide through your user account on the Services (your “Account”) if you register for the Services; (ii) your use of the Services; and (iii) from third-party websites, services, and partners.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full, including the Additional Disclosures referenced at the bottom of this document, to ensure you are fully informed. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or DigitalOcean’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, please contact us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
1.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information about you as follows:
Personal Information You Provide: We collect Personal Information when you register for an Account to use our Services or communicate with us as follows
I.
Account Registration.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including your name, company name, address and/or your city and country of residence and postal code, email address, payment method information including your PayPal ID and transaction information, business information, a profile image in connection with use of certain of our Services if you choose to provide one, and telephone number. If you choose to refer a friend to our Services, we may also collect your friend’s email address so that we may send them a referral or promotional code to sign up for our Services.
II.
Payment Information.
When you add your financial account information to your Account, that information is directed to our third-party payment processors. We do not store your financial account information on our systems; however, we have access to, and may retain, subscriber information we receive from  through our third-party payment processors.
III.
User Content.
When you use our Services, we collect Personal Information that is included in the input, file uploads, or feedback that you provide our Services. For example, our “Community” feature allows you to publicly post content on our Services. By registering for our Community, you agree that your profile information and the content you post may be viewed and used by other users and third parties we do not control.
IV.
Communication Information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
V.
Other Information You Provide.
We collect other information that you may provide to us such as when you participate in events, surveys, research activities, or information you provide to establish your identity.
Personal Information we Receive Automatically: When you interact with or use our Services, we receive the following information:
I.
Log Data.
Information that your browser or device automatically sends when you use our Services including but not limited to your IP address.
II.
Device and Configuration Information.
Information including the type of the device you are using, operating system, configuration information, device identifiers, location of files and other data, and browser type and settings.
III.
Usage Data.
When you use our Services, we may collect information about your engagement with and utilization of our Services, such as processor and memory usage, storage capacity, navigation of our Services, system-level metrics, etc. We use this Usage Data to operate and improve the Services, maintain and improve the performance and utilization of the Services, develop new features, products, or functionality, protect the security and safety of our Services and our customers, and provide customer support. We also use this Usage Data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, improve, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business.
IV.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
We use cookies and similar technologies to operate and administer the Services and personalize and improve your experience with them. We may also store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or clear gifs to record your preferences, to collect information about your use of our Services, about the functionality of our Services, frequency of visits, and other information related to your interactions with the Services. For more information on how we use cookies and similar technologies, please visit the Cookie Policy.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
I.
Third-Party Accounts.
If you choose to link our Services to a third-party account, we will receive information about that account, such as your authentication token from the third-party account, to authorize linking. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options.
2.
How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following purposes and in accordance with the legal bases outlined below:
Purpose
Examples
Legal bases
To provide, operate, administer, maintain, improve, expand, personalize, and analyze your Usage Data, and to develop new products, Services, features, or functionality based on your Usage Data
To create, update, and manage your DigitalOcean account or improve the Services based on Usage Data we collect
Performance of a contract or legitimate interest
To process your transactions
To share and receive information about your payment method and transaction data from our payment processors
Performance of a contract or legitimate interest
To complete surveys or conduct research
To develop new services, solutions, and products or get feedback from you on existing services
Legitimate interest
To communicate with you (either directly or through a partner) including to send you information about our Services or events or to provide you customer service
To manage your online requests for more information or demos or to contact you if needed
Take steps prior to entering into a contract or performance of a contract
To send you marketing or promotional materials
To send you marketing and promotional materials about DigitalOcean services
Legitimate interest
To prevent fraud or misuse of our Services, and to protect the security and integrity of our Services, IT systems, network, and architecture
To investigate suspicious or fraudulent activity, to protect our business from fraud or risk, to take action in the event of a security breach, or to investigate any disputes
Legitimate interest
To comply with legal obligations and protect our, your, and third parties’ rights, privacy, safety, or security
To comply with legal obligations and manage your data access and deletion requests
Legal and regulatory obligations to which DigitalOcean is subject
3.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information.
Aggregate Information.
Where legally permissible, we may use and share information about users with our partners in aggregated or de-identified form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Advertising.
We work with third-party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. These advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our Services, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different online services. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. To learn more about these programs, or opt-out of personalized ads, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory program for Online Behavioral Advertising at
www.aboutads.info
, or the Network Advertising Initiative at
www.networkadvertising.org
.
Third-Party Partners.
We also share information about users with third-party partners in order to receive additional publicly available information about you.
Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral.
If you sign up for our Services through a referral from a friend, we may share information with your referrer to let them know that you used their referral to sign up for our Services.
Analytics.
We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect non-identifying information. Google provides some additional privacy options regarding its Analytics cookies at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Business Transfers.
Information may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to any potential acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any proposed merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request including requests made by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
With Your Consent.
We may share information with your consent.
Other Third Parties.
We may share your Personal Information with other third parties, such as other cloud hosting providers, such as, for example, when you use our Cloudways Service.
4.
Third-party Services
You may access other third-party offerings through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those third-party offerings from within the Services. DigitalOcean is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third-party offerings, and we encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies. For the avoidance of doubt, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of third party services or sites. By providing these links to third parties, we do not endorse those third party services or sites and such links are provided for your convenience and informational purposes only.
5.
Security
DigitalOcean is committed to data security. To do so, we employ a variety of security technologies and measures designed to help protect information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
For more information on DigitalOcean’s security controls, please see the following resources:
Data Processing Agreement (DPA)
Certification Reports
6.
Data Retention
We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide you our Services, or for other legitimate business purposes such as resolving disputes, safety and security reasons, or complying with our legal obligations. How long we retain Personal Information will depend on a number of factors, such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, our purpose for processing the information, and any legal requirements.
7.
Access
If you are a registered user, you may access certain information associated with your Account by logging into our Services or emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
. If you terminate your Account, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion may remain stored on our servers and may remain accessible to the public.
To help protect your privacy and security, we may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before updating or removing your information. The information you provide us may be archived or stored periodically by us according to backup processes conducted in the ordinary course of business for disaster recovery purposes. Your ability to access and correct your information may be temporarily limited where access and correction could: (i) inhibit DigitalOcean’s ability to comply with a legal obligation; (ii) inhibit DigitalOcean’s ability to investigate, make or defend legal claims; (iii) result in disclosure of personal data about a third party; or (iv) result in breach of a contract or disclosure of trade secrets or other proprietary business information belonging to DigitalOcean or a third party.
8.
Your Data Protection Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“UK”), you have the following data protection rights:
Right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information, which you can do at any time by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to delete your Personal Information by deactivating and purging your Account in your control panel settings (e.g.,
https://cloud.digitalocean.com/settings
). All Account data will be deleted within 90 days of purging.
Right to object to the processing of your Personal Information, asking us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information, or requesting portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to withdraw your consent, if we have collected and processed your Personal Information with your consent.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
9.
Your Choices
You can use some of the features of the Services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.
You may unsubscribe from receiving certain promotional emails from us. If you wish to do so, simply follow the instructions found at the end of the email.
Many browsers have an option for disabling cookies, which may prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or enable selective use of cookies. Please note that, if you choose not to accept cookies, some features and the personalization of our Services may no longer work for you.
10.
Children’s Privacy
DigitalOcean does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and children under 13 are prohibited from using our Services. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
11.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time, so please review it frequently. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through our Services, we will notify you through our Services, on this page, by email, or other communication.
12.
International Data Transfers
With respect to Personal Data of Data Subjects located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom that Customer transfers to DigitalOcean or permits DigitalOcean to access, the parties agree that by executing the DPA they also execute the Standard Contractual Clauses, which will be incorporated by reference and form an integral part of the DPA. The parties agree that, with respect to the elements of the Standard Contractual Clauses that require the parties’ input, Schedules 1-3 contain all the relevant information.
DigitalOcean, LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. DigitalOcean has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension.  DigitalOcean has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the “DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. DigitalOcean’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Please also refer to our
GDPR FAQ
and
Data Processing Agreement
for more information about data transfers.
DigitalOcean complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
DigitalOcean commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact DigitalOcean using the details provided below.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, DigitalOcean LLC commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of AAA are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found in Annex 1 of the DPF Principles.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
or write to us at:
DigitalOcean
101 6th Ave
New York, NY 10013
ATTN: Legal
The data controller of your personal information is DigitalOcean, LLC.
Additional Disclosures
CCPA Privacy Notice
Prior Versions of our Privacy Policy
May 14, 2024
October 6, 2023
July 5, 2023
June 14, 2022
July 30, 2020
©
2025
DigitalOcean, LLC.
Sitemap
.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.addtoany.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
AddToAny doesn't sell personal data. We do our best to preserve privacy by limiting what we process.
What kind of data is processed?
Typical server log information, including:
URL requested on our domain
Referring URL
IP address
Browser, language, and operating system used
Browser cookies on our domain
Time and date
Typical browser information, such as URL, title, and related metadata.
Server log data is used for server administration and general operation purposes.
We do not use unique user identifiers on sites across the web.
We use HTTP cookies on our domain only.
Optional user accounts may use strictly necessary session cookies.
Optional preferences may use preference cookies to remember your preferred services.
We do not use personally identifiable information (PII) unless you provide it to us.
For example, when you
contact us
, you can optionally provide your name and email address.
You may request deletion of PII you have provided by
contacting us
.
How long is end user data retained?
We delete server log data within 30 days or less, and may keep aggregate usage data only.
We do not retain server log data on static assets provided for use on sites across the web.
What kind of data is shared?
In a URL request, typical server log data may be shared with service providers and partners.
Official service integrations are served by their respective services under their respective privacy policies.
For example, the Facebook Like button is hosted & served by Facebook under their privacy policy.
What about the GDPR & CCPA for websites & apps using AddToAny?
AddToAny is compatible by default with the European General Data Protection Regulation, and the California Consumer Privacy Act. See
the FAQ
for more information.
© 2006–2025
Terms
Privacy
Sub-policy 7
https://www.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/:
Table of contents
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
If the legal entity you represent or act on behalf of is incorporated in the
USA, Canada, Australia or New Zealand
, the following terms are applicable to you:
Sendinblue Inc. Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, this latter Privacy Policy (II) shall also be applicable.
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue SAS
(collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”).
In the course of its activity and for the purposes of providing the Services (as defined in our General Terms of Use), Brevo is required to collect and process the personal data of its users (hereafter referred to as the “Users”).
This privacy policy, implemented by Brevo, is intended to provide the Users with a summary and overview of the processing of personal data carried out by Brevo.
Brevo attaches particular importance to the respect for the privacy of the Users and of the confidentiality of their personal data, and is thus committed to processing the data in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relating to Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (hereafter referred to as the “Data Protection Act”), and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereafter referred to as the “GDPR”).
Definitions
Personal data:
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, that is, a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identification number or to one or more elements specific to that person.
Processing of personal data:
any operation or any set of operations relating to personal data, whatever the process used, and in particular the collection, recording, organisation, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, as well as locking, erasure, or destruction.
Cookie :
a cookie is a piece of information placed on the hard drive of Internet users by the server of the site they visit. It contains several pieces of data: the name of the server which installed it, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and possibly an expiry date. This information is sometimes stored on the computer in a simple text file that a server accesses to read and save pieces of information.
Data Controller – DPO
The data controller for the processing of the personal data referred to herein is Brevo, a simplified joint stock company with a share capital of 387,722 Euros, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 498 019 298 and whose registered office is located at 106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France.
Brevo has appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at the following address: dpo@brevo.com.
Data collected
Brevo collects data from Users in order to make the Services for which they have subscribed to the platform available to them.
The mandatory or optional nature of the data provided (in order to complete the Users’ registration and to render the Services) is indicated at the time of collection by an asterisk.
In addition, certain data is collected automatically as a result of the User’s actions on the site (see the paragraph on cookies).
Purposes
The personal data collected by Brevo during the provision of the Services is necessary for the performance of the contracts concluded with the Users, or to allow Brevo to pursue its legitimate interests while respecting the rights of the Users. Certain data may also be processed based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes for which Brevo processes data are the following:
commercial and accounting management of the contract;
management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
detection of malicious behaviour (fraud, phishing, spam, etc.);
the improvement of the Users path on the site;
more generally, any purpose referred to in Article 2 of Deliberation No. 2012-209 of 21 June 2012 creating a simplified standard for the automated processing of personal data relating to the management of users and prospects.
Recipients of the data
The personal data collected is intended for Brevo’s commercial and accounting departments. It may be transmitted to Brevo’s subsidiaries, or to third-party data processors which Brevo is authorized to use within the context of the performance of its Services.
In this context, personal data may be transferred to an EU or non-EU country. Brevo implements guarantees ensuring the protection and security of this data, in compliance with applicable rules and regulations.
Brevo does not transfer or rent personal data to third parties for marketing purposes without the express consent of the Users of Brevo.
In addition, personal data may only be disclosed to third parties for purposes other than marketing in the following cases:
with their authorisation;
at the request of the competent legal authorities, upon judicial request, or in the context of a legal dispute.
Data retention period
To satisfy its legal obligations or in order to have the necessary elements to assert its rights, Brevo will be able to retain the data under the conditions established by applicable rules and regulations.
Thus, personal data collected by Brevo relating to the identity and contact details of its Users is retained for a maximum period of two years after the termination of the contractual relationship for Users that are customers, or from their collection by the data controller or the last contact from the Users that are prospects, for the data relating to the latter.
The termination of the contractual relationship is understood as the express termination of the contract by the User, or the non-use of Brevo Services for a period of five years.
Rights of Users
In accordance with applicable rules, the Users have the right to access and rectify their personal data, which enables them to rectify, complete, update, or delete data that is inaccurate, incomplete, ambiguous, or outdated, or whose collection, use, communication, or storage is prohibited.
The Users also have the right to request the limitation of the processing, and to oppose on legitimate grounds the processing of their personal data. The User may also communicate instructions on the fate of their personal data in the event of their death.
Where applicable, the User may request the portability of their personal data or, where the legal basis for the processing is consent, withdraw their consent at any time.
The Users may exercise their rights by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com or a letter to:
Sendinblue SAS  — DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
These requests shall be processed within a maximum period of 30 days.
The Users may also at any time modify the data pertaining to them by logging on to
https://www.brevo.com
and clicking on “edit my profile” or by contacting the customer relations department at
support@brevo.com
The Users may unsubscribe from the Brevo newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe links in each of these emails.
In the event of a dispute, the Users may file a complaint with the CNIL, for which contact details may be found at
https://www.cnil.fr.
The Users may access detailed information on the use of their personal data, in particular concerning the purposes of the processing, the legal bases enabling Brevo to process the data, its storage period, its recipients, and, where applicable, its transfer to a country outside the European Union as well as the related compliance guarantees put in place for such transfers. To do so, the User can send their request by email to dpo@brevo.com.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Notwithstanding anything else in the present Privacy Policy, if the User provides Brevo access to their Gmail user data, Brevo shall:
only use access to read, write, modify, or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings, allowing Brevo to provide a web email client for the Users to compose, send, read, and process emails;
never transfer such data to other parties unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets;
in no way use such data for its management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
in no way use such data to serve advertisements;
not allow humans to read this data unless Brevo has the User’s affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for Brevo’s internal operations, and even then, only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
Cookies
For more information about how Brevo handles cookies, please visit our
cookie policy page
.
Security
Brevo has taken all necessary precautions to preserve the security of personal data and, in particular, to prevent it from being accessed by unauthorized third parties, distorted, or damaged.
These measures include the following:
Multi-level firewall.
Proven solutions for anti-virus protection and detection of intrusion attempts.
Encrypted data transmission using SSL/https/VPN technology.
Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centres.
In addition, access to processing data on behalf of Brevo by the receiving third-party services requires authentication of the persons accessing the data, by means of an individual access code and password, that is sufficiently robust and regularly renewed.
Data transmitted over unsecured communication channels is subject to technical measures designed to make such data incomprehensible to any unauthorised person.
Any questions about the security of the Brevo website can be directed to
support@brevo.com
.
Modification of the Privacy Policy
Brevo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy to comply with changes in the applicable laws and regulations.
The Users shall be notified of any changes made to this policy via our website or by email at least thirty days prior, when possible, to their entry into force.
Contact
Any questions about Brevo’s Privacy Policy can be directed by email to
dpo@brevo.com
or by mail to:
Sendinblue SAS – DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
For users incorporated in USA, Canada, Australia and New-Zealand
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue Inc.
dba
Sendinblue
, (collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”). It explains how we collect and use information on brevo.com and other websites we own or operate (collectively, the “
Site
”), our suite of software and professional services owned and operated by Sendinblue Inc. or its affiliates and/or delivered under the business name Brevo (the “
Software
”) for managing contacts and designing, implementing, and administering email, sms, and certain other marketing programs , our other digital properties or services, and your communications with us by any means (collectively with the Site, Software, and Programs, the “
Services
”). Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our privacy practices.
This Privacy Notice applies to Brevo’s activities in, or for Users that are incorporated in, the United States, Canada, New-Zealand and Australia, and includes supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
. If you are a resident of or located in the European Union, please instead review our
Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
.
This Privacy Notice is governed by and part of our General Conditions of Use of Brevo Services (the “
General Terms
”). Your use of our Services is subject to this Privacy Notice and our General Terms, including its applicable limitations on damages and the provisions regarding resolution of disputes. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice have the meanings given to them in the General Terms. Any additional notices we may provide you about our privacy practices will be considered to form part of this Privacy Notice.
Note that this Privacy Notice
DOES NOT
apply to any third-party websites, platforms, or activities, such as a Customer’s websites or marketing practices. If you are a Contact of our Customer(s), your use of a Customer’s website or receipt of marketing communications from a Brevo Customer is governed by the Customer’s privacy notice, and Brevo has no control over their privacy practices.
Consent
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you acknowledge and accept this Privacy Notice, and you consent to Brevo’s collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described below. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, do not use our Services.
Personal information
As used in this Privacy Notice, “
Personal Information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information falls into various categories, such as identifiers, protected information, sensitive personal information (e.g., social security number, race, health data, or union membership), biometrics, commercial history, employment-related data, nonpublic educational information, internet activity, or inferences drawn to create a consumer profile. The use of sensitive personal data on the Platform and as part of the Services is forbidden.
Personal Information
does not
include (i) publicly available information (ii) aggregate information, meaning data about a group or category of services or users from which individual identities and other Personal Information has been removed; or (iii) deidentified information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular consumer.
Collection and use of personal information
The types of Personal Information we collect and how it is used depends on how you interact with us, such as a Site visitor, a Brevo customer using the Services or representative of a customer (a “
Customer
”) or as a Customer’s marketing contact (“
Contact
”).  Brevo only collects, uses, retains, and shares Personal Information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide the Services or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of how we collected your Personal Information. We will update this Privacy Notice or otherwise notify you before we collect additional categories of Personal Information from consumers or use such Personal Information for purposes that are incompatible with the purpose stated at the time of collection.
Categories of Personal Information
During the preceding 12 months, we have collected these categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address, password, IP address)
Employment-related information (e.g., current or past employment)
Commercial information (e.g., purchases considered or completed)
Internet activity (e.g., interactions with the Site and Platform)
Sources of Collection
We collect Personal Information from the following sources and use that information as described below:
Directly from you when you contact us or place an order.
If you contact us via the Site or by email, phone, or other means to request information or support, we will collect your name, contact information, and employment-related information as needed to respond to your inquiry. If you place an order with us, we will use a PCI-compliant payment processor to collect and process your payment information. You may opt-in to save your payment information for future orders, but this is not required. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to respond to your inquiries, communicate with you about your order status, or for the purposes stated at the time of collection.
Directly from you when you create a Customer account.
If you create a Customer account, we will collect your name, email address, company name, and require you to choose a password to login. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to provide the Services, identify and administer your account, and communicate with you about the Services. You have the right to opt-out of communications from us, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account.
From our Customers about their Contacts.
Brevo Services enables Customers to promote their brands through email, SMS, chat, and other types of marketing communications. Customers may choose to input their Contacts’ Personal Information into the Services to send them marketing communications. Brevo collects Contacts’ Personal Information to fulfill our contractual obligations as a service provider to the Customer. A Customer’s processing of Contacts’ Personal Information via the Services is subject to the Customer’s privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for any Customer’s compliance with applicable privacy laws, or a Customer’s obligations to related to their Contacts’ privacy rights.
Automatically from you when you visit the Site or use our Software.
When you visit our Site or use our Software, we automatically collect data about your internet activity such as your IP address, internet service provider description, information about the type of device used to access our Site, and browser information. Like most online services, the Site and Platform use cookies as described in our
Cookie List
. We collect this information to achieve our legitimate interest of facilitating online communication or when it is strictly necessary to provide an online Service. We use this information to help diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our Site, generate analytics and statistics. With your prior consent, we also use that information to improve the nature and marketing of the Services. The Customer warrants that it will provide all necessary information to the relevant natural persons, and obtain all necessary consents from them, as required by applicable data protection and electronic communication laws, in order to allow Brevo to lawfully deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies and to lawfully collect data from the devices of Contacts and Service Users. These tracers might include pixels and web beacons. The exact list of cookies and tracking devices is available
here
.
Children’s Privacy
Brevo does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. However, we cannot control the Personal Information our Customer’s collect. If a Customer chooses to input Personal Information of children under age 16 on the Services, that Customer does so under its own privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for a Customer’s failure to comply with any law designed to protect children or any other law governing the Customer’s use of our Services. Please contact the Customer directly if you have questions about their privacy practices. As part of our commitment to your privacy, we encourage you to contact us at dpo@brevo.com if you believe we might have collected any information online from a child under 16, or if you are aware of any unauthorized submission of information to us. Brevo reserves the right to delete any information from our systems if we discover it was improperly collected.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal Information about Contacts.
The Customer is responsible for determining a data retention period of the Contact Personal Information and to operate the deletion when necessary. If the Customer does not take action, Brevo retains all categories of Personal Information we collect only as long as your Brevo account remains active or as necessary to provide you with the Services you request.
Commercial relationship personal information.
We may also retain and use Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We regularly review and deidentify unnecessary Personal Information and other data and we periodically deidentify unused accounts.
Cookie Data.
Any Personal Information that we may collect using cookies or other tracing technologies is retained on our system for 12 months. In some cases, we may be required to retain this Personal Information for longer or shorter periods to meet our regulatory obligations, in which case we will retain the data for the required period.
Other Uses
In addition to the specific uses described above, Brevo might also use your Personal Information to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services and user experience.
Send you support and administrative messages.
Monitor your compliance with any of your agreements with us.
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Company and others.
Protect your privacy and enforce this Privacy Notice.
If we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons who may be causing injury to you, to us, or to others.
Comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or court order.
Fulfill any other purpose to which you consent.
Disclosing personal information
Categories
In the preceding 12 months, Brevo has disclosed all categories of Personal Information that we collected for a business purpose.
Recipients
Brevo may disclose Personal Information to the recipients described below, or to other recipients with your permission or as required by law.
Service Providers:
Brevo uses a variety of service providers such as data hosting companies, analytics services, email hosting services, and payment processors. The type of information that we share with a service provider will depend on the service that they provide to us. Our service providers are subject to contractual agreements that protect your Personal Information, and we require all service providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your Personal Information.
Government Agencies:
Occasionally Brevo may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to governmental authorities. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Services for illegal activities. Brevo reserves the right to disclose Personal Information to law enforcement and other governmental agencies, at our sole discretion in connection with an investigation of any matter that is illegal or that could expose Brevo or our affiliates to liability.
Cookie Information Recipients:
In some cases, we may allow specific cooperating entities to use
cookies
or similar technologies to collect non-personal data from your browser or device for measurement purposes. Receipt and use of such information are subject to each cookie information recipient’s Privacy Notice.
Affiliates and Third Parties:
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect about you to our affiliates like a parent company or subsidiaries. For example, we share Personal Information for Customer support purposes, marketing, or technical operations. Under specific circumstances, we may disclose Personal Information to certain third parties as permitted by applicable law, for example: if we go through a business transition (e.g., merger, acquisition, or asset sale); to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; when we believe it is appropriate to take action regarding illegal activities or prevent fraud or harm to any person; to exercise or defend our legal claims; or for any other reason with your consent.
Aggregated and Deidentified Information
We reserve the right to use and to disclose aggregated, anonymized, or deidentified information about any individuals with our affiliate companies (Brevo Group) for marketing, advertising, research and product development purposes.
Your privacy rights
Brevo believes you should have the ability to control the Personal Information we collect and hold about you on your own. You can use the methods described below to control how we collect and use your Personal Information.
Customer Accounts:
Customers can change or delete the Personal Information in their accounts at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. A Customer can delete all of their Personal Information on Brevo by closing the account.
Contact Information:
Customers can change or delete their Contacts’ Personal Information at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. If a Contact submits a Consumer Privacy Request directly to Brevo, we will relay the request to the applicable Customer for further processing.
Email Communications:
If you are a Customer or Site visitor, we may send you marketing emails about the Services. Customers may also receive informational or support emails from us. If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may change your preferences via the links provided in the emails or by sending a request to dpo@brevo.com to be removed from our email list. Note that if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Texting Consent:
If you provide us with your wireless phone number, you consent to Brevo sending you informational or service text messages. However, we will only send you marketing text messages if you opt-in to receive these notifications from us. For all Brevo text messages, the number of texts you receive will depend on the Services you use and the information you request from us. You can unsubscribe from Brevo text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges.
Do Not Track:
Do Not Track signals are signals sent through a browser informing us that you do not want to be tracked. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. If this changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice.
Depending on where you reside, you may have additional privacy rights or be entitled to additional controls over your Personal Information. Please see our supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
.
Consumer Privacy Requests
If you wish to exercise your privacy rights beyond the methods available through the Platform, or if you want to express concerns, lodge a complaint, or request information, please submit a verifiable Consumer Privacy Request using our online
Consumer Privacy Request
form or by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com.
Note that if you are a Customer’s Contact, then we process your Personal Information as a service provider to the Customer and we cannot fulfill your request directly. In that case, we will relay your request to the appropriate Customer for further processing and fulfillment, provided that we have sufficient information to do so.
Brevo can only fulfill a Consumer Privacy Request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected Personal Information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
We endeavor to respond to Consumer Privacy Requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request, we may be unable to fulfill your request in part or in whole, for example, if your request falls within a statutory exception or if fulfilling your request would prevent us from complying with a statutory or contractual obligation.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section provides residents of the State of California (“
California Consumers
”) with the disclosures and notices required under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The following paragraphs apply solely to California Consumers and describe the specific rights afforded under the CCPA. California Consumers may exercise the following rights over their Personal Information, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply:
Right to Know:
You have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information, such as: (i) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we disclose your Personal Information; and (v) a list of specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. If a business sells or shares your Personal Information, you also You also have the right to ask the company to disclose the categories of your Personal Information sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom that Personal information was sold or shared, as well as the categories of Personal information disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information. Brevo is only required to respond to two disclosure requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Access.
You have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). If you submit a right to access request, we will provide you with copies of the requested Personal Information in a portable and readily usable format. Please note that Brevo may be prohibited by law from disclosing copies of certain Personal Information when the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account. We are only required by law to respond to two access requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Correct.
If you discover that we maintain inaccurate Personal Information about you, or if your Personal Information changes, please inform us and we will update our records to reflect the correct information.
Right to Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, with certain exceptions. Brevo may permanently delete, deidentify, or aggregate the Personal Information in response to a request for deletion. If you submit a right to deletion request, we will confirm the Personal Information to be deleted prior to its deletion, and we will notify you when your request is complete.
No Selling Personal Information.
Brevo does not and will never sell your Personal Information to third parties..
Sharing Personal Information.
Brevo may share Personal Information we collect via cookies and other tracing technologies with third parties for cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes. You can opt-out of this sharing by adjusting your cookie settings or by submitting a
Consumer Privacy Request
.
Limited Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Brevo does not seek to collect sensitive Personal Information from any consumer. If a Customer chooses to input sensitive Personal Information into the Platform, we will not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about any consumer. If this ever changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice and provide you with methods to limit use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. However, we have no control over whether our Customers may use or disclose their contacts’ sensitive Personal information for any particular purpose. If you are a Contact of our Customers, please direct any questions about your sensitive Personal Information to the respective Customer.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services, because you exercised a right under the CCPA.
Right to Disclosure of Marketing Information.
Under California’s Shine the Light Act (Ca. Civ. Code § 1798.83-1798.84), California Consumers are entitled to request certain disclosures about Personal Information sharing with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes. Please contact us if you wish to obtain these disclosures.
California Consumers may exercise these rights over their Personal Information by logging into their Customer account or by sending us a verifiable
Consumer Privacy Request
, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply.
Employee Data Exception
In many cases, the Personal Information we collect about you is in a business-to-business context when you are acting as an employee to a Customer or potential Customer in the performance of your job duties. Please note that Personal Information collected and used in this context is not protected under the CCPA.
Data security
Brevo implements reasonable and appropriate security procedures and practices to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We employ a series of security measures, including a multi-level firewall, encryption, and anti-virus and intrusion detection solutions. All data is stored on secure servers in Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centers and is only accessible to our personnel and contractors via authentication measures. We ensure that Brevo employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling your inquiries are informed of applicable privacy law requirements and we restrict access to those who need that information in order to process it.
Please note, however, that no transmission of data over the internet is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not defeat our security measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. We also have no control over our Customers’ security measures or practices, and we make no representations or guarantees that your Personal Information is secure once transmitted or stored on their systems.
It is your responsibility to keep your Customer account secure from unauthorized access. We encourage our Customers to take steps to protect against unauthorized access to their accounts, such as choosing a robust password, keeping the password private, and signing off after using a shared computer or other device. Brevo is not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or any unauthorized activity on your account.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Third party websites
The Services may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties. We have no ability to control, and we are not responsible for, the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website that collects your Personal Information.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may periodically update this Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by updating this posting or by posting notice in the Services. The date that this Privacy Notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Notice. You are responsible for periodically checking this Privacy Notice for changes.
Contact Brevo
If you have questions about our privacy practices or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at dpo@brevo.com, or by mail at Brevo 1402 Third Avenue, #301, Seattle, WA 98101.
For UK based data subjects, processors, controllers, and the ICO: The representative for the UK according to Article 27 of the UK GPDR can be reached by email: dpo@brevo.com
Sub-policy 8
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps