Privacy Policy Aparteko
Aparteko provides games and related services that can be
used with friends or in a social network. Users share, sample and design games
with other people – our services unite people in fun and enjoyment. At the same
time though, we take the privacy of the User’s personal details very seriously
and handle them with great care, in keeping with data protection law. Where
applicable, before commencing play, the User consents to its personal data
being recorded and used by us in the way described in this data protection
notice. The User’s data is needed for actual technical usage, for the
communicative setup, and for our games to be further developed.
Your Consent
.
By using our website or
application, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
.
Additionally, if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those
changes on this page
Information we collect.
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and
the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the
point we ask you to provide your personal information. We collect information
from you when you fill out a form or from your social network profile (e.g.
first and last name, profile picture) when you authorize our application. When
you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including
items such as name, email address, profile picture, and telephone number. If
you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such
as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or
attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to
provide
How we use your information
We use the information to:
Provide, operate, and maintain the
     Service
Improve, personalize, and expand the
     Service
Understand and analyze how you use the
     Service
Develop new products, services,
     features, and functionality
Communicate with you to provide you
     with updates and other information relating to the Service
Find and prevent fraud and misuse of
     the Service
Information disclosure
. We do not sell, trade, or
otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to
comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others
right, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor
information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or
other uses.
Third parties
. Occasionally, at our discretion, we
may include offer third party products or services on our website. These third
party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. Therefore we have
no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of those linked sites.
Protection Act Compliance
. Because we value your
privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the COPPA
(California Online Privacy Protection Act) and COPPA (Children Online Privacy
Protection Act). We therefore will not distribute your personal information to
outside parties without your consent and we do not collect any information from
anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all
directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
CCPA
Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California
consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a
consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of
personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal
data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's
personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to
respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please
contact us.
GDPR
Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data
protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your
personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we
correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to
request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase
your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request
that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain
conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object
to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that
we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or
directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you
would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Data Deletion Request
If
you want to delete your data from our server, please send us an email to
support@aparteko.com with the subject: Data Deletion Request.If the settings dialog contains your user ID, please include it in the email body.
Security
We
are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We
provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information
we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to
authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order
to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although
we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and
maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Contact
If you have any questions about
this Privacy Policy or the Service, contact as at office@aparteko.com