Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Apprime Studio SARL (“
We
”, “
Us
” or “
Apprime Studio
”) and thank you for using our apps and websites (“
Services
”).
This Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
” or “
Agreement
”) describes the types of information collected from you (“
User(s)
” or “
you
” or “
your
“), and is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, store, secure and process the Personal Information (as defined below) you provide to us.
By creating an account (“
Account
”) whether through a mobile device, computer, tablet, other smart devices and on any other website operated and controlled by Apprime Studio (“
Website
”), or using our apps and websites (“
Services
”), you acknowledge that you have read the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and agree to comply with and be bound by our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. We use the word “
Platform
” to mean any website, application, or service offered by Apprime Studio, including content we offer and electronic communications we send.
We may make changes to this Agreement and to the Services from time to time. We may do this for a variety of reasons including to reflect changes in or requirements of the law, new features, or changes in business practices. The most recent version of this Privacy Policy will be posted on our Platform, and you should regularly check for the most recent version. The most recent version is the version that applies. If the changes include material changes that affect your rights or obligations, we will notify you in advance of the changes through the Platform or via email. If you continue to use Account and the Services after the changes become effective, then you agree to the revised agreement. You agree that this Agreement shall supersede any prior agreements (except as specifically stated herein), and shall govern your entire relationship with Apprime Studio, including but not limited to events, agreements, and conduct preceding your acceptance of this Agreement.
The Platform is operated in and controlled from Lebanon. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our Platform, please contact us on
contact@apprime.studio
.
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
Privacy of Children
Protecting children’s privacy is a compelling concern for you and for us, thus, by accessing and/or using the Services and the Platform you are representing that you are at least 13 years of age or that you have the permission of your parent or guardian to use the Services and the Platform. If we become aware that Personal Information has been collected on our Platform from a child, we will delete this information and terminate the child’s account. If you believe there is a user who is below the age of 13, please contact us at:
contact@apprime.studio
.
Collected Information
As a visitor, you can browse the Platform to find out more about our application and Website. You are not required to provide us with any personal information as a visitor.
We collect your personal information when you register with us as a User, when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or about the Services, when you use the Services and the Platform or otherwise when you contact us.
When you use our Platform and the Services, you may provide us with two types of information: (i) personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and which is collected directly when you create an Account (“
Personal Information
”) and (ii) Website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse the Website (“
Website Use Information
”).
Personal Information
If you create an Account and/or join our Platform in order to take advantage of the full range of the Services, we ask for and record some Personal Information. Without this information, we may not be able to provide you with the Services and other additional services. We ask for and collect the following Personal Information:
Account Information
. When you sign up for an Account, we require certain information such as your first name, last name, email address, username, password and date of birth.
Profile and Listing Information
. To use the Services and certain features of the Platform, we may ask you to provide additional information, which may include your address, phone number, and a profile picture.
Identity Verification Information
. We may collect identity verification information (such as images of your government issued ID, passport, national ID card as permitted by applicable laws) or other authentication information.
Payment Information
. To use the Services and certain features of the Platform, we may require you to provide certain financial information such as your bank account or credit card information in order to facilitate the processing of payments and payouts.
Communications with us
. When you communicate with us, we collect information about your communication and any information you choose to provide.
Camera permission
. The permission to access the camera is used to scan QR codes in order to connect Unplug Alarm Client with the Unplug Alarm application. The permission to access camera in Unplug Alarm is used to take photos with the “Send Photo to Client App” feature. These photos are stored and processed on our servers.
Reviews and Rates.
You may also provide reviews and rates. Apprime Studio stores and may publicly display your Reviews, Rates and comments and we may publish them with your User name.
Feedback
. If you contact us to provide feedback, register a complaint, or ask a question, we will record any Personal Information and other content you provide in your communication so we can effectively respond to your communication.
Emails.
In the event of correspondence through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We may use your email address to send you a daily email as advertising or to send you updates and news about our Platform and the Services.
Automatically Collected Information:
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Services and our Platform such as:
Device Information
. When you access the Services with a mobile device, we may collect information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Permission.
We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address.
You may choose to provide us with additional personal information in order to obtain a better user experience when using the Platform and the Services. This additional information will be processed based on our legitimate interest or, when applicable, your consent.
Website Use Information
We automatically record information relating to your use of the Services via the Website (through the use of electronic tools such as cookies, web beacons or pixel tags), such as the searches you undertake, the pages you visit, your browser or phone type, your Internet Protocol (“
IP
“) address, requested Uniform Resource Locator (“
URL
“), referring URL, and other similar types of information. We use this information to operate and administer the Website and to provide the highest possible level of service to you. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at the Website, and the websites visited just before and just after our website.
User Consent and Use of Information
By using our Platform and the Services you consent to our collection and use of your Personal Information and Website Use Information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we are processing your Personal Information based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your Account settings or by sending a communication to Apprime Studio specifying which consent you are withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
We may use, store, and process Personal Information to:
provide, understand, improve, and develop our Platform and to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
create and maintain a trusted and safer environment (such as to comply with our legal obligations and ensure compliance with Apprime Studio policies);
provide, personalize, measure, and improve our advertising and marketing;
we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to the Platform, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable;
for legal compliance purposes in order to comply with any legal provision or regulatory that may be or become imposed on us;
to verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity;
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Technical and navigational information, such as computer browser type, IP address, pages visited, and average time spent on the Website, may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility issues, or it may be analyzed to improve the Website design and functionality.
Disclosure of Personal Information:
We do not share your Personal Information with other companies, organizations and individuals unless one of the following circumstances applies:
Sharing pursuant to laws and regulations
: we may disclose certain Personal Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Sharing with your consent
: After obtaining your consent, we may share Personal Information you have authorized with specified third parties or categories of third parties to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations.
Sharing with our affiliates
: your Personal Information may be shared within our affiliates only for explicit and legitimate purposes, and the sharing is limited only to the information required by services.
Sharing with third parties
: We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who may be given access to Personal Information including your name, address, telephone number and email for the purpose of providing you information regarding services that we think will be of interest to you.  In connection with alliances, partnerships or arrangements, we may also provide certain information to third parties if we have determined that the information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible third party. We also use third parties to facilitate our business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to your Personal Information for use in connection with business activities. If we believe it is necessary, we may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; or (ii) investigate, enforce or apply our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.
Cookies and Other Navigational Tools
Apprime Studio uses its’ cookies to differentiate you from other Users. To enhance your experience with us, we store cookies on your computer and we may use Web beacons or pixel tags. Pixel tags and web beacons are graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website or in our emails to you that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies also allow us to collect non-personal information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Cookies, pixel tags and web beacons, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other Personal Information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering an Account. However, once you choose to furnish us with Personal Information, this Personal Information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on the Website. For example, we may use cookies to save your password in password-protected areas.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Apprime Studio and the Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the Platform may not work properly.
Security of your Personal Information
To protect the Personal Information we collect, we have set in place industry-approved security measures and mechanisms to safeguard your rights against any unauthorized access, use or leaks. Despite our constant efforts to set and update continuously our precautionary practices with regards to personal data protection, no system is totally guaranteed, free from any proscribed access or safe from any breach. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in unintentional disclosure of your Personal Information and you acknowledge that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure.
In addition, we only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected. The retention period may vary depending on certain key factors such as the nature, amount, sensitivity of the data in question and the potential likelihood and repercussions of unauthorized disclosure or use.
Updating and Correcting your Personal Information
You may change your Personal Information by emailing us at
contact@apprime.studio
. Please indicate your name, address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us.
We encourage you to promptly update your Personal Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions and you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Platform. It may be impossible for Apprime Studio to completely delete all of your information, even if you delete your account or unsubscribe from the Services, because we periodically backup information.
Other Websites Linked to the Platform
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Platform nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our Website, is subject to that website’s own terms and conditions and privacy policies. Please read those terms and conditions and privacy policy before proceeding.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR.
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information, we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at
contact@apprime.studio
.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
the right to access, update or to delete the Personal Information we have on you;
the right to have your Personal Information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information;
the right to request that we restrict the processing of your Personal Information;
the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Information in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;
the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your Personal Information. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide the Services without some necessary information.
Your Data Protection Rights under the California Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
CalOPPA is a law that requires commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivable the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy.
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
users can visit our site anonymously;
our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy”, and can easily be found on the page specified above on the home page of our website;
users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy page;
users are able to change their personal information by emailing us at
contact@apprime.studio
.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services.
Google Analytics
. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Services. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Firebase.
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc. You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their privacy policy.
Contact Us
If you wish to contact us on matters related to this policy, or any other matter related to Apprime Studio and the Services, you can contact us on
contact@apprime.studio
.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction and Language
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of Lebanon and subject exclusively to the Lebanese Jurisdictions. Before making any claim, you and Apprime Studio agree to try to resolve any disputes through good faith discussions. We use the term “claim” to mean any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to your use of our Platform or this Privacy Policy. You or Apprime Studio may initiate this process by sending written notice according describing the dispute and your proposed resolution. In the event that we cannot resolve the issue within thirty (30) business days following receipt of the initial notice, you or Apprime Studio may bring a claim.
If any provision of this Agreement, or any portion of such provision is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of final jurisdiction, it is the intent of the parties that all other provisions of this Agreement shall be construed to remain full valid, enforceable and binding upon the parties.
In case of any contradiction between English version of the Agreement and any other version of any other language, the English version shall prevail.