Wholesome Yum is committed to maintaining the privacy and protection of your personal information when you visit this Website. When you continue to visit this website, you are consenting to the practices described in this policy.
Personal Information Collected
You are welcome to browse this Website without providing any information about yourself. However, if you choose to contact us, leave a comment on a post, subscribe to our newsletter, opt in to receive a download, or make a purchase, we will collect “Personal Information”, including your name, email address, and IP address.
If you wish to place an Order for any digital or physical products available on this Website, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to Your Order including, without limitation, Your name, Your email, Your phone number, Your credit card number, the expiration date of Your credit card, and Your billing address.
You represent and warrant that: (i) You have the legal right to use any credit or debit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Order; and that (ii) the information You supply to us is true, correct and complete.
By submitting such information, You grant us the right to provide the information to payment processing third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Your Order.
Information Collected Through Google Analytics
Wholesome Yum uses Google Analytics to collect traffic data. All websites which collect traffic data, which is more than 1/2 of all websites on the Internet, have the ability to monitor visitor information such as IP addresses, browser type, operating system, location, date/time of visit, and information about which areas of the site are visited. The data is anonymous and does not personally identify you. It is used solely for improving the user experience of our audience as a whole.
In compliance with the GDPR, our Google Analytics does not store your full IP address. Instead, the last octet of your IP is reset to zeros before any processing or storing takes place. This means that it cannot be used to identify you at all. If you want to opt out of Google Analytics, you can
click here
to do so.
Information Collected by Advertisers
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Raptive will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about Raptive’s data usage, click here:
https://raptive.com/creator-advertising-privacy-statement/
Information Collected via Submissions
When you leave comments, fill out submission forms, or email us, you have the option of providing your name, blog or website url, or other information. This Personal Information may become a permanent part of the Website when you provide it with a comment, and can be seen by other visitors to the site. The email address field supplied when leaving a comment will not be publicly displayed.
Information Collected via the Wholesome Yum App
We collect personal and sensitive user data when you interact with our Wholesome Yum App mobile app.  Depending on the features of the app that you utilize, we may collect your name, email address, IP address, payment information, health statistics from connected Health Devices via Google’s Health Connect, and your dietary preferences. Security of this data is of outmost importance and will be secured as described in the “Security of Information” section in this document.
How We Use Data Collected
Personal Information we collect may be used as follows:
To improve the user experience of our Website.
To send you information or products.
To execute a giveaway, contest, survey, or other site feature.
To promote our content on social media or other places on the Internet.
Sharing of Information
We may share your information with our business partners who provide core services to our business, including but not limited to email newsletter or data storage providers. They have permission to use the information only to perform their business obligations to Wholesome Yum.
Opt Out or Removal of Personal Information
You may choose not to provide any Personal Information. If you have already provided it, you may
contact us
if you prefer to have it removed. Be aware that this may limit your ability to use some of our products and features on the Website.
If you wish to opt out of email newsletters or push notifications, you can do this on your own. Use the unsubscribe link from the newsletter, or remove the push notification from your browser, respectively.
In compliance with the GDPR, we will erase all data on our side upon request. For any data that resides on your computer, such as cookies or push notification opt-in, you would need to remove it yourself.
Access to and Transfer of Personal Information
You have the right to access what Personal Information we have stored for you, if any, and you are free to give another provider access to the data. Please
contact us
if you would like your data sent to you.
Sale of Information
If we decide to sell all or part of this Website in the future, your Personal Information will be included as part of the assets made available to the new owner.
Security of Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your Personal Information with third parties, unless required by law. Data is stored securely without access by unauthorized parties.
To protect your sensitive data, we use encryption and other security measures. All sensitive data is encrypted during transmission to prevent unauthorized access, loss, alteration, or disclosure. We regularly review and update our security practices to ensure the highest level of protection for your data.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
We comply with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under 13 years of age. The content of this Website is directed at adults, not children. Please contact us immediately if you find a child under 13 using this Website.
Third Party Websites
This Website provides links to other websites for your convenience. Wholesome Yum has no control over and assumes no liability for the actions, products, services, content, privacy policies, or terms of these sites. Please review their policies before proceeding.
Questions & Updates
If you have any questions about this policy, please
contact us
.
This policy was last updated on July 22, 2024.