Make Your Life More Easier
Never worry about carrying cash again with the Somalia's first fully featured digital wallet.
Amazing Feature
Everything on premier wallet is blazing fast. You can onboard in minutes, pay your friends, bills, or merchants in one tap.Your personal and financial data is encrypted and saved on our secure servers. Your money is safe with us.
Instant transfers
It allows for an easy, quick, and convenient way to perform a peer-to-peer transfer. You can transfer money to another wallet and even to non-wallet customers. The Premier digital wallet solution also enables you to add your friends into your favorite list.
Finance Management
Never wonder again where you spent your money last week. Premier wallet remembers every payment and request you made and even groups them by categories for easy sorting.
Pay your bills in one go
Why jump from app to app to handle your bills and monthly dues? We have put them all under one tab for you.
Scan and pay
Pay at merchants are very simple.Just scan, fill in the amount, and pay. Also,add merchants in your favorite list for quick pay.
Mobile Banking
Through the premier wallet solution, bank’s customers can perform the following activities:
Add New Account
Request Cheque Book
Balance Enquiry
Mini Statement
Fund Transfer
Add/Remove Card
Change Card Pin
Add Beneficiary
Offers and Cashback
Premier wallet provides many daily and occasional promo codes and cash backs.Be a part of wallet family and save a lot of money on your premier wallet account with our jaw-dropping deals and heavy cashback offers.
Show me my money
Access your money via Merchants, bank branches or just transfer it back to your bank account with one simple tap.
Service Requests
Using the premier wallet account, Customers can carry out service requests like accessing transaction detail, viewing the full statement, change the language and inviting a friend.
Security First
Your safety is our top priority. We make sure our customers are able to process payments securely with the utmost peace of mind.
Here’s how we keep every part of every transaction secure:
PCI compliance
Encrypted transactions
Fraud monitoring and alert tools
Periodically perform Load, Regression, Security and Stress testing
Ongoing and automatic security technology upgrades to our wallet platform
Amazing Screens
Optimize your resources & evaluate your business with Premier Wallets, your digital payments partner.
How to get started
Download premier wallet App
Follow easy registration steps
Load your wallet
You’re ready to go
Premier Wallet for Business
Optimize your resources & evaluate your business with Premier Wallets, your digital payments partner.
Get In Touch
Address
Mogadishu HQ Branch:
KM4, Maka AL mukarama Street Hodan District.
Hargeisa HQ Branch:
Durdur Business Center, Road No.1, 26 Jun District.
Phone
920247 - Mogadisho
600247 - Mogadhisho
363 - Hargeisa
Email
info@premierbank.so
SEND
PREMIER WALLET PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
Premier Bank respects your privacy and provides this Privacy Policy (the "
Policy
") to help you understand how it collects and uses the information you submit, or which is otherwise collected, when you access or use the Premier Wallet service.
This Policy only governs the collection and use of information collected through or in connection with the Premier Wallet service.
This Policy does not apply to the data collection and use practices of any third parties you may contract with using or in connection with the Premier Wallet service, including but not limited to merchants or your mobile service provider.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE PREMIER WALLET SERVICE.
Definitions
In this Policy:
"
Identification Data
" means any data in a form which can identify you, whether you are an individual user or a merchant or utility provider;
"
Non-identifying Data
" means information in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with you or any other natural or legal person; and
"You"
means an individual, merchant or utility provider who accesses or uses the Premier Wallet services.
What information does Premier Bank collect?
The information we collect and store about you includes but is not limited to the following:
Personal Data
Demographic and other personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) that you voluntarily give to us when choosing to participate in various activities related to the Premier Wallet services.
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Premier Wallet service, such as your native actions that are integral to the Premier Wallet service, including accessing the offers and services or raising a query as well as other interactions with the Premier Wallet service and other users via server log files.
Financial Data
Financial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services from the Premier Wallet service.
Social media Permissions
The Premier Wallet service may be shared to friends by using, and not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Linked In, and Instagram. Please note that basic account information, including your name, email, gender, birthday, current city, and profile picture URL, as well as other information that you choose to make public, shall be covered in the respective site’s permission terms available on the social media pages. We may also request other permissions related to your account, such as concerning friends, check-ins, and experience, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission.
Geo-Location Information
We may request access or permission to track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using the Premier Wallet service, to provide location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s Bluetooth, calendar, camera, contacts, microphone, reminders, sensors, SMS messages, social media accounts, storage, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data
Device information such as your mobile device ID number, model, and manufacturer, version of your operating system, phone number, country, location, and any other data you choose to provide.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the Premier Wallet service. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Third-Party Data
Information from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and grant the Application permission to access this information.
How does Premier Bank use your information?
Premier Bank uses the information it collects:
to provide the payment and associated services within the Premier Wallet service to you;
to evaluate, improve and develop our services and to notify you about these changes;
to administer our services, including for troubleshooting and testing purposes;
to help keep the Premier Wallet service and Premier Bank's systems and services safe and secure;
to send you marketing communications;
to show you advertisements and promotions which are relevant to you and to measure the effectiveness of such services;
to respond to you when you contact Premier Bank;
for the purposes of anti-money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud monitoring; and
to enforce other legal agreements between you and Premier Bank.
When will Premier Bank disclose your information?
Premier Bank has an obligation to keep your Identification Data confidential and to make it available only:
to you;
to the Central Bank of the Somalia (the "
Central Bank
");
to another regulatory authority which is approved to receive the data by the Central Bank;
by the order of a Somali court; or
to Any Credit Bureau for the purposes of credit scoring and other parties as necessary for compliance with anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws.
Any Non-identifying Data Premier Bank collects is aggregated with the data of other users and may be disclosed for the purposes described in this Policy without your further consent or any other restriction.
How does Premier Bank protect your information?
Premier Bank has put in place technical and operational measures to protect your information from accidental loss or destruction and unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or use.
Where does Premier Bank hold your information?
Premier Bank has an obligation to store your Identification Data, including transaction records, on servers within the territory of the Republic of Somalia. Premier Bank may transfer Non-identifying Data to locations outside the Republic of Somalia without your further consent or any other restriction.
Non-Compliance with this Policy
Premier Bank shall have the right to terminate any agreement with you for failure to comply with the provisions of this policy and reject any application for information contrary to this policy.
Amendments to this Policy
Premier Bank reserves the right to amend or modify this statement at any time by giving reasonable notice to you. If you do not agree with any change made by Premier Bank to this Policy, your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the Premier Wallet service.
Help and Support
You can access help and support or file a complaint in relation to this Policy by contacting the Premier Wallet Contact Centre. Our contact details are as follows:
PREMIER WALLET TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED BELOW) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE PREMIER WALLET SERVICE (AS DEFINED BELOW). BY ACCESSING OR USING THE PREMIER WALLET SERVICE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR CONSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE PREMIER WALLET SERVICE. PREMIER BANK (AS DEFINED BELOW) RESERVES THE RIGHT, TO MODIFY OR UPDATE THIS AGREEMENT FROM TIME TO TIME AS IT DEEMS FIT WHICH MODIFICATIONS OR UPDATES SHALL AUTOMATICALLY BE BINDING ON YOU UPON PUBLICATION AT (Insert website).  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CHECK REGULARLY FOR UPDATES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AT THE ABOVE SITE, AND TO IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE USE OF THE PREMIER WALLET SERVICE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY UPDATE OR MODIFICATION TO THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE PREMIER WALLET SERVICE FOLLOWING THE PUBLICATION OF A MODIFIED OR UPDATED AGREEMENT AS DESCRIBED ABOVE SHALL SIGNIFY YOUR CONSENT AND AGREEMENT TO THE MODIFIED OR UPDATED AGREEMENT, EFFECTIVE AT THE DATE OF PUBLICATION.  IF YOU ARE ACCESSING OR USING THE PREMIER WALLET SERVICE ON BEHALF OF A CORPORATE ENTITY, YOU HEREBY REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO PREMIER BANK THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT CORPORATE ENTITY, AND THAT YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT CORPORATE ENTITY.
1.
Introduction
These Terms and Conditions govern the provision of the Premier Wallet Service by Premier Bank Limited to the individual accessing or using the Premier Wallet Service or, if the individual is accessing or using the Premier Wallet Service on behalf of a corporate entity, to that corporate entity (such individual or corporate entity, “You”, “Your”), together with the other constituent parts of the Agreement between Premier Bank and You, as described below.
This Agreement contains the complete terms and conditions that apply to your participation in the Premier Wallet service owned and operated by Premier Bank and supersedes all other agreements entered into between you and Premier Bank of P.O. Box ___ with respect to the Premier Wallet service. These terms and conditions take effect on the date of publication. By participating in or continuing to use the Premier Wallet service you shall be deemed to be making an affirmative statement of your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
2.
Definitions
2.1
“Account”
means your Premier Wallet account, being the record maintained by us of the amount of E-Money from time to time held by you and represented by an equivalent amount of cash held by the Trustee on your behalf;
2.2
“Affiliate”
means, in relation to a party, any company or other legal entity which directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under the common control of the third party with such party. For the purposes of this clause, “
control
” as used with respect to any entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or exercise a controlling influence on the management or policies of such entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
2.3
“Agreement”
means, collectively, these Premier Wallet Terms and Conditions, the Premier Wallet Privacy Policy, the Service Application Form (and all information provided in it), and any other documents incorporate by reference herein.
2.4
“Cash”
means the lawful currency of ____;
2.5
“Charges”
means the fee payable by the Customer in relation to each transaction as published by Premier Bank from time to time on the Digital Channels.
2.6
“Content”
means any information (whether pictures, data or any other content) made available, displayed or transmitted in connection with the Service including, without limitation, information made available by means of the Premier Wallet Application, any third party information or posting or content made available by means of an HTML “hyperlink”, all trademarks and domain names contained in such information, as well as contents of any bulletin boards or chat forums, and all upgrades, updates, modifications and other versions of any of the foregoing).
2.7
“Digital channels”
means:
i.            the Premier Wallet website made available by or on behalf of Premier Bank from time to time, including the website available at (insert website); and
ii.            the Premier Wallet Application.
2.8
“Premier Wallet Application”
means the Premier Wallet mobile application made available by or on behalf of Premier Bank from time to time.
2.9
“Premier Wallet Contact Centre”
means the customer service contact center established by Premier Bank from time to time to receive, investigate, and resolve customer queries and complaints in relation to the Premier Wallet Service.
2.10
“Premier Wallet services”
or
“Premier Wallet”
means the money transfer services provided by Premier Bank including issuance, management, and redemption;
2.11
“Premier Wallet system”
or
“Premier Wallet”
means the system operated by Premier Bank providing the Premier Wallet services;
2.12
“Goods and Services”
means any product or service that you may purchase from Merchants (including payment of bills from utilities or other service providers) where payment for such product or service is made through your Account and the Service.
2.13
“Premier Bank”
means Premier Bank Ltd is the owner of the Premier Wallet trademark and operator of the Premier Wallet services.
2.14
“Premier Wallet Point of Sale”
means each retail location of a Merchant or another Premier Bank partner where the Customer is able to initiate Transactions.
2.15
“Merchant”
means any person or entity which is a party to a Merchant Agreement with Premier Bank Limited.
2.16
“Merchant Agreement”
means a merchant agreement pursuant to which the Merchant agrees to accept payment for Goods and Services through the Premier Wallet Service.
2.17
“Mobile Device”
means a mobile device (phone/tablet etc.) that allows access to the Premier Wallet Service through a registered SIM Card, via a webpage or Premier Wallet application on any operating system.
2.18
“Payment Method”
means each method of paying for a Transaction that is offered by Premier Bank as part of the Premier Wallet Service from time to time, including (as may be made available by Premier Bank from time to time):
i.            using stored value credited to your Account to pay for a Transaction;
ii.            using funds from Your credit or debit card to pay for a Transaction or increase the stored value in your Account, and
iii.            redeeming (insert name of loyalty points if any) to pay for a Transaction or increase the stored value in your Account.
2.19
“Security PIN Code”
means your personal identification number is the password you choose to access and operate your account and includes the one-time 4-digit PIN sent to you on registration for the purpose of activating your Account;
2.20
“Service Application Form”
means the Service Application Form(s) accessible at the Premier Wallet website or on the mobile wallet application, where You will be requested to fill in your personal information and any additional information that may be required in order to apply for the Premier Wallet  Service, and thereafter any other application form that Premier Bank may request you to complete from time to time in order to avail any additional facilities made available by Premier Bank under the Service;
2.21
“SIM Card”
means the subscriber identity module which when used with the appropriate mobile phone equipment enables you to use the Premier Wallet Services;
2.22
“Transaction”
means
i.            any instruction from You to purchase Goods and Services using the Payment Methods;
ii.            any instruction from You to add stored value into your Account using the Payment Methods;
iii.            any instruction from you to transfer stored value held in your Account to the Premier Wallet account of another Customer;
iv.            any instruction from You to redeem stored value in your Account for an equivalent amount of Somali Shillings paid in cash at Premier Wallet partner locations designated by Premier Bank from time to time, or credited to an account nominated and held by You at a bank licensed by the Central Bank of Somalia; and
v.            any other operation which Premier Bank may permit you to initiate in respect of your Account from time to time.
2.23
“You”
or
“your”
means the Premier Wallet Customer who has registered to use the Premier Wallet Service;
3.
Service description
3.1
As part of the Premier Wallet Services, You may from time to time request the execution of a Transaction by Premier Bank using one of the then-available Payment Methods in accordance with this Agreement. Premier Bank will use reasonable endeavors to complete the Transaction You request, always subject to:
a)        Your compliance with this Agreement;
b)        the execution of the Transaction being compliant with applicable laws, and
c)        the Payment Method You designate and the funds required to pay for the Transaction being available and authorized at the time the Transaction is processed.
3.2
Premier Bank shall issue an electronic confirmation receipt to You to advise if a Transaction You request has been successfully completed or will alternatively inform you by electronic means if the Transaction has been rejected.  A Transaction shall be considered successfully completed only on Premier Bank issuing electronic confirmation receipt to You.
3.3
Each time You pay for a Transaction You request using Somali shillings equivalent amount of stored value held in your Account (including Transactions for the purchase of Goods and Services and Transactions for redeeming stored value in your Account for Somali shillings equivalent), you hereby irrevocably authorize and direct Premier Bank to debit your Account by that amount immediately upon Premier Bank confirming the successful completion of the Transaction.
3.4
You hereby irrevocably authorize Premier Bank to debit your Account by the amount of any then-applicable Charges upon the successful completion of each Transaction You request.
3.5
At its sole discretion, Premier Bank may introduce new Premier Wallet Services or discontinue any existing Premier Wallet Services from time to time and at any time without notice.
3.6
All Transactions from the Account must be authorized by You using the Security PIN Code or by such other methods that Premier Bank may implement from time to time. For each Transaction with a Merchant, You may be required to present your proof of identity (such as a valid passport or an ID) in order to affect the Transaction, and the identification documents You present may be recorded by the Merchant.
3.7
Each Transaction will be issued with a unique transaction number that is included in the confirmation electronic receipt sent to You. This transaction number is used to track and identify all Transactions carried out on your Account and You will be required to provide such transaction number if you wish to query any Transaction on your Account.
3.8
Premier Bank shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that all Transaction requests are processed in a timely manner. However, Premier Bank makes no representations or warranties as to continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the Premier Wallet service, which may be affected by factors outside the control of Premier Bank, or may be subject to periodic testing, repair, maintenance or upgrades.
4.
Age restrictions
Certain features, functionalities, and/or facilities within the Service will only be made available and can be used by customers over the age of 18, as will be set out in the Service Application Form that you will be required to complete to access such facilities.  You hereby represent and warrant that You have provided true information about Your age and that You will not knowingly use any part of the Service which is not open for use by Customers of Your age.
5.
Commencement and Application Process
5.1
This Agreement is valid and binding on and from the date on which Premier Bank provides electronic confirmation to You that your Account has been opened (“the
Effective Date
”).
5.2
The application process for the Premier Wallet Service may be completed electronically. However, depending on the information that You provided when applying for the Service, Premier Bank may require You to complete all or parts of the application process in person to verify your identity and/or provide original documents.
5.3
Depending on your age, or the level of identity verification you have provided, Premier Bank may place limits on which features, functionalities, and/or facilities are available to You under the Service and/or place limits on your Transactions.
5.4
If and when Premier Bank introduces new features, functionalities, and/or facilities within the Service, in order to access these, You may be required to provide additional identity verification documents in person.
5.5
You shall at all times keep the information You have provided to Premier Bank as part of the Service application process or otherwise (including without limitation information about Your name, bank account details, residency and immigration status, passport, visa and ID details, and contact information) up to date and shall immediately advise Premier Bank in writing of any changes to any such information.
6.
Liability
6.1
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Premier Bank shall have no liability under or in connection with this Agreement (except liability for fraud) for any loss of business, loss of business opportunity, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of anticipated savings, loss of goodwill, business interruption, wasted expenditure or for loss of any other economic advantage however it may arise, or for data loss or data corruption, or for any indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential loss, even if Premier Bank has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses.
6.2
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, and subject to clause 6.1 above, the total liability of Premier Bank under or in connection with this Agreement in connection with a Transaction shall be limited to the value of that Transaction.
6.3
If You are not satisfied with the quality of the Premier Wallet Service or the manner in which it is provided, or object to any variation to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable laws your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Premier Wallet Service.
6.4
You shall be fully and solely liable for and bear all Charges, losses, and damages arising from any Transaction which is authorized using Your Security PIN Code and/or other authentication credentials for using the Premier Wallet Service which Premier Bank may issue to You from time to time (“
Credentials
”), unless You have notified Premier Bank in writing or through any Digital Channels which Premier Bank makes available expressly for such purpose that Your Security PIN Code and/or Credentials have been stolen or compromised.
6.5
If You disclose Your Security PIN Code and/or Credentials to a third party, or if You fail to safeguard and protect Your Security PIN Code and/or Credentials using reasonable care and as a result Your Security PIN Code and/or Credentials are used by any third party to authorize one or more Transactions, then to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, You will indemnify and hold Premier Bank and its employees, officers, directors and shareholders harmless for any losses, liabilities, damages, costs (excluding any opportunity cost or cost of funding), expenses (including management time and reasonable legal fees) and charges  arising out of or in relation to any such Transaction until the earlier of (a) the time when You change the Security PIN Code and/or Credentials, and (b) the time when Premier Bank receives notification from You (in writing or through any Digital Channels which Premier Bank makes available expressly for such purpose) that Your Security PIN Code and/or Credentials have been compromised or stolen.
6.6
You shall be fully and solely liable for the losses related to any Transaction where You are proven to have acted fraudulently or are otherwise found to be in breach of this Agreement.
6.7
In the event of fraud, loss, or theft of the SIM Card or Mobile Device, You are obliged to immediately notify Premier Bank in writing or through any Digital Channels which Premier Bank makes available expressly for such purpose of the same in order that Premier Bank may freeze your Account. Charges may be applicable if your service provider requires to replace the SIM Card and You will be responsible for the payment of such charges and for any Transaction effected up to the time You froze your Account or requested Premier Bank to freeze it. You will indemnify and hold Premier Bank and its employees, officers, directors, and shareholders harmless for any losses, liabilities, damages, costs (excluding any opportunity cost or cost of funding), expenses (including management time and reasonable legal fees) and charges arising out of or in relation to any Transactions requested or made with your Mobile Device and SIM Card prior to Premier Bank freezing your Account pursuant to Your notification, as described above.
6.8
Whilst Premier Bank takes the utmost care in securing all communications, please note that the confidentiality of communications via any public telecommunications network is susceptible to unlawful interception and hacking, especially through public Wi-Fi. Premier Bank shall not be liable for any loss or damage whether direct or consequential arising out of any such unlawful interception or access.
6.9
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Premier Bank shall not be liable for any purchase, delivery, fitness for purpose and/or warranty of any Goods and Services purchased by You from any third party (including a Merchant) using the Account or otherwise through a Premier Wallet Service. You will be bound to the sales agreement entered between You and the relevant Merchant. For any issues with the Goods and Services obtained from the Merchant, You should contact and register your complaints with the Merchant and/or the payment services provider who supports the Payment Method (e.g. credit card provider) that you have used.
6.10
If you request any Transaction to redeem stored value in your Account for a Somali shillings equivalent amount in cash at a designated Premier Wallet partner location, You acknowledge and agree that it is solely Your responsibility to verify the correct amount and authenticity of the banknotes You receive at the time the Transaction is executed and that Premier Bank shall have no liability to You in that respect to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law.
6.11
Any misuse of the Service by You in breach of the Agreement shall be at Your sole risk and cost. You will indemnify and hold Premier Bank and its employees, officers, directors and shareholders harmless for any losses, liabilities, damages, costs (excluding any opportunity cost or cost of funding), expenses (including management time and reasonable legal fees) and charges arising out of or in relation to any third party claim to the extent such claim relates to any breach of the Agreement. This is without prejudice to other rights and remedies Premier Bank may have under the Agreement or otherwise, including its right to initiate such criminal or civil proceedings it may deem appropriate against You.
6.12
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Premier Bank disclaims all liability whatsoever, for any loss of data howsoever caused including non-delivery, misuse or miss-delivery or for any interruption, suspension or termination of Service.
6.13
Premier Bank is not responsible for material or information contained in any third-party content that is accessible or provided through or in connection with the Service.  The Customer is solely responsible for all Content that he/she transmits by any means, and for determining the suitability of all accessed Content.
6.14
At its sole discretion Premier Bank reserves the right to screen Transactions and to reject any Transaction (a) which Premier Bank determines in its sole discretion would violate applicable law or the risk policies of Premier Bank and/or its partner financial institutions, or (b) if Premier Bank suspects You are in breach of the Agreement, or that fraudulent or illegal activity is taking place. Premier Bank shall bear no responsibility for a Transaction that Premier Bank rejects in accordance with this clause 6.13. Premier Bank will provide You with electronic notification of any Transaction which is rejected, and where possible, the reasons for such rejection.
6.15
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Premier Bank will not be liable to You for any losses You suffer or costs You incur because:
i)                      You are unable to access or use the Premier Wallet Service, and Premier Bank makes no commitment to the availability of the Service and shall not be liable for any planned or unplanned outages;
ii)                    any device (including Your Mobile Device), hardware or software you use in connection with the Premier Wallet Service is damaged, corrupted, hacked or fails to work;
iii)                   Premier Wallet Service does not work as You expect, does not meet your requirements or contains errors or defects or Premier Bank fails to correct these in any specified time;
iv)                   There is a reduced level or failure of third-party service providers to provide many services including but not limited to software providers, mobile operators, merchants, payment schemes, etc.
6.16
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Premier Bank shall not be liable for any Transactions which it rejects because of insufficient funds in your Account or if You have elected to use another Payment Method to fund the Transaction, lack of authorization for sufficient funds for any reason.
6.17
Nothing in this clause 6 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall operate to limit or exclude liability of either party which cannot be limited or excluded under applicable law.
6.18
The provisions of this clause 6 (Liability) shall survive the termination of the Agreement.
7.
Representation and Warranties
7.1
You represent and warrant that all information provided by You to Premier Bank, including information provided in the Service Application Form, is true and complete, and that it is not misleading.
7.2
Any breach of undertaking, warranty or representation by You will entitle Premier Bank to suspend or terminate the Premier Wallet Service and this Agreement with immediate effect and claim any contractual and other damages for such breach.
8.
Customers Obligations
8.1
You undertake to:
8.1.1
Protect the secrecy of the Security PIN Code and Credentials at all times and ensure that the same is not revealed or disclosed to any third party whomsoever. In the event You become aware or suspect that Your Security PIN Code and/or Credentials have been compromised or disclosed to another person or entity, You are obliged to immediately change the Security PIN Code and/or Credentials and notify Premier Bank (through any Digital Channels which Premier Bank makes available expressly for such purpose or by contacting the Premier Wallet Contact Centre);
8.1.2
Use only your Security PIN Code and Credentials for accessing the Premier Wallet Service and You must ensure the secrecy of the same and safeguard by changing your Security PIN Code and Credentials from time to time to enhance security;
8.1.3
Keep your Mobile Device and SIM Card safe at all times and if any unauthorized use, fraud, loss, or theft occurs (or You suspect has occurred) immediately freeze your Account (if you are able to do so) and report such occurrence to Premier Bank. Upon receiving such information, Premier Bank will disable your Account to prevent further use of the Premier Wallet Service until the same has been replaced or a new Security PIN Code has been issued to You.  Notification of any fraud, loss, or theft of the Mobile Device or SIM Card may be given by any Digital Channels which Premier Bank makes available expressly for such purpose or contacting the Premier Wallet Contact Centre.  You agree that you are required by the applicable law to, and will, report to Premier Bank any unauthorized or incorrectly executed Transaction within thirty (30) days from the debit value date.
8.1.4
Ensure that You comply with any Federal Republic of Somalia restrictions for downloading, using or otherwise exporting the Premier Wallet Application (including any encryption keys or similar content stored in the Premier Wallet Application) subject to the applicable laws, regulations, and Premier Bank’s policies;
8.1.5
Only download the Premier Wallet Application from a site or online store which is approved by Premier Bank;
8.1.6
Comply with the rules appropriate for any other network that You access through the Premier Wallet Service;
8.1.7
Not carry out or allow any intellectual property rights infringement;
8.1.8
Not remove, obscure, or alter Premier Bank’s or any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to, contained within or accessed using the Premier Wallet Application;
8.1.9
Use any Premier Bank or third-party Content made available through the Premier Wallet Service solely for your personal use (if You are an individual) or internal business purposes (if You are an entity) unless otherwise agreed by Premier Bank.
8.1.10
Not to use, copy, display, distribute, modify, broadcast, translate, reproduce, reverse engineer, reformat, incorporate into advertisements and other works, sell, trade-in, promote, create derivative works, or in any way exploit or allow others to exploit any part of the Service, the Premier Wallet Application or any Premier Wallet Content in whole or in part except as expressly authorized by Premier Bank;
8.1.11
Not attempt to derive income from the use or provision of the Premier Wallet Service without being authorized by Premier Bank;
8.1.12
Not use the Premier Wallet Service in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Premier Wallet Service or the Premier Wallet network, or any third-party networks connected to any Premier Wallet services or interfere with any other party or customers use and enjoyment of any Premier Wallet services;
8.1.13
Not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Premier Wallet Service or Premier Wallet accounts or any other third-party networks linked through Premier Wallet by hacking, reverse engineering or any other unauthorized means;
8.1.14
Comply with any instructions regarding the use of the Premier Wallet Service as Premier Bank may from time to time consider necessary to issue in order to maintain the integrity, quality and safety of the Service for all Customers and such instructions shall be binding upon You and be deemed to form an integral part of the Agreement;
8.1.15
Not use the Premier Wallet Service or the Premier Wallet Application in any unlawful manner, for unlawful purposes or in any manner inconsistent with this Agreement, or act fraudulently or maliciously;
8.1.16
Not introduce into or through the Premier Wallet Application or otherwise into the Premier Wallet Service any computer virus, ‘trojan horse’, worm, logic bomb, back door, malware or similar item whose purpose or possible function is to disable a computer or network or adversely affect its performance;
8.1.17
Use appropriate virus scanning software and take other reasonable precautions in respect of the security of your device when accessing or using the Premier Wallet Application;
8.1.18
Cooperate in any investigation conducted by Premier Bank or a governmental or regulatory body in connection with the Services, and provide confirmation of your identity or of any other information requested by Premier Bank or a governmental or regulatory body; and
8.1.19
Not take any action that may cause Premier Bank to lose any of its business partners, including Merchants and other partners.
9.
Premier Bank Obligations
9.1
Premier Bank will provide such of the Services as it makes available from time to time to the Customer in accordance with this Agreement and as and to the extent permitted under applicable laws.
9.2
Subject to clause 6, Premier Bank shall use reasonable endeavors to ensure the correct execution of each Transaction which is requested in accordance with this Agreement and complies with the requirements of this Agreement and applicable law.
9.3
Subject to clause 6 above, in the event Premier Bank completes a Transaction which results in the debiting of your Account but which Transaction is not authorized by the use of Your PIN Code or Credentials (or which is processed using Your PIN Code or Credentials after You have notified Premier Bank that Your PIN Code and Credentials have been compromised or stolen and Premier Bank has frozen your Account), Premier Bank shall promptly refund the full amount by which your Account was debited, except where the processing of the Transaction was the result of fraud by You or any third party acting on directions by or in collusion with You.
9.4
Premier Bank shall use reasonable endeavors and have in place and comply with systems, policies and practices reasonably designed to ensure that any stored value in your Account is not accessible to third parties (except where the third-party gains access through the use of Your PIN Code, Credentials, Mobile Device or SIM Card).  Subject to clause 6, where your account is debited with an amount of stored value without the use of Your PIN Code or Credentials, and such unauthorized debiting is directly and solely caused by failure by Premier Bank to comply with the preceding sentence, Premier Bank shall promptly refund the full amount by which your Account was debited, except where the debiting was the result of fraud by You or any third party acting on directions by or in collusion with You.
10.
Data Collection & Protection Policy
10.1
Premier Bank is concerned about the privacy of your personal information and data and is committed to protecting your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy, available at (insert website) (“
Premier Wallet Privacy Policy
”), and the laws of the Federal Republic of Somalia. The Premier Wallet Privacy Policy forms part of this Agreement, and you confirm you have read, understood, and accepted the terms of the same.
10.2
You agree that your personal information provided to Premier Bank (other than any user identification data and transaction records may be used and retained by Premier Bank, and that, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, Premier Bank may use, process, disclose and transfer Your personal information for the purposes of providing the Premier Wallet Service and/or other services including marketing and research purposes (whether in the Federal Republic of Somalia or abroad) to Premier Bank agents, contractors, any telecommunications operators, any third-party service providers, any third-party collection agencies, any credit reference agencies, any security agencies, any credit providers, banks, financial institutions, Premier Bank professional advisers, our Affiliates, any other persons under a duty of confidentiality to Premier Bank, and any of Premier Bank actual or proposed assignees or transferees of Premier Bank rights.
10.3
You agree and acknowledge that Premier Bank:
a)        shall retain and store user identification data and transaction records in the Federal Republic of Somalia, and
b)        may disclose such data and records to the Central Bank of Somalia and other governmental and regulatory bodies or pursuant to a court order.
10.4
You accept that Premier Bank may disclose or receive personal information or documents about You or other related know your customer (KYC) information provided by You to Premier Bank:
i)          to and from local and international law enforcement or any competent regulatory or governmental agencies to assist in the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal activities or fraud;
ii)        to facilitate Premier Bank’s ability to fulfill legal, governmental or regulatory requirements; and
iii)       to Premier Bank’s legal representatives or auditors or to the applicable court in connection with any legal or audit proceedings (notwithstanding that any such proceedings may be of a public nature).
10.5
You consent and hereby authorize that your communications and preferences connected to your use of the Service may be monitored or recorded for use in business practices such as quality control, training, ensuring effective systems operation, prevention of unauthorized use of our telecommunications system and detection and prevention of crime.
10.6
By using the Premier Wallet Service, You consent to Premier Bank accessing information about your Mobile Device for the purpose of registration and authentication when using the Premier Wallet Application. You consent to the Premier Wallet Service and Premier Wallet Application using cookies which are needed for them to work effectively.
10.7
Certain elements of the Service, may make use of location data sent from Your Mobile Device. You can turn off this functionality at any time by turning off the location services settings on Your Mobile Device. If You use these elements of the Service, You consent to Premier Bank and its partners and licensees transmission, collection, maintenance, processing, and use of Your location data and queries to provide and improve location-based and road traffic-based products and services. You may withdraw this consent at any time by turning off the location services settings on Your Mobile Device.
10.8
Access to any other third-party software through the Premier Wallet Application (iOS and Android versions), if applicable, is subject to You accepting separate terms and conditions or entering an end-user license agreement with such third parties, at your sole discretion, and Premier Bank bears no responsibility with respect to such third-party services, or with respect to providing to You any elements of the Service which rely on or require the use of third-party services which are not made available for use by You (whether as a result of You declining the applicable third-party license agreement or otherwise).
10.9
Device Images/Media: Our app requests access to your device images/media to allow you to set a personalized profile picture. We only access and use images/media for this specific purpose.
10.11
Profile Picture: The primary purpose of accessing your device images/media is to enable you to set a profile picture within the app. We do not use or share this information for any other purpose.
10.11
QR Code Picture: The primary purpose of accessing your device images/media is to read the QR Code from the picture within the app. We do not use or share this information for any other purpose.
11.
Charges
11.1
Charges payable for the execution of each Transaction will be deducted from your Account on the successful completion of each Transaction. The typical Charges that will be levied for Transactions can be found on the Digital Channels and may be updated from time to time by Premier Bank without notice, including as a result of changes to the
Customer Charges and Fees
tariff established by the Premier Bank Ltd from time to time.
11.2
You will be advised of the Charges which will apply to a Transaction You request before the Transaction is completed and given an opportunity to cancel it if you do not agree with such Charges.  However, Premier Bank shall not reimburse You for any Charges which You have accepted, except where a Transaction is reversed in the circumstances described in clauses 9.3 and/or 9.4 above.  You may check the balance on your Account at any time using any then-available interfaces on the Digital Channels.
12.
License and Right to Use
12.1
Otherwise than as expressly stated in this Agreement, no rights in or license to any intellectual property rights (including any patents, designs, know-how, trademarks, or copyright) of either party are granted, transferred or implied by the Agreement.
12.2
Premier Bank grants You a personal, limited, revocable, non-exclusive, and non-transferable license to access and use the Service and the Premier Wallet Application only as expressly permitted in this Agreement and for the duration of this Agreement.
12.3
Any violation by You of this Agreement shall be deemed to be also a breach by You of the license granted by Premier Bank under clause 12.2 and may result in the immediate termination of this Agreement and/or your right to use the Service, as well as potential liability for copyright and other intellectual property rights infringement.
12.4
You hereby irrevocably grant Premier Bank a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license and right to use any Content that You choose to submit via the Service (such as, without limitation, feedback, and comments), and all intellectual property rights therein for any purpose or use by Premier Bank.
12.5
For the purpose of this Agreement, “use” means use, copy, display, distribute, modify, translate, reformat, incorporate into advertisements and other works, promote, create derivative works, and in the case of third-party services, allow their users and others to do the same. You grant Premier Bank the right to use the name or username that you submit in connection with the Premier Wallet Service. You irrevocably waive and cause to be waived, any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution against Premier Bank, any third-party services and Premier Bank’s and their users with respect to any Content You submit through the Service.
12.6
You will indemnify and hold Premier Bank and its employees, officers, directors and shareholders harmless for any losses, liabilities, damages, costs (excluding any opportunity cost or cost of funding), expenses (including management time and reasonable legal fees) and charges arising out of or in relation to any claim, allegation, proceeding or action relating to the Content that You submit through the Service.
13.
Assignment
The Service is provided exclusively for the registered Customer; accordingly, the Customer may not assign or transfer this Agreement to any third party.  Premier Bank may assign, novate and/or unilaterally transfer the Agreement to an Affiliate or to any successor company (whether by merger, consolidation, or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Customer, upon written notification.
14.
Termination and Discontinuation
14.1
Premier Bank may, at any time
(a)       block, restrict and/or suspend Your use of your Account, the Service and/or the Premier Wallet Application without notice, and/or
(b)      terminate this Agreement immediately effective on notice provided through the Digital Channels, in each case for any reason or no reason, including if You violate this Agreement or Premier Bank suspects fraudulent activity.  You agree Premier Bank will not be liable to You or any third party for doing so.
14.2
You may terminate the Agreement in respect of the Premier Wallet Service at any time for convenience by immediately discontinuing Your use of the Premier Wallet Service and uninstalling the Premier Wallet Application, (including in circumstances where Premier Bank has modified or updated the Agreement in a manner that You do not agree with) by giving thirty (30) days prior notice to Premier Bank in writing or through any interfaces on the Digital Channels which Premier Bank makes available expressly for this purpose.
14.3
If You or Premier Bank terminate the Service, You will be required to first redeem any remaining stored value in your Account by a) Cashing-out at any Premier Bank agent or ATM. b) Funding-out to a bank account.
14.4
If You lose access to your mobile phone account and/if the mobile number is assigned to another user Premier Bank will cease your account and move it to suspended status. You will have the right at any time to reclaim your account and all the stored value that was in your wallet by physically presenting yourself to a Premier Wallet center with your valid original ID and a valid mobile number to reclaim your account. In this case, You may:
i)          register a new account retrieve your old account and continue to enjoy Premier Wallet services.
ii)        register a new account retrieve your old account, redeem the remaining stored value, and terminate services.
15.
Waiver
15.1
You acknowledge that in entering into this Agreement you have not relied on any representation, warranty, collateral contract or other assurance (except those set out in this Agreement) made earlier by or on behalf of Premier Bank. You hereby waive all rights and remedies which, but for this clause 15.1, might otherwise be available to you in respect of any such representation, warranty, collateral contract or other assurance.
15.2
You agree that no failure or delay by Premier Bank to enforce, or exercise, or any partial, single or defective exercise or enforcement or, any right, remedy, power or privilege given to Premier Bank pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute a waiver or partial waiver of any such right, remedy, power or privilege or operate to prevent the exercise or enforcement of any further right, remedy, power or privilege at any subsequent time.
16.
Governing Laws & Dispute Resolution
This agreement is construed and governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Somalia to the extent they do not contradict the rules and principles of Shari’ah.
In the event of any dispute, the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Somali courts.
17.
Waiver of Interest
The parties acknowledge and agree that the principle of the payment of interest is repugnant to Shari’ah law and accordingly, to the extent that any legal system would impose (whether by contract, statute or court order) any obligation to pay interest, the parties hereby, irrevocably and unconditionally, expressly waive and reject any entitlement to recover interest from each other.