Our privacy policy
(updated 06 march 2024)
wePix
arena
is so committed to protecting your privacy,
that it collects absolutely NO data about you.
Owner / Developer of the app :
Frédéric GIRY (France)
For any question regarding this privacy policy, feel free to contact me at :
support@wepixarena.com
Collection of personal data :
We do not collect any personal data. Our app does not require the creation of an account, so we do not know anything about you for the proper functioning of the app.
Use of personal data :
Since we do not collect any, we do not use any personal data for the proper functioning of the app.
Authorizations requested by the app :
Our app does not require any special authorization.
Although it can use your flash which is part of the CAMERA object of your device, our app will never access your photos or your camera.
In-app advertising :
A wePix arena project has a cost, and you are not the product :) We operate on a B2B model, so an association, a production, an artist paid to create this light show. We then offer our client the possibility of displaying one or more advertising banners in the main screen of the app. These banners are the same for all fans of the same event, they absolutely do not depend on any analysis of your preferences.
Although we verify the URL link linked to the ad banner, we cannot be held responsible for the content of this URL.
Advertising for third parties:
No advertising other than that of our client is displayed in the app
Customer service :
You can contact us via the “Contact Us” menu in the app and your personal email.
We will then receive an email from you.
Your email address will be used to respond to your request..
It will not be transferred, sold or communicated to any third party..
It will not be saved in any database.
Without express request from you, it will be deleted no later than 3 years after your last request..
Updated our privacy policy :
In the event of an update, a message will notify you in the app.
Visit our website
Webpage hosted by OVH | 2 rue Kellermann - 59100 Roubaix - France
+33 (0)8 203 203 63