Privacy Policy – Pixellot
The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your convenience. These key 
            points do not substitute the full Privacy Policy.
About the App.
Pixellot is a smartphone-app based streaming service offering a unique, interactive and immersive 
                viewing experience of sporting events captured with the Pixellot video system.
Information we collect.
You will be asked to register with your full name, email address, country and 
                password, or alternatively, with your Facebook account in which case you are allowing 
                us to retrieve your profile information from Facebook. We collect additional information 
                during your use of the App, including your geolocation information, sport clubs in which 
                you are enrolled as a member of, broadcasts you have viewed, the Internet protocol (IP) 
                address that your device is connected with, your device’s operating system version, etc. 
                If you choose to purchase Broadcasts through the App, you may also be asked to provide 
                payment information which is collected and processed by a third party payment services 
                provider such.
Using information collected.
We use the information we collect to operate the App and provide its features 
                and functionalities, improve and customize the App, develop new services and 
                contact you and for ancillary purposes.
Sharing information collected.
We may share your information in order to operate, maintain and enhance the 
                App, and for ancillary purposes such as enforcement of the App’s Terms or 
                complying with the law.
Aggregated information.
We may use the information we collect from you to create de- identified, 
                statistical or aggregated information, and make it available to others for 
                any purpose.
Retention.
We retain the information outlined above, for as long as we deem necessary 
                for our business needs.
Security.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage and unauthorized 
                access or use of information, but they do not provide absolute information 
                security.
Changes to the Policy.
We may change this Policy, by putting you on notice of such changes. 
                Your continued use of the App after the changes take effect indicates 
                your acceptance of the amended Policy
Introduction
Welcome to “
Pixellot
”, a smartphone-app based streaming service 
            offering a unique, interactive and immersive viewing experience of sporting events 
            captured with the Pixellot video system (the “
Service
” or “
App
”).
The App is owned and operated by Pixellot Ltd. (the “
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
” and “
our
”).
We, at Pixellot, respect your privacy. This privacy policy (the “
Policy
”) 
            outlines our privacy privacy practices with respect to the App, including the ways your 
            personal information and data is collected, stored, used and shared.
Providing us with your personal information is a choice you make of your own volition and consent 
            to this Policy. You are not legally obligated to provide this information, but we do require it 
            to enable you to use the App.
This policy is incorporated by reference to our
Terms of Use
(the "
Terms
"), and constitutes an integral part of them.
About the App
The Service offers user like you (“
Users
”) a unique and innovative way to 
            watch live and on-demand sporting events captured by Pixellot’s technology (“
Broadcasts
”), 
            through your smartphone. Our App provides features such as multiple viewing modes, spatial replay, 
            auto-tracking a player and player performance statistics. The App also lets you create a clip of 
            the game’s highlights, extract a portion of the video as a standalone clip and bookmark events of 
            interest throughout the video’s timeline (collectively, “
Edited Material
”).
The rights in and to the Broadcasts are owned by the third party “
Operator
” of the sporting 
            club running the Pixellot video capturing technology at the venue in which the broadcasted sporting event 
            takes place (the “
Sport Club
”). Broadcasts are therefore licensed to you by the sporting 
            event’s respective Operator. The Operator designates a “
Club Admin
” to manage Users’ 
            viewing permissions and privileges for the sporting events at the Sport Club. The Club Admin configures 
            sporting events viewable through the App (each, an “
Event
”). The Club Admin determines 
            whether a given Event will be publicly viewable to all Users (“
Public Broadcasts
”) or only 
            to User who have been enrolled as members of the Sport Club (“
Private Broadcasts
”). 
            The Club Admin also determines whether the Event will be viewable for free or subject to a viewing fee.
To enroll to a Sport Club and gain access to that club’s Private Broadcasts, you must seek the 
            approval of the Club Admin. To do so, send a ‘follow’ request through the App to the desired 
            Sport Club (a “
Follow Request
”).
Information we collect
The Service is available only to registered users. You may register using your Facebook 
            account or by completing our registration form.
When you register with our registration form, you will be asked to provide information 
                such as your full name, email address, country and password (“
Profile Information
”).
If you choose to register with your Facebook account, you are allowing us access to retrieve your 
                profile information from Facebook. The particular categories of information we retrieve from your 
                account on Facebook are the scope of information that Facebook makes available to us by default, 
                according to Facebook’s privacy policy. The information we collect in this manner typically includes 
                your name, email address and profile picture. We may also collect additional categories of information 
                from your account on Facebook, beyond those categories that Facebook makes available to us by default, 
                only if you specifically choose to share those other categories with us.
We collect additional information during your use of the App, including your geolocation information, 
            Sport Clubs in which you are enrolled as a member of, Follow Requests, Broadcasts you have viewed, 
            the frequency of your use of the App, the interactions you have made with the App’s interface 
            (e.g. your Edited Material), the Internet protocol (IP) address that your device is connected with, 
            your device’s operating system version, etc.
If you choose to purchase Broadcasts through the App, you may also be asked to provide payment 
            information, such as credit card details. Payment information is collected and processed by the 
            third party payment services provider such as In-App purchase or in-app billing service both operated 
            and handled by the relevant application marketplace (Apple App Store or Google Play, respectively) and 
            is subject to the payment services provider’s privacy policy, not this Policy.
Bear in mind that false, incorrect, or outdated information may prevent you from registering and 
            impair our ability to provide you with the Service and contact you.
Some of the App’s features require access to components in your mobile device. For instance, 
            the App may request your permission to access your location information in order to bring to 
            your attention Sport Clubs that are located in your geographical area.
When you engage in certain activities on our Service, such as submitting a customer-service request, 
            you may be asked to provide personal information depending on the activity or request. When we process 
            your inquiries or requests, we may also require additional personal information from you, to verify your 
            account and identity.
Third Party Platforms
You may choose to post or share certain Content (such as Edited Material), on or through social networks 
            such as Facebook. By doing so, you agree to share information with the social network and its users. 
            Note, however, that your use of such third party platform and the platform’s use of the shared Content are
            governed by the platform’s respective terms of use and privacy policy, not this Policy.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children who are under 16 years of age.
Using information collected
We use the information we collect, as outlined above, for the following purposes:
Operating the App and providing its features and functionalities;
Contacting you with administrative updates and announcements related to the App;
Improving and customizing the App and developing new services;
Collecting statistical and aggregated information about Users’ experience within the App;
Providing you with support, handling complaints and contacting you when we believe it to be 
                necessary;
Enforcing the Terms and this Policy and preventing misuse of the App;
Complying with any applicable law and assisting law enforcement agencies and 
                competent authorities, if we believe it is necessary or justified; and
Taking any action in any case of dispute involving you, with respect or in relation to the App.
Sharing information collected
We may share the information outlined above, with others, in any of the following instances:
With our service providers, Sport Clubs and Operators in order to provide you 
                the Service and operate, maintain and enhance the App;
If you have breached the Terms, abused your rights to use the App, or violated any 
                applicable law. Your information may be shared with competent authorities and with 
                any third party, if we believe it is necessary or justified;
With attorneys, courts and relevant third parties, in any case of dispute, or 
                legal proceeding of any kind involving you with respect to the Service;
If the operation of the App is organized within a different framework, or 
                through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition), 
                provided that those entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this Policy, with 
                reasonably necessary changes taken into consideration;
We may share personal information with our corporate group entities (companies that 
                we control, control us, or are under common control with us – whether directly or indirectly), 
                but their use of such information must comply with this Policy.
In any case other than the above, your personal information will only be shared with 
                others if you provide your explicit prior consent.
Aggregated information
We may use the information we collect, as outlined above, to compile anonymized or 
            aggregated information, either by ourselves or with the assistance of third parties 
            such as Google Analytics. We may share, sell or otherwise communicate and make available 
            such anonymized or aggregated information to any other third party, at our sole discretion, 
            provided however, that we will not knowingly, or intentionally share information that can be 
            reasonably used to reveal your identity without your consent.
Transfer of data outside your territory
The App, by its nature as an online service, may store and process information 
            in the European Union and in other various locations throughout the globe, including 
            through cloud services. You agree that the provision of personal information or other 
            access to App constitutes your consent to the transfer of such data/information, including 
            personal information, to the United States, or any other jurisdiction that may not provide 
            an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country.  However, we have 
            procedures in place to ensure the protection of your information, including your personal 
            information.
Cookies
We and our third party website analytics provider (such as Google) may use cookies on the 
            Service. Cookies are packets of information sent by our servers to your device and then sent 
            back by the device each time it accesses our servers. The cookies may contain a variety of 
            information, such as your session durations and IP addresses. Cookies are used for various 
            purposes, such as to collect statistical information about your use of the Service and save 
            you the need to re-login with your username and password when you use the Service.
Some cookies may expire when the session ends and you close the App. Other cookies are 
            saved on your device. If you wish to block cookies, you may do so through your device’s 
            settings but bear in mind that disabling cookies may adversely affect your user experience 
            on the Service.
Legal bases for processing (For EEA users)
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process 
            information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable EU 
            laws. The legal basis depends on the portions of the Service you use and how you use them. 
            This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you with the portion of the Service you requested, including to 
                operate the Service, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect 
                the safety and security of the App, which includes all processing necessary for the 
                performance of our contract(s) with you;
It satisfies a legitimate interest that is not outweighed by your data protection 
                rights and interests, such as for research and development, to market and promote 
                the Service, and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
Information Security
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized 
            access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information 
            security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure your personal information, it is 
            not guaranteed and you cannot expect that the App or its back-end components will be immune 
            from information security risks.
California Residents
The following disclosure is made pursuant to California Online Privacy Act (CA Civil 
            Code § 22575): When you use our App, other parties, such as Google, may collect personally 
            identifiable information about your activities over time and across different websites or 
            online services.
Data retention
If you reside or are located in the EEA, we keep your personal information for no 
            longer than necessary for the purposes for which such information is processed. The 
            length of time we retain personal information for depends on the purposes for which we 
            collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, 
            exercise or defend our legal rights.
Be advised that removing or uninstalling the App from your mobile devices, will not 
            cause your personal information to be deleted from the Service.
Updating or Deleting Your Personal Information
If you reside or are located in the EEA, you have the right to request that we:
provide access to any personal information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your personal information for direct-marketing purposes;
update any personal information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete any personal information which we are holding about you;
restrict the way that we process your personal information;
provide you with a copy of any personal information which we hold about you.
We try to answer every email promptly where possible and provide our response within 
            the time period stated by applicable law. Keep in mind, however, that there will be 
            residual information that will remain within our databases, access logs and other records, 
            which may or may not contain your personal information. Please also note that certain personal 
            information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, which may include if we 
            need to keep processing your personal information to comply with a legal obligation.
When you email us with a request, we may ask that you provide us with information necessary 
            to confirm your identity.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these 
            practices are subject to change. Any change, update, or modification will be effective 
            immediately upon posting on the App. We will notify you of any material change to this 
            Policy by posting a notice on the App for a reasonable period of time following such update, 
            and by changing the effective date (located at the bottom of this page). Be sure to return 
            to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Policy.
In any event, we will seek your explicit consent if we wish to have substantial changes 
            to the Policy apply to personal information we collected prior to those changes.
Contact Us
If you have questions regarding this Policy or about our privacy practices, please 
            contact us by email at
privacy@pixellot.tv
11 Granit Street
Petach Tikva
Israel, 4951410
Effective Date: May 25, 2018.