Privacy Statement WiFi Mobile
Trust International BV Mobile Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 01-01-2021
Updated: 20-10-2020
Trust International BV and subsidiaries (“we”, “us”, “our”, “Trust”) are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes our practices in connection with information privacy on Personal Data we process through your individual use of the following services, products, and related mobile applications (collectively, the “Products”):
Trust Wifi Mobile Application
In this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data” means information that can be used to identify an individual, either from that information alone, or from that information and other information we have access to about that individual. “Smart Devices” refers to those nonstandard computing devices produced or manufactured by hardware manufacturers, with human-machine interface and the ability to transmit data that connect wirelessly to a network, including: smart home appliances, smart wearable devices, smart air cleaning devices, etc. “Apps” refers to those mobile applications developed by Trust International BV that provide end users remote control to Smart Devices and with the ability to connect to the supplier IoT Platform.
What Personal Data do we collect
In order to provide our services to you, we will ask you to provide necessary Personal Data that is required to provide those services. If you do not provide your Personal Data, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services.
Information You Voluntarily Provide Us
Account or Profile Data: When you register an account with us, we may collect your name and contact details, such as your email address, phone number, user name, and salted& hashed login credentials. During your interaction with our Products, we may further collect your nickname, profile picture, country code, language preference or time zone information into your account.
Feedback: When using feedback and suggestion features in our Products, we will collect your email address, mobile phone number and your feedback content to address your problems and solve device failures on a timely basis.
Information We Collect Automatically
Device Information: When you interact with our Product, we automatically collect device information, such as the MAC address of your devices, IP address, wireless connection information, operating system type and version, application version number, push notification identifier, log files, and mobile network information.
Usage Data: During your interaction with our Sites and Services, we automatically collect usage data relating to visits, clicks, downloads, messages sent/received, and other usage of our Sites and Services.
Log Information: When you use our app, the system and exception log may be uploaded.
Location Information: If requested by user, we may collect information about your real-time precise or non-precise geo-location when you use our specific Products or Services, such as Please enter the product name.
Smart Devices Related Information
Basic Information of Smart Devices: When you connect your Smart Devices with our Products or Services, we may collect basic information about your Smart Devices such as device name, device ID, online status, activation time, firmware version, and upgrade information.
Purposes and legal basis for processing Personal Data
The purpose for which we may process information about you are as follows:
Provide You Services: We process your account and profile data, device information, usage data, location information, and Smart Device related information to provide you with our Products and Services that you have requested or purchased. The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our Terms of Use.,
Improve Our Services: We process your device information, usage data, location information and Smart Device related information to ensure the functions and safety of our Products, to develop and improve our Products and Services, to analyze the efficiency of our operations, and to prevent and trace fraudulent or inappropriate usage. The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our Terms of Use.
Non-marketing Communication: We process your Personal Data to send you important information regarding the Services, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be important, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications. The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our Terms of Use.
Marketing Communication: We may process your Personal Data to provide marketing and promotional materials to you on our Products and Services. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to opt-out of receiving future communications of that nature. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
Personalization: We may process your account and profile data, usage data, device information to personalize product design and to provide you with services tailored for you, such as recommending and displaying information and advertisements regarding products suited to you, and to invite you to participate in surveys relating to your use of our Products. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
Legal Compliance: We may process your Personal Data as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable laws and regulations; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to enforce our terms and conditions; (d) to protect our operations, business and systems; (e) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other users, including you; and (f) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Who do we share Personal Data with?
At Trust International BV we only share Personal Data in ways that we tell you about. We may share your Personal Data with the following recipients:
To our third-party service providers who perform certain business-related functions for us, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment and credit card processing, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer support service, e-mail delivery services, and other similar services to enable them to provide services to us.
To our customers and other business partners who provide you, directly or indirectly, with your Smart Devices, and/or networks and systems through which you access and use our Sites and Services.
To an affiliate or other third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In such an event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership, incompatible new uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable laws and regulations; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to enforce our terms and conditions; (d) to protect our operations, business and systems; (e) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other users, including you; and (f) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
To subsidiaries or affiliates within our corporate family, to carry out regular business activities.
Except for the third parties described above, to third parties only with your consent.
Your Rights Relating to Your Personal Data
We respect your rights and control over your Personal Data. You may exercise any of the following rights:
You may:
Request access to the Personal Data that we process about you;
Request that we correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data about you;
Request deletion of Personal Data about you;
Request restrictions, temporarily or permanently, on our processing of some or all Personal Data about you;
Request transfer of Personal Data to you or a third party where we process the data based on your consent or a contract with you, and where our processing is automated; and
Opt-out or object to our use of Personal Data about you where our use is based on your consent or our legitimate interests.
Security
We use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your Personal Data. Trust International BV provides various security strategies to effectively ensure data security of user and device. As for device access, Trust International BV proprietary algorithms are employed to ensure data isolation, access authentication, applying for authorization. As for data communication, communication using security algorithms and transmission encryption protocols and commercial level information encryption transmission based on dynamic keys are supported. As for data processing, strict data filtering and validation and complete data audit are applied. As for data storage, all confidential information of users will be safely encrypted for storage. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you could immediately notify us of the problem by emailing trustwifiprivacy@trust.com
Data Retention
We process your Personal Data for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the data for a longer retention period. We determine the appropriate retention period based on the amount, nature, and sensitivity of your Personal Data, and after the retention period ends, we will destruct your Personal Data. When we are unable to do so for technical reasons, we will ensure that appropriate measures are put in place to prevent any further such use of your Personal Data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (send to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice in the mobile applications prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us as follows:
Post:
Trust International BV
Laan van Barcelona 600
3317 DD Dordrecht
The Netherlands
We are using cookies
Cookies are small text files that may be used by websites to improve the user experience. By placing cookies, we can provide you as user with an optimum experience. Using these cookies, we collect information about the use of our website. In our privacy policy, we explain further what data we collect, how we collect it and what we do with it.
Learn more about our cookie policy.
Accept
Decline
Cookie settings
Edit
const updateConsentState = require('updateConsentState');

updateConsentState({
  'ad_storage': 'denied',
  'analytics_storage': 'denied'
});