BABYGENERATOR PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application BabyGenrator for mobile devices that was created by DBAI.
Welcome to BabyGenrator’s Privacy Policy!
If you decide not to read this entire Privacy Policy, we want you to walk away with a few key points about BabyGenrator’s privacy practices:
Our application uses the newest technology of artificial intelligence to analyze two given faces and produce an image of your cute baby.
Due to the limited processing resources available on mobile devices, we use a cloud server to process photographs.
The App only uploads to the cloud the photographs that you specifically select for predicting.
Photographs are temporarily cached on the cloud servers during the predicting process.
Photographs remain in the cloud for a limited period of 24-48 hours after you have last predicted the photograph, so that you can return to the image and make additional predicts if you so choose.
All your photos will be deleted for up to 48 hours.
We do not use the photographs you provide when you use the App for any reason other than to provide you with the baby predicting functionality of the App.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please email datnguyenvan844@gmail.com.
Here’s more on our privacy practices.
What personal information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
When you use the App, we may collect personal information about you, including:
User Provided Information
Photographs you provide when you use the App, via your camera or gallery (if you have granted us permission to access your camera or gallery). We obtain only the specific images you choose to predict using the App; we do not collect your photo albums even if you grant us your access to them. This means that the only device that can view the photo is the device from which the photograph was uploaded using the App – the user’s device.
Automatically Collected Information
We do not collect any information automatically.
Information that Google AdSense Advertising collect
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our app. We don't really control it but Google Adsense may collect the following information:
Device data,
such as your computer and mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device ID, push tokens, Google Advertising ID, Apple ID for Advertising, browser type, screen resolution, IP address (and the associated country in which you are located); and other information about the device you are using to visit the App.
Online activity data,
such as information about your use of and actions on the App and the Sites, including pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and length of access. Our service providers and certain third parties (e.g., online advertising networks and their clients) also may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications. This information may be collected on our Site using cookies, browser web storage (also known as locally stored objects, or “LSOs”), web beacons, and similar technologies.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
Photographs that you supply us remain in the cloud for a limited period of 24-48 hours after you have last predicted the photograph, so that you can return to the image and make additional predicts if you so choose. All your photos will be deleted for up to 48 hours.
Children
This app do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please email datnguyenvan844@gmail.com so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email datnguyenvan844@gmail.com .
Last updated March 31, 2020