Skip to main content
Bank of America is committed to the protection of personal information we collect and process. We conduct regular assessment reviews and abide by rigorous privacy standards to protect personal information we collect, use and share.
Our Country Compliance Officers and global Privacy Legal and Compliance teams promote sustainable compliance with privacy laws globally, including the provision of Data Protection Notices (“DPN”) for our clients.
This page is designed for our corporate and institutional clients, including prospective clients, who engage with a Bank of America entity where the provision of a DPN is required. The DPNs describe our collection and use, in connection with the services we provide and the events we sponsor, of the personal information of those individuals who work for or are otherwise engaged by, or interact with, these clients or prospective clients and their respective affiliates or other third parties.
For more information about our Cookie Policy, please visit
Cookie Policy
.
If you are a US customer of our retail banking services, please visit
Bank of America U.S. Consumer Privacy
.
Our corporate and institutional DPNs detail:
What constitutes personal information
How we collect, use and disclose personal information online and offline in connection with the services we provide to our clients and to meet applicable legal and regulatory obligations
How individuals may request to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete personal information provided to us
Data retention practices
How to contact us with any questions in connection with the personal information provided to Bank of America
Other information as required by local law
Please ensure that you share this information with those in your organization whose information you are sharing with us such as your third party representatives, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, and other related individuals.
In the event of address changes to other jurisdictions for individuals within or related to your organization, please refer back to
bankofamerica.com/privacynotice
for the applicable privacy laws and rights that may apply.
Asia Pacific
Australia
Mainland China
Hong Kong
India
Bank of America N.A., India
BofA Securities India Limited
Indonesia
Japan
BofA Securities Japan Co., Ltd
Bank of America, N.A., Tokyo Branch
Korea
Bank of America N.A., Seoul Branch (English)
Bank of America N.A., Seoul Branch (Korean)
Merrill Lynch International, LLC Seoul Branch (English)
Merrill Lynch International, LLC Seoul Branch (Korean)
Malaysia
Malaysia (English)
Malaysia (Bahasa)
Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Bank of America N.A., Taipei Branch
Merrill Lynch Securities (Taiwan) Limited
Thailand
Canada
Canada (English)
Canada (French)
Europe, Middle-East, and Africa
Dubai
EU, UK, Switzerland and Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Qatar
South Africa
Turkey
Turkey (English)
Turkey (Turkish)
Latin America
Brazil
Brazil (English)
Brazil (Portuguese)
U.S.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Digital Privacy Notice (Global)
Media and Investor Contacts Data Privacy Notice (English)
Media and Investor Contacts Data Privacy Notice (Indonesia)
Additional translations provided upon request
APAC
Australia Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Hong Kong Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Singapore Commercial Card Privacy Notice
EMEA
English Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Bulgarian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Czech Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Danish Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Dutch Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Estonian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Finnish Commercial Card Privacy Notice
French Commercial Card Privacy Notice
German Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Greek Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Hungarian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Italian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Latvian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Lithuanian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Norwegian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Polish Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Portuguese Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Romanian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Spanish Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Slovak Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Slovenian Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Swedish Commercial Card Privacy Notice
Turkish Commercial Card Privacy Notice
If you have queries on Privacy or about the way in which the Bank processes your personal information please contact your Client Relationship Manager.
For questions regarding GDPR or other privacy regulations in European, Middle Eastern and African countries you may contact the EU Data Protection Officer using the following contact details:
dpo@bofa.com
.
For questions regarding privacy regulations in Asia Pacific countries you may contact the Data Protection Officer using the following contact details:
connect.dpo@bofa.com
.
For questions regarding LGPD in Brazil, you may contact the Data Protection Officer using the following contact details:
brazil.dpo@bofa.com
.
For questions regarding Canadian privacy laws including the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, you may contact the Data Protection Officer using the following contact details:
dpo@bofa.com.
For California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) related personal information requests you may submit a request using the following form:
Personal Information Request Online Form
For enquiries about your Personal Data processed or controlled by Bank of America Europe Designated Activity Company, Zweigniederlassung Frankfurt am Main or to exercise rights granted by the Federal Data Protection Act, you can also contact the Data Protection Officer at Taunusanlage 9-10, 60329 Frankfurt am Main, directly at
datenschutzbamlfrankfurt@bofa.com
or by telephone on
+49 69 5899 5028
.
Back to Global Banking & Global Markets
This site stores cookies on your device that contain information about you and your preferences. Strictly Necessary cookies are not optional and help our site run smoothly. Other categories of cookies are optional and can help create customised experiences. Manage optional cookie categories by selecting from the below buttons.
If you click X or the Reject All Optional Cookies button, you will be opted out of all cookies except Strictly Necessary cookies.
You can access your preferences as well as cookie and details about our partners at any time on the Application Home Page by clicking
Your Privacy Choices
.
Cookie Policy (PDF)
Data Protection Notice
Manage Cookie Settings
Reject All Optional Cookies
Accept All Optional Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Sharing and Selling of Personal Data
Strictly Necessary
Advertising
Performance
Preference
Your Privacy Choices
This feature allows you to manage your privacy choices. By selecting a category, you can learn about your choices and make changes. Selections you make will update your default settings. Where possible, we will provide you with a single privacy profile and store settings across our brands. Occasionally there are legal or technical limitations, where you have multiple user names or accounts, that may prevent this from occurring. You should check your settings for accuracy based on your relationship with us.
Local Privacy Notices and Requirements
The Privacy Choices displayed are specific to  your local privacy requirements and our privacy notices. For more information about how we protect your privacy, including specific rights that may apply, please visit the
Institutional Privacy
and the
Consumer Privacy
pages.
Marketing Preferences
To manage your general marketing preferences, please visit the “Control how we can share your data and market to you” form on our
Privacy Page.
California Residents
To learn more about your privacy rights as a California resident, please see our
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice.
To exercise your CCPA consumer rights to request, correct or delete your personal information, please visit our
CA Personal Information Request form.
To opt out of sharing and selling, open the “Sharing and selling of Personal Data” tab and make a selection.
Sharing and Selling of Personal Data
Bank of America does not sell personal information, but we may share personal information for targeted advertising. You have the right to opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information.
By switching the toggle to the left and clicking save, you are indicating that you do not want us to sell your personal information or share your personal information for online targeted advertising activities.
If you do not have an account or if you are not logged into your account, your request to opt-out of sale/sharing will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to us.
At any time, you may change your preference setting using the toggle bar.  Any manual adjustment will override previous settings.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Without these cookies, this site will not work properly. Examples include setting your privacy preferences, setting your language preferences or logging into a secured area requiring authentication. They may also detect transmission errors, data loss or distribute network traffic across different servers to ensure accessibility.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising
Advertising cookies are used to deliver advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. They are usually placed by our advertising partners and remember that you have visited a site. This information may be shared with other organizations such as advertisers.
Cookies Details‎
Performance
Performance cookies enable us to measure and improve the performance of our site. They collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often and if they get error messages from web pages.  They can also be used to analyze browsing behavior for marketing research.
Cookies Details‎
Preference
Preference cookies enable the site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization by allowing a website to remember choices you make. They can be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you may have customized as well as pre-filling forms. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bankofamerica.com/security-center/privacy-overview/:
Skip to main content
Privacy Notices and Choices
Our privacy policies are designed to protect you—and give you control
Our privacy policies are designed to protect you—and give you control
Review our Online Privacy Notice
Opt-out of online behavioral advertising
You have successfully opted out of online behavioral advertising
When you opt-out, we will not use information based on online Site behavior to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising to you, but you may still receive untailored advertising from Bank of America. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Opting out also means the online content and advertising you receive on our non-servicing sites (before you log in) will be untailored and will not be based on your online behavior or your relationship with us.
When accessing online account servicing areas (after you log in), such as Online Banking or MyMerrill, you may receive tailored content and advertising based on your account relationships.
Important reminder:
For this online behavioral advertising opt-out to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies. If your browser blocks third party cookies (for example, Firefox or Safari), this opt-out may not work as expected.
If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access our Site from a different device, log in under a different screen name or change web browsers, you will need to opt-out again.
If your browser has scripting disabled, you do not need to opt-out, as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled. Please check your browser's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled.
The opt-out will take effect upon your next visit using the same device to Bank of America Sites. Click on
Submit
to opt-out of online Site behavior used to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising.
Submit
Cancel
You have successfully opted out of online behavioral advertising. The opt-out will take effect upon your next visit using the same device to Bank of America Sites.
Review other privacy notices
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
Children's Privacy Policy
California Consumer Privacy Notice
Data protection notices for employees,
contractors and applicants
Switzerland Resident Privacy Notice
Indonesia Resident Privacy Notice
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
Children's Privacy Policy
California Consumer Privacy Notice
Data protection notices for employees,
contractors and applicants
Switzerland Resident Privacy Notice
Indonesia Resident Privacy Notice
Manage your privacy options
Control how we can share your data and
market to you
Opt-out of ads based on your online activity
See how to receive promotional emails
Control how we can share your data and
market to you
Opt-out of ads based on your online activity
See how to receive promotional emails
Other important information
How we keep your Social Security number safe (PDF)
Cookie Policy (PDF)
Visit the Security Center for ways to protect your info
How we keep your Social Security number safe (PDF)
Cookie Policy (PDF)
Visit the Security Center for ways to protect your info
Bank of America U.S.
Online Privacy Notice
(Last updated March 1, 2024)
Bank of America U.S. Online Privacy Notice
(Last updated March 1, 2024)
Bank of America U.S. Online Privacy Notice
(Last updated March 1, 2024)
Your privacy is important to us. We conduct regular assessment reviews and abide by rigorous privacy standards to ensure personal information we collect, use and share is protected. This U.S. Online Privacy Notice ("Notice") describes how Bank of America and our affiliates manage personal information about you when you interact with us online through our websites, event registration sites, mobile applications and social sites ("Sites and Mobile Apps") through your computer, smartphone, tablet or other mobile devices ("computer or mobile devices").
This Notice explains
How we collect personal information when you visit, use or interact with us online, and through our ads displayed through online services operated by us or non-affiliated third parties.
How we may use or share personal information collected to deliver products and services to you and for advertising or event management purposes.
The term "Bank of America" or "we", "us" or "our" in this Notice refers to banking and non-banking U.S. affiliates or subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation that link to or reference this Notice.
By using our Sites and Mobile Apps, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Notice. Our U.S. online services covered by this Notice are intended for a U.S. audience. If you visit or use one of our online services, your information may be transferred or processed in the U.S. For Non-U.S. online services, please review the privacy policy applicable to that service to understand how your information is collected, used and shared.
Bank of America works with third-party providers who are contractually obligated to comply with our policies to protect information. However, if you visit or access one of these third-party provider sites or mobile apps, please review the online privacy practices of that site or mobile app to understand the specifics of how your online personal information may be collected, used and shared.
Updates to this Notice
This Notice is subject to change. We update this Notice periodically to comply with the most recent federal and local laws. Please review it whenever you have questions. If we make changes to this Notice, we will revise the
Last updated
date on this page.
Download our U.S. Online Privacy Notice in English
(PDF)
Download our U.S. Online Privacy Notice in Spanish
(PDF)
Expand all panels
Expand all
panels
|
Collapse all
panels
We are committed to transparency about your personal information. We ask for your consent when required, otherwise by using our Site and Mobile Apps, you consent to the collection, use and sharing of your personal information subject to and consistent with applicable laws, regulations and other notices you may have received based on your relationship with us.
Linking to other sites
We may provide links to non-affiliated third-party sites, such as credit bureaus, service providers or merchants. If you follow links to sites not affiliated with, or controlled by Bank of America, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions, as they may be different from those of our Sites and Mobile Apps. Bank of America does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these sites, including the accuracy, completeness or reliability of their information.
Protecting your personal information
To protect personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with applicable federal and state laws. These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings as well as oversight of our third-party providers to ensure personal information remains confidential and secure. In the event of a data breach, we provide timely notification, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We recognize the importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. Our Sites and Mobile Apps are not marketed to individuals under the age of 13. Accounts that include online access for children under the age of 13 are owned by a parent or guardian and require specific consent for online access. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 without prior parental consent. Read our
Children's Privacy Policy
for more information.
Making sure personal information is accurate
Keeping your personal information accurate and up to date is very important. If your personal information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please use the
Contact Us
option on our Sites and Mobile Apps, or call or write to us at the telephone numbers or appropriate address for changes listed on your account statements, records, online or other account materials. You can also speak to a customer representative at a financial center, your Financial Advisor or account representative.
How do we collect personal information online?
We collect personal information about you through your computer or mobile devices by the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies (see our
Cookie Policy
for details) as well as personal information you provide when you visit or use our Sites and Mobile Apps, for example when you:
Apply for or open a new account
Register for a new product or service, or request information about a product or service
Register as a participant in one of our events
Complete a survey, contest or sweepstakes or other promotion
Use aggregation services such as My Portfolio® and My Financial Picture® in order to consolidate your financial account or information at one online location
We may use third-party providers to process personal information for business purposes on our behalf. Third-party providers are contractually obligated to comply with our policies to protect information we share with them or they collect on our behalf.
We also may obtain personal information from a sponsor for individuals onboarded via a Commercial Prepaid card program with us. If we combine such personal information with information collected through the Mobile Services, we will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this Notice.
The personal information we collect is limited to what is required to provide our products or services and to support legal and risk requirements. For additional information, please review the
How do we use your personal information
section of this Notice.
Types of personal information we collect online
The type of personal information we collect from and about you online will depend on how you interact with us and may include:
Contact Information
such as name, mailing address, email address, telephone and mobile number(s).
Account Application information
such as credit and income information.
Identifiers
such as Social Security number, account number(s), driver's license number (or comparable) or other information that identifies you for ordinary business purposes.
Access Authorization
such as user ID, alias, PIN and password and security questions and answers.
Documents or images
submitted via our Site or Mobile Apps to support account opening, such as statements and voided checks.
Debit/Credit Card Information
such as card number, expiration date, CVV2, billing address.
Information from your computer and mobile devices where allowed by individual browsers and/or operating systems
, such as:
Unique device identifiers (for example Media Access Control (MAC) and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses)
Browser type, version, language, and display/screen settings
Information about how you use and interact with our Sites and Mobile Apps (for example, activities on pages visited, links clicked or unique and measurable patterns such as keystrokes, mouse clicks and movements, swipes and gestures)
Communications data, such as your communication preferences and details or the content of your communications with us (e.g., text messages, chat messages)
Responses to advertisements on sites and mobile apps where we advertise
Log information such as your search and voice to text queries in the mobile app
Search engine referrals
Geolocation information (for example, for real time ATM or financial center location, upon request, or for fraud prevention)
Social media preference
Information to facilitate virtual or in-person event management
(for example, attendee names, dietary requirements, special assistance needs, and travel details for participants).
How do we use your personal information?
Personal information collected from and about you online described in this Notice may be used for many purposes such as:
Delivering products and services to you
by verifying your identity (for example when you access your account information); processing applications for products or services such as to prequalify for a mortgage, apply for a credit card, or to open a retirement account, investment account or other financial product; processing transactions; providing customer service/production support; finding nearby ATMs, financial centers, and other specialized location based services near your location; and consolidating your financial account information at one online location with services such as My Portfolio® and My Financial Picture®.
Personalizing your digital and mobile experience
by enhancing our Sites and Mobile Apps organization and design and analyze data to create relevant alerts, products or services.
Providing advertising
on our Sites and Mobile Apps as well as non-affiliated third-party sites and through off-line channels like financial centers, call centers and direct marketing (for example email, mail and phone).
Detecting and preventing fraud
, identify theft and other risks to you or Bank of America.
Performing analytics
concerning your use of our online services, including your responses to our emails and the pages and advertisements you view.
Complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements
, industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies.
Allowing you to use features within our Sites and Mobile Apps
when you grant us access to personal information from your device, such as contact lists, or geo-location when you request certain services that requires such access, for example locating an ATM.
Providing notifications concerning events
for which you've registered, providing analysis to improve our events and develop new events, determining event overall effectiveness, enhancing products and services, operating and expanding our business activities.
We retain personal information for a period of time as required by laws and regulations and the necessary business purpose. We securely delete personal information as soon as legally permitted.
California residents covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act may have additional rights. To learn more, California residents can reference the
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
for additional information.
Individual health and/or sensitive information
To the extent that we receive, maintain or process an individual's health information, Bank of America may use and disclose that information as authorized by and in accordance with applicable federal and/or state law.
At the time of event registration participants may provide information that requires special accommodations. This information will be used only to the extent necessary to facilitate any special accommodations for event participation.
With whom do we share your personal information?
We may share the personal information we collect from and about you online described in this Notice (and subject to other legal restrictions and notices you may have received depending on your relationship with us) with:
Affiliates and Subsidiaries of Bank of America
, such as Merrill.
Third-Party Providers
who have contracts with Bank of America.
Government Agencies
as required by laws and regulations.
Aggregated / De-identified Information
Collected personal information may be aggregated and/or de-identified (we remove any details that identify you personally). We may share this aggregated and/or de-identified information with third-party providers to help deliver products, services, and content that are better tailored to the users of our online services and for our own business purposes where permissible under applicable laws and regulations.
How to limit sharing
You have choices regarding the sharing of some personal information. Where appropriate, we will limit sharing of your personal information based on your marketing and information sharing choices. You can register your choices online at
Control How We Can Share Your Data and Market To You
.
Personal information collected from and about you online, as described in this Notice, is used and shared to deliver advertising and marketing, including prescreened offers of credit, which may be of interest to you.
We present tailored ads to you:
On our Sites and Mobile Apps through ads that appear as you sign on or off of your online accounts.
In off-line channels such as financial centers, call centers, and through direct marketing (for example email, mail, phone).
On third-party sites and mobile apps not affiliated with Bank of America.
How we tailor ads to you
Advertising on our sites, mobile apps and off-line channels such as financial centers, call centers, and through direct marketing (for example email, mail, phone):
We may use personal information about your activities on our Sites and Mobile Apps, such as pages visited and key words entered, to help determine which of our ads or offers may be of interest to you. We may use personal information about your relationship with us (such as types of accounts, transactional information or the location in which you bank) to help determine which advertisements or offers to present to you.
Advertising on non-affiliated third-party sites and mobile apps:
Bank of America contracts with advertising companies to advertise our products and services on sites and mobile apps not affiliated with us. We may use personal information we have collected or that you have provided to assist our non-affiliated third-party sites and mobile apps to select bank ads or offers that may appeal to you, display them to you and monitor your responses. Non-affiliated third-party sites and mobile apps are not subject to Bank of America Privacy Notices.
How you can opt out of Online Behavioral Advertising
Advertising on Non-Affiliated Third-Party sites:
Bank of America participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and uses the Advertising Options Icon on our behavioral ads on non-affiliated third-party sites (excluding ads appearing on platforms that do not accept the icon). Ads served on our behalf by these companies do not contain unencrypted personal information and we limit the use of personal information by companies that serve our ads. To learn more about ad choices, or to opt out of interest-based advertising with non-affiliated third-party sites, visit
YourAdChoices
layer
powered by the Digital Advertising Alliance or through the
Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out Tool
layer
. You may also visit the individual sites for additional information on their data and privacy practices and opt-out options.
Industry standards continue to evolve around web browser "do not track" signals or configurations set in your internet browser. In addition to the advertising opt-out options above, Bank of America captures opt out preference signals, and to the extent users have rights under applicable law, treats them as valid requests to opt out of sale/sharing at the browser level.
Reminder
Please note that if you opt out of this advertising:
You may still receive general advertising from Bank of America.
When accessing online account servicing areas (i.e. after login), such as Online Banking, Merrill Edge or MyMerrill, you may receive tailored content and advertising based on your account relationships.
Financial Advisors/Client Managers may continue to use personal information collected online as described in this Notice to provide details on products and services in accordance with account agreements.
In order for online behavioral advertising opt outs from our Sites and Mobile Apps and on other sites to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies.
If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access our Sites and Mobile Apps or other sites from a different device, login under a different screen name, or change web browsers, you will need to opt out again.
Third-Party Data Sharing
Some companies may offer aggregation websites and services that allow you to share your data with them in order to consolidate your account information from different sources (such as your accounts with us or with other financial institutions) so that you can view it in one location or perform actions related to your accounts using their services. To do this, a third-party may request you to authorize access to your Bank of America accounts by providing your Bank of America user ID and password or by providing your information-sharing consent directly to Bank of America.
The third-party may access, on your behalf, information about you, your Bank of America relationship, and your accounts at Bank of America.
You should use caution and ensure that the third-party has appropriate policies and practices to protect the privacy and security of any personal information you provide or to which they are gaining access.
Use of your information by the third-party is governed by your agreement with them, not by Bank of America. We recommend reviewing the third party's policies before sharing your personal information to understand how they will use and store your account information. For example, look for whether they sell any of your personal information, and if your information will be transferred, processed, or stored outside of the United States.
We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information accessed by any company or person to whom you provide your site user ID and password.
If you share your Bank of America user ID, password or other information about your accounts with others, we will consider that you have authorized any transaction or action initiated by using the access information you provide.
If you decide to revoke the authority you have given to a third-party, we strongly recommend that you change your Bank of America password to ensure that the third-party cannot continue to access your account.
You may revoke your consent for certain third parties through the Security Center within
Bank of America Online Banking
.
Social Media
Bank of America engages with customers on social media platforms such as Facebook®, X®, YouTube® and LinkedIn®.
Any content you post on official Bank of America managed social media pages, such as pictures, information, opinions or any personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies of those respective platforms.
When interacting with official Bank of America social media pages, Bank of America's privacy notices,
Social Media User Terms
and
Community Guidelines
may apply.
Please review the privacy policy for the specific social media service you are using to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content.
We may allow social share buttons on our sites that enable users to easily share information on social media platforms. The non-affiliated third parties that own these widgets may have access to information about your browsing on pages of our Sites and Mobile Apps where these widgets are placed.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.bankofamerica.com/security-center/ccpa-disclosure/:
Skip to main content
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Last updated December 2024
Legal Entities
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice (“Notice”) applies to Bank of America legal entities that utilize the brand names Bank of America, Merrill, and BofA Securities, Inc. as well as the following entities: Managed Account Advisors LLC and BAL Investment & Advisory, Inc (“Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”).
Applicability
Your privacy is important to us. This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice (
download a printable copy of this Notice
; PDF, requires
Adobe Reader
layer
) explains how we collect, use, and disclose personal information relating to
California residents
covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the “CCPA”). This “Notice” constitutes our notice at collection and our privacy policy pursuant to the CCPA.
Introduction
Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly with a particular California resident and includes certain categories of Personal Information discussed below that constitute “Sensitive Personal Information.” The CCPA, however, does not apply to certain information, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”).
The specific Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose relating to a California resident covered by the CCPA will vary based on our relationship or interaction with that individual. For example, this Notice does not apply with respect to information that we collect about California residents who apply for or obtain our financial products and services for personal, family, or household purposes. For more information about how we collect, disclose, and secure information relating to these customers, please refer to our
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
.
Keeping Personal Information secure is one of our most important priorities. Consistent with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations, we maintain physical, technical, electronic, procedural and organizational safeguards and security measures that are designed to protect personal data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, or access, whether it is processed by us or by others on our behalf.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
In the past 12 months, we may have collected and disclosed for our business purposes each of the following categories of Personal Information relating to California residents covered by this Notice:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers;
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information;
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as sex and marital status;
Commercial information, such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Biometric information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding a California resident's interaction with an internet website application or advertisement;
Geolocation data, such as device location and Internet Protocol (IP) location;
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, or similar information such as call and video recordings;
Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer;
Education information, directly related to a student; and maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting for the agency or institution;
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile about a California resident reflecting their preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes; and
The following categories of Sensitive Personal Information:
Personal Information that reveals:
A California resident's Social Security, driver's license, state identification card, or passport number;
A California resident's account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account;
A California resident's precise geolocation;
A California resident's racial or ethnic origin, citizenship or immigration status, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership;
The contents of a California resident's mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication;
The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying a California resident; and
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a California resident's health.
In addition to collecting Personal Information ourselves, we additionally coordinate with third parties to collect Personal Information on our behalf, which third parties are engaged in one or more of the business practices described below:
Delivering advertising and marketing, including on non-affiliated persons' or entities' sites and mobile apps;
Facilitating events and event management, including virtual and/or in-person events (e.g., hotels, restaurants, virtual platforms, audio/visual capabilities, food/beverage, transportation services, etc.); and
Referral sources, whether for purposes of identifying candidates for employment, identifying new client opportunities, or recommending vendors or contractors.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information are:
Directly from a California resident or the individual's representatives;
Service Providers, Consumer Data Resellers, Credit Reporting Agencies and other similar persons or entities;
Public Record Sources (Federal, State or Local Government Sources);
Information from our Affiliates;
Website/Mobile App Activity/Social Media;
Information from Client Directed persons or entities or Institutions representing a Client/Prospect; and
Information from Corporate Clients about individuals associated with the Clients (e.g., an employee or board member).
With respect to each category of Personal Information that we disclosed for a business purpose in the past 12 months, the categories of persons or entities to whom we disclosed that Personal Information are:
Affiliates of Bank of America;
Service Providers and Contractors who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure, customer service, email delivery, auditing, marketing, supporting research activities, credit financing, event management, and real estate management;
Other Service Providers and Contractors who provide services such as payment, banking and communication infrastructure, storage, legal expertise, tax expertise, real estate expertise, appraisal expertise, notaries and auditors, who promote the bank and its financial services and products to customers and other prospective buyers;
Other Service Providers and Contractors who enable customers to conduct transactions online and via mobile devices, support mortgage and fulfillment services, vehicle loan processes and aggregators (at the direction of the customer);
Other persons or entities to whom we transfer Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, acquisition or other transaction in which such other person or entity assumes control of all or part of the business;
Government Agencies as required by laws and regulations; and
Other persons or entities with which you may use or direct us to intentionally interact or to which you may use or direct us to intentionally disclose your Personal Information.
We do not disclose Personal Information to any other categories of third parties.
We collect, use and disclose for our business purposes Personal Information, including Sensitive Personal Information, relating to California residents to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business or commercial purposes, including the following:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services (except for cross-context behavioral advertising, a type of targeted advertising), providing analytic services, providing research services, facilitating event management and execution, managing our real estate portfolio, or providing similar services;
Helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes;
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of a current interaction with us, where the information is not disclosed to a third party and is not used to build a profile or otherwise alter the California resident's experience outside the current interaction with us;
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance that service;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
Complying with laws and regulations and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements (including any internal policy based on or reflecting legal or regulatory guidance, codes or opinions).
How Long We Retain Personal Information
The length of time that we intend to retain each category of Personal Information will depend on several criteria, including (i) the length of time we are required to retain Personal Information in order to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, (ii) the length of time we may need to retain Personal Information in order to accomplish the business or commercial purpose(s) for which such Personal Information is collected, used or disclosed (as indicated in this Notice), and (iii) whether you choose to exercise your right, subject to certain exceptions, to request deletion of your Personal Information.
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
In the 12 months preceding the date of this Notice, we have not “sold” or “shared” Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information subject to the CCPA nor have we “sold” or “shared” Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information of minors under the age of 16.
For purposes of this Notice:
“sold” means the disclosure of Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration; and
“shared” means the disclosure of Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
How We Use Sensitive Personal Information
We only use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for the following purposes consistent with CCPA Regulations:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average California resident who requests those goods or services. For example, a California resident's precise geolocation may be used by a mobile application that is providing them with directions on how to get to a specific location.
To detect security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information, provided that the use of a California resident's Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose. For example, we may disclose a California resident's log-in information to a data security company that it has hired to investigate and remediate a data breach that involved that individual's account.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at the business and to prosecute those responsible for those actions, provided that the use of a California resident's Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose. For example, we may use information about a California resident's ethnicity and/or the contents of email and text messages to investigate claims of racial discrimination or hate speech.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons, provided that the use of a California resident's Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose. For example, we may disclose a California resident's geolocation information to law enforcement to investigate an alleged kidnapping.
For short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of a California resident's current interaction with us.
To perform services such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying a California resident's information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Rights under the CCPA
If you are a California resident covered by the CCPA, you have the right to:
Receive this Notice at or before the point of collection of your Personal Information.
Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of Personal Information about you that we collected;
the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected;
the purpose for collecting Personal Information about you;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information about you and the categories of Personal Information that were disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the Personal Information about you; and
the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
Request we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you.
Request we delete Personal Information we collected from you, unless the CCPA recognizes an exception.
Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Please see the section below entitled, “How to Exercise Your Rights,” for instructions explaining how you can exercise these rights described above.
Requests for specific pieces of Personal Information will require additional information to verify your identity.
For individuals submitting a request on behalf of another person, we may require proof of authorization and verification of identity directly from the person for whom the request is made.
For a company or organization submitting a request on behalf of another person, we may require proof of authorization from the individual such as a Power of Attorney and verification of identity directly from the person for whom the request is made.
In some instances, we may not be able to honor your request. For example, we will not honor your request if we cannot verify your identity or if we cannot verify that you have the authority to make a request on behalf of another individual. Additionally, we will not honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of Personal Information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another California resident or where the Personal Information that we maintain about you is not subject to the CCPA's access or deletion rights.
We will advise you in our response if we are not able to honor your request. We will not provide Social Security numbers, driver's license numbers or government-issued identification numbers, financial account numbers, unique biometric data, health care or medical identification numbers, account passwords or security questions and answers, or any specific pieces of information if the disclosure presents the possibility of unauthorized access that could result in identity theft or fraud or unreasonable risk to data or systems and network security.
We will work to process all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the CCPA. If we need an extension for up to an additional 45 days in order to process your request, we will provide you with an explanation for the delay.
How We Process Opt-Out Preferences
Bank of America permits California residents to automatically exercise their right to opt-out of sale/sharing through opt-out preference signals without having to make individualized opt-out requests. Bank of America treats opt-out preference signals as valid requests to opt-out of sale/sharing for the browser. Please note, however, we do not “sell” or “share” personal information with any third parties, as such terms are defined by the CCPA.
How to Exercise Your Rights
If you are a California resident, you may submit a request by:
Completing an online
Personal Information Request Form
Calling 888.341.5000
Questions or Concerns
You may contact us with questions or concerns about this Notice and our practices by:
Writing us at:
Individual Rights Operations TX-041-02-08
16001 N Dallas Pkwy Building 1
Addison, TX 75001
Emailing us at
serviceinquiries4@bofa.com
Metrics
Please visit
www.bankofamerica.com/ccpa-metrics
for data reporting published in accordance with Section 7102 of the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations.
Changes to This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
We may change or update this Notice from time to time. When we do, we will post the revised Notice on this page with a new “Last Updated” date.
Where You Can Find This Notice Online
You may access this Notice online at
www.bankofamerica.com/CCPA-Notice
.
Ways to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
California residents can request details about personal information collected and shared by
entering a personal information request
or calling 888-341-5000.
Additional information:
CCPA personal information request metrics
Frequently Asked Questions
Sub-policy 2
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/gbgmr/global-privacy-notices/BofA-Institutional-Digital-Privacy-Notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 3
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/gbgmr/global-privacy-notices/BofA-Media-and-Investor-Contacts-Data-Privacy-Notice-(English).pdf:

Sub-policy 4
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/gbgmr/global-privacy-notices/BofA-Media-and-Investor-Contacts-Data-Privacy-Notice-(Indonesia).pdf:

Sub-policy 5
https://business.bofa.com/en-us/content/data-privacy-Australia.html:
Skip to main content
CORPORATE CARD DATA PROTECTION POLICY - AUSTRALIA
1. Your personal information
Your personal information (such as information that identifies you or can be used to identify you, for example your name, date of birth and contact details) is protected by the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the
Privacy Act
). This Data Protection Notice explains how Bank of America, National Association –Australian Branch (
“we”
or
“us”
), collect, use and disclose personal information online and offline in connection with your personal information. This includes personal information we obtain from you, your employer or other parties, as well as information about your use of the account and our Global Card Access desktop and mobile application, your card and any transactions made with your card (including the date and amount of such transactions) and our communications with you.
2. How we use your personal information
We will process and record your personal information:
to administer your card and account and provide online and offline services to you (including our Global Card Access desktop and mobile application);
to facilitate transactions;
to comply with the rules of any relevant card scheme;
to carry out, monitor and analyze our business;
as part of the sale, merger or similar change of our or any Bank of America Corporation business;
to detect, prevent and investigate fraud and to protect the security of your card accounts, including “know your customer”, anti-money laundering, conflict and other necessary onboarding and ongoing client checks, due diligence and verification, and anti-corruption and bribery or anti-terrorism activities;
to comply with any applicable laws, rules or regulations in any country and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements; and
as otherwise permitted by applicable law, with your explicit consent or authorization.
In processing your personal information, we may transfer it outside of Australia to other countries, including the United States of America. We are responsible for making sure that any such transfer is made in compliance with the Privacy Act. If the necessary personal information is not obtained, we may not be able to provide you with your card or related services.
3. Recipients of your personal information
We may disclose your personal information (including details of your transactions) to:
any person or company working for us (including professional service organizations such as legal, audit and accounting service providers, technology and data processing companies and IT hosting providers);
any of our group companies, offices or branches;
your employer or any group company of your employer;
any person or company that provides products or services to you or your employer in connection your card or account (including but not limited to Mastercard);
any person to whom we transfer or may transfer any of our rights or duties under the agreement we have with your employer;
any payment system under which we issue your card or account; and
any institution, court, agency or authority (including law enforcement authorities) to whom we are required to disclose it by law including, without limitation, anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and for the purpose of fighting crime and terrorism.
If you have given false or inaccurate information or we suspect fraud we will record this and may pass this information to fraud prevention and law enforcement agencies.
If any payment in relation to the account is processed through a worldwide payment system, information about you may be passed to certain authorities (including authorities outside Australia) in order to detect and prevent terrorism.
4. Collection of other information
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal a person’s specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual, such as:
Browser and device information
App usage data
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal a person’s specific identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner that it no longer reveals a person’s specific identity
Survey responses and similar information that reveals views and preferences, but which does not reveal a person’s specific identity.
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information as detailed in this Data Protection Notice.
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through a browser or device
: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through devices, such as a Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) being used. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Using cookies
: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer being used. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other anonymous traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize the user’s experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them. We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Most browsers allow individuals to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. Please refer to
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
for more information. Declining cookies may cause certain parts of the Services to cease working.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies
: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates.
Analytics
: We may use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
We may use Flash LSOs and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel, which can be found by going to
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
You can also go to the Global Storage Settings Panel at
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html
and follow the instructions (which may explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to as “information”), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications.
IP Address
: An IP address is automatically assigned to a computer by an Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Services. We may also derive approximate location from IP address.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal information as long as it is combined.
5. Whether we will transfer personal information internationally
Personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, including the United States. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access Personal information.
For transfers from Australia to countries not considered adequate, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses to protect Personal information. Transfers may also be made pursuant to contracts in your interest or at your request.
By providing us with your Personal information, you recognize and understand that we may collect, use, transfer, or disclose your Personal information to the third parties and for the purposes identified in this Data Protection Notice to reasonably provide you with the Services. If you do not provide us with the Personal information described in this Data Protection Notice, we may no longer be able to provide you with the Services and your receipt of such Services may promptly be discontinued.
6. How long we will keep your personal information
We will retain Personal information for as long as needed in accordance with our retention schedules or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with our client and provide the Services; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
7. Your rights in respect of your personal information
You have certain rights under the Privacy Act, including the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and seek the correction of such information and the right to request a copy of our data protection policies and practices. This Data Protection Notice contains information about how to request access to and correction of personal information, how to complain of a breach of the Privacy Act, and how complaints are handled. To exercise your rights and make a complaint, please email Global Card Services at
asiacardsupport@bofa.com
. To request a copy of your personal information, please email Global Card Services at
asiacardsupport@bofa.com
. The requested information shall be provided free of charge within the limit of one request per year.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed, due to other legal obligations.
Please note that if you withdraw consent, we may still be permitted to hold and process some of your information as required or permitted by law. Additionally, upon your withdrawal of such consent, we will immediately terminate your card.
8. Updates to the data protection notices
We may change this Data Protection Notice, from time to time. The “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this Data Protection Notice indicates when this Data Protection Notice was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Data Protection Notice. Use of the Services following these changes (or your continued provision of Personal information to us) signifies acceptance of the revised Data Protection Notice.
If you have any questions about this Data Protection Notice, you may contact on
connect.dpo@bofa.com
. To help us to manage your query, please include your full name and corporate card number.
DPN Australia (v6) January 2021
Privacy & Security home page
Card & Comprehensive Payables home page
Back to Global Banking & Global Markets
Your Privacy Choices
Sharing and Selling of Personal Data
Strictly Necessary
Advertising
Performance
Preference
Your Privacy Choices
This feature allows you to manage your privacy choices. By selecting a category, you can learn about your choices and make changes. Selections you make will update your default settings. Where possible, we will provide you with a single privacy profile and store settings across our brands. Occasionally there are legal or technical limitations, where you have multiple user names or accounts, that may prevent this from occurring. You should check your settings for accuracy based on your relationship with us.
Local Privacy Notices and Requirements
The Privacy Choices displayed are specific to  your local privacy requirements and our privacy notices. For more information about how we protect your privacy, including specific rights that may apply, please visit the
Institutional Privacy
and the
Consumer Privacy
pages.
Marketing Preferences
To manage your general marketing preferences, please visit the “Control how we can share your data and market to you” form on our
Privacy Page.
California Residents
To learn more about your privacy rights as a California resident, please see our
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice.
To exercise your CCPA consumer rights to request, correct or delete your personal information, please visit our
CA Personal Information Request form.
To opt out of sharing and selling, open the “Sharing and selling of Personal Data” tab and make a selection.
Sharing and Selling of Personal Data
Bank of America does not sell personal information, but we may share personal information for targeted advertising. You have the right to opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information.
By switching the toggle to the left and clicking save, you are indicating that you do not want us to sell your personal information or share your personal information for online targeted advertising activities.
If you do not have an account or if you are not logged into your account, your request to opt-out of sale/sharing will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to us.
At any time, you may change your preference setting using the toggle bar.  Any manual adjustment will override previous settings.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Without these cookies, this site will not work properly. Examples include setting your privacy preferences, setting your language preferences or logging into a secured area requiring authentication. They may also detect transmission errors, data loss or distribute network traffic across different servers to ensure accessibility.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising
Advertising cookies are used to deliver advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. They are usually placed by our advertising partners and remember that you have visited a site. This information may be shared with other organizations such as advertisers.
Cookies Details‎
Performance
Performance cookies enable us to measure and improve the performance of our site. They collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often and if they get error messages from web pages.  They can also be used to analyze browsing behavior for marketing research.
Cookies Details‎
Preference
Preference cookies enable the site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization by allowing a website to remember choices you make. They can be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you may have customized as well as pre-filling forms. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 6
https://business.bofa.com/en-us/content/data-privacy-hongkong.html:
Skip to main content
CORPORATE CARD DATA PROTECTION NOTICE – HONG KONG
1. Your personal data
Your personal data (such as data that identifies you or can be used to identify you, for example your name, date of birth and contact details) is protected by the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (
PDPO
). This Data Protection Notice explains how Bank of America, National Association – Hong Kong Branch (
“we” or “us”
), collect, use and disclose personal data online and offline in connection with your personal data. This includes personal data we obtain from you, your employer or other parties, as well as information about your use of the account and our Global Card Access desktop and mobile application, your card and any transactions made with your card (including the date and amount of such transactions) and our communications with you.
From time to time, it is necessary for you to supply us with personal data in connection with the issue or use of credit cards and the establishment or continuation of banking or credit facilities or provision of related banking or financial services or compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure to supply such personal data may result in us being unable to approve the issuing or use of credit cards or continue banking or credit facilities or provide related banking/financial services or comply with applicable laws or regulations.
2. How we use your personal data
We will collect, use or disclose your personal data:
to administer your card and account and provide online and offline services to you (including our Global Card Access desktop and mobile application);
to facilitate transactions;
to comply with the rules of any relevant card scheme;
to carry out, monitor and analyze our business;
as part of the sale, merger or similar change of our or any Bank of America Corporation business;
to detect, prevent and investigate fraud and to protect the security of your card accounts, including “know your customer”, anti-money laundering, conflict and other necessary onboarding and ongoing client checks, due diligence and verification, and anti-corruption and bribery or anti-terrorism activities;
to comply with any applicable laws, rules or regulations in any country, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements;
as otherwise permitted by applicable law, with your explicit consent or authorization
In collecting, using or disclosing your personal data, we may transfer it outside Hong Kong to other countries, including countries which may not have equivalent data protection laws to those in Hong Kong. We are responsible for making sure that any such transfer is made in compliance with the PDPO.
3. Recipients of your personal data
We may disclose your personal data (including details of your transactions) to the following parties for the purposes set out in (2) above:
any person or company working for us (including professional service organizations such as legal, audit and accounting service providers, technology and data processing companies and IT hosting providers);
any of our group companies, offices or branches;
your employer or any group company of your employer;
any person or company that provides products or services to you or your employer in connection your card or account (including but not limited to Mastercard);
any person to whom we transfer or may transfer any of our rights or duties under the agreement we have with your employer;
any payment system under which we issue your card or account; and
any institution, court, agency or authority (including law enforcement authorities) to whom we are required to disclose it by law including, without limitation, anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and for the purpose of fighting crime and terrorism.
If you have given false or inaccurate information or we suspect fraud we will record this and may pass this information to fraud prevention and law enforcement agencies.
If any payment in relation to the account is processed through a worldwide payment system, information about you may be passed to certain authorities (including authorities outside Hong Kong) in order to detect and prevent terrorism.
4. Collection of other information
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal a person’s specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual, such as:
Browser and device information
App usage data
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal a person’s specific identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner that it no longer reveals a person’s specific identity
Survey responses and similar information that reveals views and preferences, but which does not reveal a person’s specific identity.
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Data under applicable law, we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Data as detailed in this Data Protection Notice. We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through a browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through devices, such as a Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) being used. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer being used. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other anonymous traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize the user’s experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them. We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Most browsers allow individuals to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. Please refer to
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
for more information. Declining cookies may cause certain parts of the Services to cease working.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies
: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates.
Analytics
: We may use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
We may use Flash LSOs and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel, which can be found by going to
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
. You can also go to the Global Storage Settings Panel at
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html
and follow the instructions (which may explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to as “information”), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications.
IP Address
: An IP address is automatically assigned to a computer by an Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Services. We may also derive approximate location from IP address.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Data. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data as long as it is combined.
5. Whether we will transfer personal data internationally
Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, including the United States. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access Personal Data.
By providing us with your Personal Data, you recognize and understand that we may collect, use, transfer, or disclose your Personal Data to the third parties and for the purposes identified in this Data Protection Notice to reasonably provide you with the Services. If you do not provide us with the Personal Data described in this Data Protection Notice, we may no longer be able to provide you with the Services and your receipt of such Services may promptly be discontinued.
6. How long we will keep your personal data
We will retain Personal Data for as long as needed in accordance with our retention schedules or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with our client and provide the Services; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
7. Your rights in respect of your personal data
You have certain rights under the PDPO, including the right to check whether we hold personal data about you, the right to request access to personal data we hold about you, the right to request correction of such personal data, and the right to ascertain our policies and practices in relation to personal data. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
To exercise your rights under the PDPO including to request access to your personal data, please email Global Card Services at
asiacardsupport@bofa.com
. The requested data shall be provided free of charge within the limit of one request per year. We have the right to charge a reasonable fee for the processing of any additional data request access.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Data you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have the Personal Data suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of the Personal Data. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed, due to other legal obligations.
8. Updates to this data protection notice
We may change this Data Protection Notice, from time to time. The “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this Data Protection Notice indicates when this Data Protection Notice was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Data Protection Notice. Use of the Services following these changes (or your continued provision of Personal Data to us) signifies acceptance of the revised Data Protection Notice.
If you have any questions about this Data Protection Notice, you may contact on
connect.dpo@bofa.com
. To help us to manage your query, please include your full name and corporate card number.
DPN Hong Kong (v6) January 2021
Privacy & Security home page
Card & Comprehensive Payables home page
Back to Global Banking & Global Markets
Sub-policy 7
https://business.bofa.com/en-us/content/data-privacy-singapore.html:
Skip to main content
CORPORATE CARD DATA PROTECTION NOTICE – SINGAPORE
1. Your personal data
Your personal data (such as information that identifies you or can be used to identify you, for example your name, date of birth and contact details) is protected by the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (the
PDPA
). This Data Protection Notice explains how Bank of America, National Association - Singapore Branch (
“we” or “us”
), collect, use and disclose personal data online and offline in connection with your personal data. This includes personal data we obtain from you, your employer or other parties, as well as information about your use of the account and our Global Card Access desktop and mobile application, your card and any transactions made with your card (including the date and amount of such transactions) and our communications with you.
2. How we use your personal data
We will collect, use or disclose your personal data:
to administer your card and account and provide online and offline services to you;
to facilitate transactions;
to comply with the rules of any relevant card scheme;
to carry out, monitor and analyze our business;
as part of the sale, merger or similar change of our or any Bank of America Corporation business;
to detect, prevent and investigate fraud and to protect the security of your card accounts, including “know your customer”, anti-money laundering, conflict and other necessary onboarding and ongoing client checks, due diligence and verification, and anti-corruption and bribery or anti-terrorism activities;
to comply with any applicable laws, rules or regulations in any country, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements; and
as otherwise permitted by applicable law, with your explicit consent or authorization.
In collecting, using or disclosing your personal data, we may transfer it outside Singapore to other countries. We are responsible for making sure that any such transfer is made in compliance with the PDPA.
3. Recipients of your personal data
We may disclose your personal data (including details of your transactions) to:
any person or company working for us (including professional service organizations such as legal, audit and accounting service providers, technology and data processing companies and IT hosting providers);
any of our group companies, offices or branches;
your employer or any group company of your employer;
any person or company that provides products or services to you or your employer in connection your card or account (including but not limited to Mastercard);
any person to whom we transfer or may transfer any of our rights or duties under the agreement we have with your employer;
any payment system under which we issue your card or account; and
any institution, court, agency or authority (including law enforcement authorities) to whom we are required to disclose it by law including, without limitation, anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and for the purpose of fighting crime and terrorism.
If you have given false or inaccurate information or we suspect fraud we will record this and may pass this information to fraud prevention and law enforcement agencies.
If any payment in relation to the account is processed through a worldwide payment system, information about you may be passed to certain authorities (including authorities outside Singapore) in order to detect and prevent terrorism.
4. Collection of other information
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal a person’s specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual, such as:
Browser and device information
App usage data
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal a person’s specific identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner that it no longer reveals a person’s specific identity
Survey responses and similar information that reveals views and preferences, but which does not reveal a person’s specific identity.
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Data under applicable law, we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Data as detailed in this Data Protection Notice.
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through a browser or device
: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through devices, such as a Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) being used. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Using cookies
: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer being used. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other anonymous traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize the user’s experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them. We do not currently respond to browser do-not track signals.
Most browsers allow individuals to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. Please refer to
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
for more information. Declining cookies may cause certain parts of the Services to cease working.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates.
Analytics: We may use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
We may use Flash LSOs and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel, which can be found by going to
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
. You can also go to the Global Storage Settings Panel at
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html
and follow the instructions (which may explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to as “information”), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications.
IP Address
: An IP address is automatically assigned to a computer by an Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Services. We may also derive approximate location from IP address.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Data. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data as long as it is combined.
5. Whether we will transfer personal data internationally
Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, including the United States. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access Personal Data.
For transfers from Singapore to countries not considered adequate, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses to protect Personal Data. Transfers may also be made pursuant to contracts in your interest or at your request. By providing us with your Personal Data, you recognize and understand that we may collect, use, transfer, or disclose your Personal Data to the third parties and for the purposes identified in this Data Protection Notice to reasonably provide you with the Services. If you do not provide us with the Personal Data described in this Data Protection Notice, we may no longer be able to provide you with the Services and your receipt of such Services may promptly be discontinued.
6. How long we will keep your personal data
We will retain Personal Data for as long as needed in accordance with our retention schedules or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with our client and provide the Services; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
7. Your rights in respect of your personal data
You have certain rights under the
PDPA
, including the right to access, update or correct the personal data we hold about you or withdraw your consent to the use, collection and disclosure of your personal data (subject to certain exceptions). If you wish to access, update or correct your personal data or withdraw your consent to the use, collection and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with this Data Protection Notice, please email Global Card Services at
asiacardsupport@bofa.com
. The requested information shall be provided free of charge within the limit of one request per year.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed, due to other legal obligations.
Please note that if you withdraw consent, we may still be permitted to hold, use or disclose some of your information as required or permitted by law. Additionally, upon your withdrawal of such consent, we will immediately terminate your card.
8. Updates to this data protection notice
We may change this Data Protection Notice, from time to time. The “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this Data Protection Notice indicates when this Data Protection Notice was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Data Protection Notice. Use of the Services following these changes (or your continued provision of Personal Data to us) signifies acceptance of the revised Data Protection Notice.
If you have any questions about this Data Protection Notice, you may contact our Data Protection Officer on
connect.dpo@bofa.com
. To help us to manage your query, please include your full name and corporate card number.
DPN Singapore (v6) January 2021
Privacy & Security home page
Card & Comprehensive Payables home page
Back to Global Banking & Global Markets
Sub-policy 8
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-english.pdf:

Sub-policy 9
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-bulgarian.pdf:

Sub-policy 10
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-czech.pdf:

Sub-policy 11
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-danish.pdf:

Sub-policy 12
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-dutch.pdf:

Sub-policy 13
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-estonian.pdf:

Sub-policy 14
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-finnish.pdf:

Sub-policy 15
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-french.pdf:

Sub-policy 16
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-german.pdf:

Sub-policy 17
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-greek.pdf:

Sub-policy 18
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-hungarian.pdf:

Sub-policy 19
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-italian.pdf:

Sub-policy 20
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-latvian.pdf:

Sub-policy 21
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-lithuanian.pdf:

Sub-policy 22
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-norwegian.pdf:

Sub-policy 23
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-polish.pdf:

Sub-policy 24
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-portuguese.pdf:

Sub-policy 25
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-romanian.pdf:

Sub-policy 26
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-spanish.pdf:

Sub-policy 27
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-slovak.pdf:

Sub-policy 28
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-slovenian.pdf:

Sub-policy 29
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-swedish.pdf:

Sub-policy 30
https://business.bofa.com/content/dam/flagship/pdf/data-privacy-turkish.pdf:
