Spatial Systems Privacy Policy
Version Effective:
August 8, 2024
Spatial Systems, Inc. (“Spatial,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) provides an online metaverse platform allowing our users from anywhere in the world to host virtual galleries, exhibitions, conferences and events in artist-built customizable spaces using augmented and virtual reality (“AR/VR”) teleconferencing (the “Platform”) where you can instantly display your art and other visual content and view them in 3D. Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information, and to assist you in exercising your privacy rights.
SCOPE
This Privacy Policy applies to information processed by us in the course of our business, including on our websites (the “Sites”), our mobile applications (the “Apps”), the Spatial Platform, and our related online and offline offerings (collectively, the “Services”).
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you use our Services, we may collect the following kinds of information:
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
Account Information.
When you sign up for an account to use our Services as an authorized user, you will provide us with personal information (also known as “personally identifiable information” or “personal data” under applicable laws). This may include your name, email address, gender, phone number, profile photo or image (to create an avatar), and AR/VR device type. Your avatar or the user name which you associate with your account may not be personal information depending on the extent to which either item identifies you. For enterprise users, we may collect additional personal information from you including the name and address of your business and your role at the business.
Your Communications with Us.
We collect personal information from you such as your email address, name, employer or other company with which you are associated, AR/VR device type, and purchasing plans when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Virtual Spaces.
When you use our Services, you can create and customize virtual rooms and spaces and visit virtual spaces created by others (“Spaces”). The Services allow you to upload images, and all manner of content (collectively, “Content”) into the Spaces so that you may easily share and collaborate with other individuals. We collect and store data describing the Spaces and the Content uploaded to the Spaces.
Teleconferencing.
The Services allow you to teleconference with other users within the Spaces using the sensors on your AR/VR device. When you do this, audio and video of you and your surroundings will be captured by us and provided to other users along with your Avatar to enable AR/VR teleconferencing. We also collect and store usage information describing teleconferencing activities within the Spaces, such as the number of files uploaded, times and durations of the teleconferences, and the identities of the users who participated in the teleconferences.
Interactive Features.
We may offer interactive features such as forums, blogs, chat and messaging services, and social media pages on the Services. We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any Content you provide via the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and may not be subject to all privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes.
Payment Information.
We may receive payment information allowing you to pay us for the Services, but sensitive personal information such as your credit card information cannot be accessed by us. Payment information goes to a third-party payment provider to process payments for the Services. We may receive non-sensitive personal information associated with your payment information, such as billing address and transaction information, but we do not store payment information on the Services.
Surveys.
We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests.
We may run sweepstakes and contests. Contact information you provide may be used to inform you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information about winners.
Conferences and Trade Shows.
We may attend conferences and trade shows where we collect personal information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Spatial and/or the Services. If you provide us with any personal information at one of these events, we will use it for the purposes for which it was collected.
Business Development and Strategic Partnerships.
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
Job Applications.
We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein, which includes personal information, to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain personal information automatically when you use the Services. This personal information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred location based on your IP address), Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, information about how you interact with the Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use the Services. Personal information we collect may be associated with accounts, other devices and Spaces.
AR/VR Device Information.
We automatically collect microphone and telemetry information from your AR/VR device when you use the Services. The telemetry information describes your AR/VR device and how you use it, and may include information about the type of AR/VR device, its configuration, and how it is performing. The telemetry information may also describe other devices used in connection with the AR/VR device such as a computer or mobile device, and information about your network connection. The telemetry information may additionally include information about your physical environment and movements within the environment. With your consent, we may collect personal information describing your precise location using a GPS or other sensor on the AR/VR device or other device used in connection with the AR/VR device. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your AR/VR device or other device. If you are using a shared AR/VR device, you should ensure that its settings reflect your preferences before participating in a teleconference using the Services.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Personalized Advertising.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect personal information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with the Services.
Cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed in visitors' device browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the Services that collects information about users' engagement. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on particular content. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Analytics.
We use service providers such as Google Analytics, Mixpanel and may use others to collect anonymized or aggregate information regarding user behavior and user demographics on the Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt out of Google's processing of data generated by your use of the Services by visiting
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. For more information about Mixpanel, please visit
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Session Replay Providers
. We use service providers such as FullStory for session replay analytics. FullStory is a service provider that allows us to record and replay an individual's interaction with the Services. FullStory's privacy policy can be found at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy/
. You can opt out of FullStory's collection of your information by visiting
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
.
INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may obtain personal information about you from other sources, including through third party services. Spatial may allow you to register for an account and/or use our Services with certain third-party login services such as Google (each, a “Third-Party Account”). If you use our Services with a Third-Party Account, we will receive basic information tied to the account such as your email address, full name, profile photo and unique user IDs or tokens used by the third party service. We will also receive files and other information from these third-party services that you specifically link to while using the Services, such as files from Google Drive, Google Docs or Dropbox.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to: Provide the Services or Requested Information, such as:
Fulfilling our contract with you;
Managing your information;
Processing payment card and/or other financial information (through a secure third-party - payment processor) to facilitate your use of the Services;
Responding to questions, comments, and other requests;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of the Services;
Answering requests for customer or technical support; and
Allowing you to register for events.
To serve administrative purposes, such as: pursuing legitimate interests, such as direct - marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information - security, and fraud prevention;
Providing notifications to you (via the Services, email or text) when a Space you follow goes - live, when a user whom you follow is online or takes certain other actions, such as public - listing a Space, entering a Space, following you or another user;
Measuring interest and engagement in the Services;
Improving our products and Services;
Developing new products and services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
Carrying out audits;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on the Services and Privacy Policy - changes;
Preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforcing our agreements; and
Complying with our legal obligations.
Marketing Our Products and Services.
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth below.
Consent.
We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent. At any time you have the right to revoke your consent with respect to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information.
De-identified and Aggregated Information Use.
We may use personal information and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, de-identified or aggregated trends, reports, or statistics, or other analyses we create., and we may use and disclose such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes.
Sharing Content/Spaces and Profiles with Friends, Colleagues and Third Parties.
We offer various tools and functionalities for sharing your Profile, Content and personal information with others. Your Spatial profile consists of the user name that you choose and the avatar that you wish to use (whether these are identifiable to you, like a photo, or not)(collectively, “Profile”). It also includes the list of people whom you follow and who follow you. Your Profile is publicly visible and searchable, and you have the option in your sole discretion to add a bio (and preferred links), which may include additional personal information. You may choose to share your Spaces with other users and third parties, along the lines of what you do on other social media sites. Most creators of Spaces wish to share Spaces (including your Content) with users and third parties, and on other social media sites, in order to obtain followers. You can also follow other users and “like” their Spaces. The default setting to obtain followers would be your public listing of your Space. Publicly listed Spaces are visible and searchable on Spatial’s “Explore” page, and on the user Profile page. However, you can affirmatively choose to keep your Space(s) private, by toggling to ensure that it is not publicly listed. In this manner you can control whether most of your Content (other than your Profile) is visible (i) only to Your invited Users in a Space, (ii) only to the holders of certain crypto tokens (Spaces can be token-gated), or (iii) to anyone under the public listing default option, which latter option will make Your Customer Content in a given Space visible to any follower or third party who has access to the link.
We also allow you to integrate your Spaces with popular business tools such as Google Drive and Slack, and to upload Content from applications into Spaces to enhance your use of the Services. You control how long you use the Content and information, and when to delete it or cease using it. Spatial only accesses and stores the Content and personal information on your behalf that you specifically import into the Services, and we do not share this data outside of the context of your use, i.e., your use in Spaces with other individuals of your choosing, except for certain special cases listed herein (e.g., law enforcement requirement). Moreover you have the right to disconnect Spatial from these third party services, such as Google Drive.
In addition, we may allow you to provide personal information about your friends through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies.
Our uses of the automatic collection Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services that are required to identify irregular behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functions;
Performance Related. We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use the Services;
Functionality Related. We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services and keeping track of your specified preferences or past pages viewed; and
Advertising or Targeting Related. We may use first-party or third-party Technologies to develop and deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third-party sites. Depending on applicable law, we will seek your express consent to such ads. We do not sell your personal information.
Cross-Device Tracking.
Your browsing activity may be tracked across different websites and different devices or apps. For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your laptop. To do this our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the personal information of the browser and devices that appear to be used by the same person.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The types of service providers to whom we entrust information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) marketing and advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services. We do so in accordance with applicable law, which may require data processing agreements or addenda.
Business Partners.
We may provide personal information to business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Advertising Partners.
Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect personal information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” Depending on your place of domicile and applicable law, we may request your express consent to undertake such activities. If you prefer not to share your personal information with third party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below.
Information Shared with Other Users.
When you use the Services, certain personal information will be accessible to other users and the public/third parties. This personal information will include your Profile (which may constitute personal information), and may include Content you choose to present via public listing, including any audio or images of you or your surroundings. Please be aware that Spatial has little or no control over how individuals may use the Content you share. Through your control of the public listing of Spaces, you choose with whom you wish to share your Content in Spaces while using the Services.
APIs and Software Development Kits.
We may use third party APIs and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. APIs and SDKs may allow third parties to collect your personal information, subject to applicable law, to provide Content that is more relevant to you. For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below.
Apple Specific APIs.
We use certain biometric and audio data provided by the microphone, front and rear facing cameras, and TrueDepth and ARKit to locate and transmit the user's voice, camera video feed, 3D physical position and facial expression. Data, including personal data, is transmitted through our Services and trusted and verified third-party services to other participants on your current call. All data is encrypted in transit, is never stored on Spatial servers and is not used for marketing or advertising purposes.
We also provide “Scan Functionality” which allows you to create a 3D scan of your environment. We use the Camera API and the TrueDepth camera to collect depth and color data to generate 3D scans (“Scan Data”). Spatial does not use any Face Data, as that term is defined in Apple Developer Program License (“Face Data” means information related to human faces (e.g., face mesh data, facial map data, face modeling data, facial coordinates or facial landmark data, including data from an uploaded photo). Scan Data is not shared with third parties. Scan Data is stored locally on the device within the app's container. Additionally, if you create an account and sign in, Scan Data is synced using encryption to Spatial's secure servers, where you are able to log in and download scans. We will retain this data until you delete your account with Spatial, or specifically delete data items. You can remove data by visiting the content portal or by emailing
support@spatial.io
. Subsequent dissemination or sharing of Scan Data from the app or our cloud platform is exclusively in your control. You may choose to use the Application to record scans or images of your face (“Face Data”), but note that you are not required to do so in order to use Spatial (or any other part of the Services).
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others.
We may access, preserve, and disclose any personal information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your personal information may be transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
You agree that all personal information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States and other countries which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or the United Kingdom and provide personal data to us, we will either seek your express consent to such transfer if you are an individual data subject in accordance with applicable law, or we will rely on mechanisms such as the applicable Standard Contractual Clauses.
YOUR CHOICES
General.
You may have the right to opt into certain uses of your personal information, or based on type of use and/or your geographic location, to object to or opt out of certain uses of your personal information. Where you have consented to the processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us as described below.
Email Communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to this Privacy Policy).
Mobile Devices.
We may send you push notifications through our Apps. You may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. With your consent, we may also collect precise location information if you use our Apps. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track”.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising.
You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. Depending on your domicile and applicable law, we may seek your express consent to the placement of cookies. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for Android and iOS. The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from advertisers that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
,
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
and
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Access
personal information about you consistent with legal requirements. In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal information transferred to another party.
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Request Deletion
of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
Request Restriction or Object to Processing
of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties.
Not be Discriminated Against
by us for exercising your privacy rights.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
DATA RETENTION
We retain the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use adequate technical, organizational, administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information. Unfortunately, no measures can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, by using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by sending a notice through the Services or by sending an e-mail to you.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES/APPLICATIONS
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of, such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
Our Services is not directed to or intended for children who are under the age of 14. Spatial does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 14 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 14 has provided personal information to Spatial through the Services please contact us at
support@spatial.io
and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. This in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
If you are located in the European Union, Switzerland or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion, and such revisions may reflect compliance with applicable law as it changes. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA) PRIVACY NOTICE
This CCPA Privacy Notice applies to California consumers and supplements the Privacy Notice. We do not sell personal information. For purposes of the CCPA, we have collected the following categories of consumers' personal information in the last 12 months:
|
Category of Personal Information
|
Category of Source(s)
|
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Identifiers.                                                                                                     | You, both directly and indirectly via the Services. Our service providers, business partners, third party services, and advertising partners. |
| Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). | You, both directly and indirectly via the Services. Our service providers, business partners, third party services, and advertising partners. |
| Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.                                        | You, both directly and indirectly via the Services. Our service providers, business partners, third party services, and advertising partners. |
| Commercial information.                                                                                          | You, both directly and indirectly via the Services. Our service providers, business partners, third party services, and advertising partners. |
| Internet or other electronic network activity.                                                                   | You, both directly and indirectly via the Services. Our service providers, business partners, third party services, and advertising partners. |
| Geolocation data.                                                                                                | You, both directly and indirectly via the Services. Our service providers, business partners, third party services, and advertising partners. |
| Professional or employment-related information.                                                                  | You, directly.                                                                                                                                |
| Education information.                                                                                           | You, directly.                                                                                                                                |
| Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer.                           | You, both directly and indirectly via the Services. Our service providers, business partners, third party services, and advertising partners. |
We use the collected personal information for the following commercial and business purposes: (1) to provide and improve the Services; (2) for marketing purposes; (3) for fraud prevention and legal purposes; (4) to secure the Services; and (5) for audit purposes. Personal information within each of the categories may be shared with the following categories of third parties: (1) service providers; (2) business partners; (3) advertising partners; and (4) other users. The categories of personal information are shared for the commercial and business purposes listed above.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
SPATIAL [Spatial Systems, Inc.]
155 Wooster Street 8th Floor
New York, New York 10012
United States
support@spatial.io
Featured
Trending
New
💥
Action
🌋
Adventure
🛫
Airplane
🚴
Bike
🚗
Car
🚀
Cyberpunk
🏎️
Driving
👨‍👩‍👧‍👦
Multiplayer
🏃‍♂️
Obby
🪜
Parkour
🪜
Platformer
🏁
Racing
🧑‍🚀
Space
All Categories
Play Walmart UNLIMITED now at
spatial.io/unlimited
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy/:
Site Settings (global) label
Legal Home
Acceptable Use
Cookie Policy
Customer DPA
Delivery Services Provider Addendum
Description of Services for Onboarding Service Providers
International Data Transfers FAQ
Managed Service Provider Addendum
Master Partner Program Agreement
Partner Program Addenda
Pass-Through Terms for Customers of Resellers
Privacy Notice for Californians
Privacy Policy
Reseller Addendum
Technology Partner Addendum
Terms and Conditions
Fullstory Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 1, 2023
Thanks for visiting Fullstory.  This Privacy Policy describes how Fullstory (“we”) collect, use, share and protect information when you interact with our main website
www.fullstory.com
(the “Site”) and when you use the Fullstory SaaS analytics software and services (“Services”) and includes Personal Information collected via email, telephone, social media accounts, or other means.  This document also explains (1) the information we collect; (2) the specific ways we use and disclose that information; and (3) how you can exercise your privacy rights.  By using or accessing the Site or Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and our processing of your information as described below.  Please note that if you are a Fullstory Customer, when you signed up for the Services, you entered into an agreement with Fullstory’s terms of use for the Services, which includes obligations in this Privacy Policy and our
Acceptable Use Policy
(the “Agreement”).
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you, or other sites linked from our Services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our Services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
The Fullstory on Fullstory
The Fullstory Services utilize a powerful script that creates a new level of ease for website owners to understand the usability of their websites.  Website owners who use Fullstory Services can watch a DVR-like video playback of user sessions on their website, enabling meaningful insight into their users’ experience, as an effective way to identify usability problems and other areas for improvement.  Fullstory exists to make the web better for end-users, and it is only available to websites that share that goal.  Please also note that we use Fullstory on Fullstory.  In this regard, we use a separate instance of the Fullstory Services to monitor the instance of Fullstory Services that our customers use.
In this Privacy Policy, we explain the following:
Section 1:  Definitions
Section 2:  How We Collect Information
Section 3:  What Information We Collect
Section 4:  How we use your information
Section 5:  How we share your information
Section 6:  How we protect and store your information
Section 7:  Your Privacy Options
Section 8:  Children’s Information
Section 9:  Jurisdiction-specific Notices
California Residents
Residents of the EEA, Switzerland, or UK
Section 10:  Data Retention
Section 11:  International Transfers
Section 12:  Updates to this Privacy Policy
For questions about our privacy practices, contact us at:
privacy@fullstory.com
.
Section 1:  Definitions
“Fullstory” means Fullstory, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  We may also refer to Fullstory as “we,” “us,” or “our.”
“Fullstory Customer” means any customer that has entered into an agreement with Fullstory to use the Fullstory Services on its site, including those in a trial environment.
“Personal Information” means any information which may identify an individual, household or device, directly or indirectly.  Examples of Personal Information include, but are not limited to, first and last names, home address, billing address or other physical address, email address, telephone number, etc.
“User” refers to a visitor to a website that uses the Fullstory Services or a client of a Fullstory Customer
“Visitor” refers to anyone accessing the Fullstory website,
www.fullstory.com
.
Section 2:  How We Collect Information
We may collect information about you by the following means:
Directly from you, when you provide information to us or interact with us or our affiliates;
Automatically when you, or our Customer(s) utilize or interact with our Services;
From online advertising companies who may share information about the marketing and advertisements you have seen or clicked on, and from social networks and other sources of publicly available data;
From other third party sources that provide consumer data, such as information about your interests, demographic information, and marketing inferences.
Section 3:  What Information We Collect
The types of information we collect varies depending on whether you are a:
Fullstory Visitor
Fullstory Customer, or
A User, i.e. someone visiting a website that uses Fullstory Services
3.1 Fullstory Visitor
This section applies to Personal Information we may process in the usual course of business via the Site.
Usage Details
about your interaction with our Site (such as the pages visited, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered, mouse movements, referring URL;
Device Information
including the IP address and other details of a device that you use to connect with our Services (such as operating system, browser type, mobile network information, and the device's telephone number);
Location information
we use publicly available sources to approximate your geographic region and Internet Service Provider based on your IP address;
Contact information
and any other information you choose to include when you communicate with us via email, mail, or other channels;
Profile and subscription information
, such as a username and password, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, user name, or subscription preferences, when you sign up for a free trial of the Services, create an account to license the Services;
Survey information
in response to questions we may send you through the Services, including for feedback and research purposes;
Biographical information
when you inquire about or apply for a position with us;
User Content
you may provide to publicly post to the Fullstory blog or social media sites via the Services (e.g., comments).
3.2 Fullstory Customer
This section applies to Personal Information of Fullstory Customers that we may process via provision of the Fullstory Services.  Please note that Fullstory requests that all Customers provide notice to their website or mobile application visitors that they use the Fullstory Services.
Transactional information
including payment information and payment history if you engage in transactions through the Services;
Usage Details
about your interaction with our Site (such as the pages visited, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered, mouse movements, referring URL;
Device Information
including the IP address and other details of a device that you use to connect with our Services (such as operating system, browser type, mobile network information, and the device's telephone number);
Location information
we use publicly available sources to approximate your geographic region and Internet Service Provider based on your IP address;
Contact information
and any other information you choose to include when you communicate with us via email, mail, or other channels;
Survey information
in response to questions we may send you through the Services, including for feedback and research purposes;
User Content
you may provide to publicly post to the Fullstory blog or social media sites via the Services (e.g., comments);
Profile and subscription information
, such as a username and password, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, user name, or  subscription preferences, when you create an account to license the Services.
Site usage and session information
. We collect information about your interaction with the Services, including the resources that you access, pages viewed, how much time you spent on a page, and how you reached our website. We also log the details of your visits to our website and information generated in the course of using our website, such as mouse movements, clicks, page visits, text entered, how long you spent on a page, and other details of your actions on our website.
Some of this information is collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies, which may be operated by our partners who assist us in serving ads or providing other services to you.
You may be able to opt out tracking by cookies or control how information collected by cookies is used via a number of means, as described in
Section 7. Your Privacy Options
.
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. We treat the data of everyone who comes to our site in accordance with this Privacy Policy, regardless of your Do Not Tracking setting.  That means that we will continue to use cookies and other technologies to provide you the features of our website but will block third parties from being able to collect data regarding your interactions with our website via cookies.
3.3 A User
For Users of a Fullstory Customer, Fullstory is acting as a service provider (or processor) to the Customer for Fullstory’s Services.  Fullstory collects information on the direction of its Customer, and has no direct relationship with the User whose information it processes.  It is important to understand that when a User visits other websites that use the Fullstory Services, the Fullstory Customer’s privacy policy applies to that information collected instead of this Privacy Policy.
This section applies to Personal Information Fullstory may process relating to Users of a Fullstory Customer’s website:
Site usage and session information
. We use first-party cookies and local storage to maintain a coherent scope for a user session across multiple pages on a single website.  Specifically, we collect information about a User's interaction when a Fullstory Customer uses our Services, including the resources that they access, pages viewed, how much time they spent on a page, and how they reached their website. We also log the details of their visits to our Customer’s website and information generated in the course of using our Customer’s website, such as mouse movements, clicks, page visits, text entered, how long they spent on a page, and other details of their actions on our Customer’s website.
Section 4:  How We Use Your Information
4.1 We use the information we collect from Customers as agreed to in the Agreement and for the following purposes:
To complete transactions between you and Fullstory;
Respond to your requests, questions and comments and provide customer support;
To support our legitimate interests of maintaining and improving our user experience, and the Site;
To create aggregated analytical data, which we can use to provide and improve our respective Fullstory Services;
Monitor the performance of our Services including metrics such as total number of visitors, and traffic;
Interact with you, including to notify you regarding products, services, and promotions that may be of interest to you and inform you about important changes to this Privacy Policy, our Terms or other policies;
Tailor the content we display to you in our Services and communications, including advertising, and offer products and services that we believe may be of interest to you;
Manage, operate, and improve the Services and grow our business, including understanding our customer base and the effectiveness of our marketing, events, promotional campaigns, and publications, and diagnose or fix technology problems;
In a support context, to view details of your account to ensure that it complies with your contractual obligations to us;
Evaluate, recruit, and hire personnel;
To perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of the Fullstory website or the Fullstory Services;
Comply with legal requirements and industry standards, detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal, and protect the rights of Fullstory, you, or others.
We may use and share information in an aggregated or de-identified manner at our discretion, including for research, analysis, modeling, marketing, and improvement of our Services.  Please note that per Fullstory’s terms and conditions, Customers are prohibited from providing Fullstory with sensitive data through usage of the Services.
4.2 We use the information we collect from Users of a Fullstory Customer’s website:
To perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of the Fullstory website or the Fullstory Services;
Comply with legal requirements and industry standards, detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal, and protect the rights of Fullstory, you, or others.
In a support context, to view details of your account to ensure that it complies with your contractual obligations to us;
Manage, operate, and improve the Services;
Monitor the performance of our Services including metrics such as total number of visitors, and traffic.
We may use and share information in an aggregated or de-identified manner at our discretion, including for research, analysis, modeling, marketing, and improvement of our Services.
4.3 General Information on our use of Personal Information
Fullstory Services do not and will not ever attempt to identify the same person across disparate, unrelated domains.  Fullstory takes pains in its engineering choices to differentiate itself from ad-tracking software. It is a violation of our
Acceptable Use Policy
for our customers to attempt to build multi-site user profiles for the intent of selling or exchanging lists of users for demographic information.
We do not sell your data  (Customer, End-User or Visitor) to third parties or otherwise share it with non-agent third parties.  If this practice should change in the future we will update this policy to identify the parties and illustrate how individuals can exercise their right to opt out of such usage.
Fullstory's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Section 5:  How We Share Your Information
Service Providers.
We may share your information with service providers that we believe need the information to perform a technology, business, or other professional function for us such as billing and collection, IT services, maintenance and hosting of our Services, payment processors, marketing partners, accounting, auditing, and tax services, and other professional services.
Analytics
. We partner with analytics providers, who collect information via tracking technologies on our websites to assist us with measuring visits and traffic on our websites so we can measure and improve the performance of the sites.
Advertising.
We partner with third parties who assist us in serving advertising regarding the Services to others who may be interested in the Services, or who use cookies to display interest-based advertising to you on the Services. These third parties may use tracking technologies on our Fullstory website or applications to collect or receive information from the Services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. Third parties may allow other companies to access information about you so that they may market other products you may be interested in.
Social Media.
If you interact with us on social media platforms, the platform may be able to collect information about you and your interaction with us. If you interact with social media objects on our Services (for example, by clicking on a Facebook “like” button), both the platform and your connections on the platform may be able to view that activity. To control this sharing of information, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social media platform.
Affiliates.
We share information with other entities in our corporate family, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Corporate Event.
We reserve the right to transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction. We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Policy.
Legal.
We share information where necessary to comply with applicable law, regulations, subpoenas, or to respond to requests from law enforcement agencies or other government authorities or third-parties, as required by law and without your consent when it is necessary to protect our customers, employees, or property; detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; in emergency situations; or to enforce our rights under our terms of service and policies.
Please note that Fullstory only discloses information to our employees and third-party organizations that (1) need to know such information in order to process it on Fullstory’s behalf or to provide services as described above, and (2) have agreed not to disclose it to any other parties without Fullstory’s consent.  Some of the employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Site and/or Services, you consent to the transfer of information to such individuals and organizations in order to accomplish these purposes.
Section 6.  How We Protect and Store Your Information
Fullstory takes all reasonably necessary precautions, such as implementing a combination of physical, technical, organizational, and administrative safeguards, to protect the information we collect through the Services. Specifically, at Fullstory we maintain a robust information security program, institute security controls with the Fullstory Services, such as TLS certificates and strong authentication options, and give our Customers facilities to exercise good security practices.   Although we take reasonable steps designed to protect your Personal Information, please be advised that no security system or means of transmitting data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be entirely secure (including without limitation with respect to computer viruses, malicious software and hacker attacks). We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of your Personal Information or any information you disclose or transmit to us. We are not responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access, and we are not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such incidents to the fullest extent permitted by law. Where required under law, we will notify you of any such loss, misuse or alteration of Personal Information that may affect you so that you can take the appropriate actions.
If you use our Services outside of the United States, you understand that we may collect, process, and store your Personal Information in the United States and other countries.
Section 7. Your Privacy Options
You may have certain choices when it comes to how we collect and use your information:
Account Information
. If you have a Fullstory account, please visit the
Account Settings
page to update your information, sign up for product and service notifications, and update your Fullstory plan.
Email Marketing
. If at any time you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email or email us at
privacy@fullstory.com
.
Opting out of Fullstory.
If you wish to prevent all websites using the Fullstory Services from being able to capture activity, you can
opt-out
of Fullstory Services.  Opting out will create a cookie that tells Fullstory to turn off capturing on any site that uses the Fullstory Services.  The presence of this cookie is required to continue opting out.  Please note that if you are considering opting-out, you understand that the purpose of Fullstory Services is to help well-intentioned companies make their website better for you. Most people who make websites are just like you: nice people who want to do a good job and make something awesome.  Without the Fullstory Services, companies may not have enough information to understand how to improve their website, or where people are running into pain-points.  They do not need to capture anything sensitive in order to do this, and we have a strictly
Acceptable Use Policy,
where you can see that Fullstory has high standards regarding how our customers respect your privacy.
Online Activity Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
. You have several options to either prevent our collection of information regarding your online activity, or prevent third parties from using such information from being used for interest-based advertisements:
You can opt out or set preferences regarding cookies when a device you utilize visits the Sites, by clicking the Cookie Setting on the bottom of this page.
You can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies across the internet. Please note that if you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of our website or Services may not function properly or be available.  In particular, Fullstory will not be able to coalesce your anonymous user identity automatically into sessions across pages on the same website.
If you are visiting the Services from a mobile device, the operating system of the device may offer you options regarding how the device collects and uses your information for interest-based advertising. Click
here
for more information.
Visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org
or
http://www.aboutads.info
to learn more about your options for opting out of interest-based advertising (or if located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, click
here
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads.
Section 8. Children’s Information
We do not knowingly or intentionally gather Personal information about children who are under the age of 13.  If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information, a child has provided us with Personal Information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us at
privacy@fullstory.com
to have the information deleted from our records. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected the Personal Information of a child under 16, or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible and cease the use of that information in accordance with applicable law.
Section 9. Jurisdiction-Specific Notices
Certain jurisdictions may provide additional rights to individuals with respect to the collection and use of Personal Information that we have collected. For example, you may have the right to request that we: (i) disclose to you any Personal Information that we have about you; (ii) correct or delete Personal Information that we have about you (subject to certain exceptions); or (iii) not disclose or sell your information to a third party (excluding qualified service providers). If you are a resident of any of the following jurisdictions, click on your location to learn more.
California
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), along with the California Privacy Rights Act amendment, provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of information about them, as well as rights to know/access, delete, and limit sharing of Personal Information. You have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your CCPA rights.
Fullstory may disclose your Personal Information to commercial providers for a business purpose, which includes verifying your identity when you make a payment or registering access to your accounts.  When we disclose Personal Information for these reasons, we enter into a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that Personal Information confidential and not to use it for any purpose except for the purposes set forth in the contract.
To the extent that we collect Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA, that information and our practices are described in our
Privacy Notice for Californians
page.
Notice at Collection Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected
You have the right to receive notice of the categories of Personal Information we collect, and the purposes for which those categories of Personal Information will be used. The categories we use below to describe the information are those enumerated in the CCPA.
Entities to whom we disclose information for business purposes are service providers, which are companies that we engage to conduct activities on our behalf. Service providers are restricted from using Personal Information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement.
The following chart describes information we collect when you act as a customer or prospective customer of our products and services or visit our website. The sources of this Personal Information are described in the Information We Collect section above. We collect this Personal Information for the purposes described in the “How We Use Your Information” section above.
Category
Personal Identifiers
Examples
first and last name, email address, and contact address, username, basic account information, unique identifiers (such as those assigned in cookies)
Sold to
Not sold
Shared with
6sense
Marketo
GoogleAds
LinkedIn
G2
Capterra
Twitter
TrustRadius
Bing
Metadata.io
Criteria used to determine retention periods
The duration of our relationship with you; the length of time necessary to complete a transaction; whether your personal information is a sensitive type; whether you specifically consented to retain the data; and our legal, contractual or similar obligations to retain or delete the data.
Disclosed to
Service Providers and
Affiliates
Category
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Examples
name, address, telephone number, employment, employment history
Sold to
Not sold
Shared with
6sense
Marketo
Google Ads
LinkedIn
G2
Capterra
Twitter
TrustRadius
Bing
Metadata.io
Criteria used to determine retention periods
The duration of our relationship with you; the length of time necessary to complete a transaction; whether your personal information is a sensitive type; whether you specifically consented to retain the data; and our legal, contractual or similar obligations to retain or delete the data.
Disclosed to
Service Providers and
Affiliates
Category
Commercial information
Examples
transaction information, billing records, payment records, order history, auditing, accounting
Sold to
Not sold
Shared with
N/A
Criteria used to determine retention periods
Disclosed to
Service Providers and
Affiliates
Category
Electronic, or similar information
Examples
customer support services
Sold to
Not sold
Shared with
N/A
Criteria used to determine retention periods
Disclosed to
Service Providers and
Affiliates
Category
Professional or employment related information
Examples
employment history
Sold to
Not sold
Shared with
LinkedIn
Criteria used to determine retention periods
Disclosed to
Service Provider
Category
Internet or other similar network activity
Examples
unique numerical identifier, cookie or tracking pixel information, device ID, browsing history, search history, IP address, interaction with a website, interaction with an application, or interaction with advertisement, analytics, security, data storage, email and mailing services
Sold to
Not sold
Shared with
6sense
Marketo
GoogleAds
LinkedIn
G2
Capterra
Twitter
TrustRadius
Bing
Metadata.io
Criteria used to determine retention periods
The duration of our relationship with you; the length of time necessary to complete a transaction; whether your personal information is a sensitive type; whether you specifically consented to retain the data; and our legal, contractual or similar obligations to retain or delete the data.
Disclosed to
Service Providers and
Affiliates
Category
Geolocation data
Examples
coarse information (e.g., ZIP code, IP address), device location
Sold to
Not sold
Shared with
N/A
Criteria used to determine retention periods
Criteria used to determine retention periods
Disclosed to
Service Providers and
Affiliates
Category
Inferences drawn from other Personal Information
Examples
interests, preferences
Sold to
Not sold
Shared with
N/A
Criteria used to determine retention periods
Disclosed to
Service Providers
In certain circumstances, you may submit your application for employment through a third-party service that displays our job posting.  We do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services. Please review their privacy policies carefully prior to submitting your application materials.
Privacy Rights for Californians
Under the CCPA, California residents have specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes Californians' rights and explains how California residents can exercise those rights.
Below we further outline specific rights which California residents may have under the CCPA.
Right to Access Your Data.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12- month period preceding the receipt of your request.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
Right to Data Portability.
You have the right to a "portable" copy of your Personal Information that you have submitted to us. Generally, this means you have a right to request that we move, copy or transmit your Personal Information stored on our servers or information technology environment to another service provider's servers or information technology environment.
Right to Delete Your Data.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right of correction
. You have the right to request correction or changes of your Personal Information if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising your privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
How to Submit a Request
You may submit a request to exercise your rights to know/access or delete your Personal Information through one of two means:
Submit a request via email to
privacy@fullstory.com
, or
Call 1-833-385-5786 to submit your request.
Upon submission of your request, we will contact you via the email address provided in your request.  To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information.  In some instances, such as a request for data deletion, we may first separately confirm that you would like for us to in fact delete your personal information before acting on your request.  With all requests, we will aim to complete requests as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with any timeframes mandated by applicable laws. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. You may authorize another individual or a business registered with the California Secretary of State, or designate an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf through these means.
In some cases our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process Personal Information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in response to your request.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
B. Virginia
The Virginia Consumer Data Privacy Act (“VCDPA”), provides Virginia residents with certain additional privacy rights regarding the collection, use and sharing of Personal Information. Sections 2-5 of this Privacy Policy serves as notice of the categories of Personal Information we may collect about you, our processing purposes, and provides detail about how we may disclose your Personal Information to others such as Service Providers.
Fullstory does not sell certain Personal Information as described above. Fullstory does not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Fullstory does engage in “targeted advertising” as that term is defined in VCDPA.
Privacy Rights for Virginians
Under the VCDPA, Virginia residents have specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes Virginians' rights and explains how Virginia residents can exercise those rights.
Right to Access Your Data.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12- month period preceding the receipt of your request.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
Right to Delete Your Data.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right of correction
. You have the right to request correction or changes of your Personal Information if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
Right to Data Portability.
You have the right to a "portable" copy of your Personal Information that you have submitted to us. Generally, this means you have a right to request that we move, copy or transmit your Personal Information stored on our servers or information technology environment to another service provider's servers or information technology environment.
Right to Know and Opt-out.
You have the right to know if we are processing your Personal Information, and you have the right to opt-out of the use of it for purposes of targeted advertising.
How to Submit a Request
You may submit a request to exercise your rights to know/access or delete your Personal Information through submitting a request via email to
privacy@fullstory.com
.
C. Colorado (Effective July 1, 2023)
Beginning July 1, 2023, under the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), Colorado residents will have certain additional privacy rights regarding the collection, use and disclosure of their Personal Information. Sections 2-5 of this Privacy Policy describes the categories of data, processing purposes, and categories of third parties to whom Personal Information may be disclosed.  We do not sell Personal Information of Colorado residents and we do not process Personal Information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.  Fullstory does engage in “targeted advertising” as that term is defined in CPA.
Privacy Rights for Coloradoians
Under the CPA, Colorado residents have specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes Coloradoians ' rights and explains how Colorado residents can exercise those rights.
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising.
You have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for the purpose of targeted advertising.  The opt out mechanism will be made available as of the effective date.
Right to Data Portability.
You have the right to a "portable" copy of your Personal Information that you have submitted to us. Generally, this means you have a right to request that we move, copy or transmit your Personal Information stored on our servers or information technology environment to another service provider's servers or information technology environment.
Right to Access Your Data.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12- month period preceding the receipt of your request.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
Right of correction
. You have the right to request correction or changes of your Personal Information if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
Right to Delete Your Data.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
How to Submit a Request
You may submit a request to exercise your rights to know/access or delete your Personal Information through submitting a request via email to
privacy@fullstory.com
.  Please note that the right to appeal a decision to deny processing of a request by emailing
privacy@fullstory.com
, using
the subject line: “DSR Appeal.'' You may also contact the Colorado Attorney General if you have concerns about the result of the appeal.
D. Connecticut(Effective July 1, 2023)
Beginning July 1, 2023, under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CDPA”), Connecticut residents will have certain additional privacy rights regarding the collection, use and disclosure of their Personal Information. Sections 2-5 of this Privacy Policy describes the categories of data, processing purposes, and categories of third parties to whom Personal Information may be disclosed.  We do not sell Personal Information of Connecticut residents and we do not process Personal Information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Fullstory does engage in “targeted advertising” as that term is defined in CTDPA.
Privacy Rights for Connecticut Residents
Under the CDPA, Connecticut residents have specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes those rights and explains how Connecticut residents can exercise those rights.
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising.
You have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for the purpose of targeted advertising.  The opt out mechanism will be made available as of the effective date.
Right to Data Portability.
You have the right to a "portable" copy of your Personal Information that you have submitted to us. Generally, this means you have a right to request that we move, copy or transmit your Personal Information stored on our servers or information technology environment to another service provider's servers or information technology environment.
Right to Access Your Data.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12- month period preceding the receipt of your request.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
Right of correction
. You have the right to request correction or changes of your Personal Information if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
Right to Delete Your Data.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
How to Submit a Request
You may submit a request to exercise your rights to know/access or delete your Personal Information through submitting a request via email to
privacy@fullstory.com
.
E. EEA, Switzerland, or the UK
If you are located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, you are entitled to certain rights, subject to applicable exceptions, under the GDPR, Swiss, and UK data protection laws. Please note that, in order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.
We typically will process your information pursuant to the following legal bases:
(1) with your consent;
(2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services to you; or
(3) as necessary for our legitimate interests including but not limited to the following circumstances where collecting or using Personal Information is necessary for:
Intra-organization transfers for administrative purposes;
Product development and enhancement, where the processing enables Fullstory to enhance, modify, personalize, or otherwise improve our services and communications for the benefit of our Customers, and to better understand how people interact with our Site and Services;
Fraud detection and prevention;
Enhancement of our cybersecurity, including improving the security of our network and information systems; and
General business operations and diligence;
We also may process your information where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Right of Access:
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether we are processing personal data about you, and if so, request a copy of the personal data.
Right to Correction:
You have the right to correct any inaccuracies in the personal data that we hold about you and, where applicable, to complete any incomplete personal data that we hold.
Right to Erasure:
You have the right to request that we erase the personal data that we hold about you if one of the conditions in Article 17 of the GDPR applies. The right to erasure does not apply in certain circumstances, including where the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Right to Restriction of Processing:
You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data if one of the conditions in Article 18 of the GDPR applies.
Right to Data Portability
: You have the right to receive personal data concerning you in a structured, common, and machine-readable format or request transmission of the data to a third party, if the conditions in Article 20 of the GDPR are met.
Right to Object
: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interests at any time. We will no longer process the data, unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for our processing that override the interests, rights, and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves the purpose of asserting, exercising, or defending legal claims. You also have the right to object at any time to the use of your data for direct marketing.
Right to Withdraw Consent
: If we are processing your personal data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To submit a request to exercise your rights, please request via email to
privacy@fullstory.com
, or call 1-833-385-5786.  We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
Lodging a Complaint
Users that reside in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned. Contact details for data protection authorities are available
here
.
F. Data Rights
If you are located in a jurisdiction outside of the aforementioned jurisdictions, and would like to request a data right (access, transfer,  deletion of your data, etc.) please submit your request via email to
privacy@fullstory.com
.  We will evaluate your request, based on
Section 10: Data Retention
As a general rule, we keep your data for only as long as it is needed to complete the purpose for which it was collected or as required by law. We may need to keep your data for longer than our specified retention periods to honor your requests, including to continue keeping you opted out of marketing emails, or to comply with legal or other obligations.
Section 11: International Transfers
We may, directly or indirectly through third-party entities around the world, process, store, and transfer the information you provide, including your Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy. Specifically, the information and Personal Information that we collect may be transferred to, and stored at, a location outside of your jurisdiction, including outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom, and in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission and that may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. It may also be processed by staff operating outside of your jurisdiction who work for us or for one of the organizations outlined in this Privacy Policy in connection with the activities outlined in this Privacy Policy. Fullstory is located in the United States and operates globally. We have data centers in the United States and in the European Union.  At the time that you contract for our Services, you have the option to designate the location of the data center which supports your Fullstory account.
The laws in the United States regarding Personal Information may be different from the laws of your jurisdiction or country.  Any international transfers, collection, storage, or processing of your Personal Information will comply with safeguards as required by relevant law.
A. Standard Contractual Clauses
For transfers from the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland to the United States, we will comply with applicable laws to provide an adequate level of data protection for the transfer of your personal data.  Fullstory relies on the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses as a legal mechanism for data transfers from the E.U.
B. Data Privacy Framework
Fullstory also complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Fullstory has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Fullstory has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Section 12: Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. The “Effective Date” at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information described in this Policy.