CRYSTALYZE SERVICES: PRIVACY POLICY
Last Update: June 26 2023
INTRODUCTION
Crystalyze Media Inc. (“Crystalyze”, “us”, “our” or “we”) is committed to maintaining the security, confidentiality and privacy of your Personal Information.
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) constitutes an agreement between you (“user”, “you” or “your”) and Crystalyze, but does not include any user under 13 years of age. Crystalyze is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its users. This Privacy Policy describes how Crystalyze collects, protects, uses, retains, discloses, purges and destroys information and data created in the course of your access to and use of the Services.
If you choose to use the Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The Personal Information we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
The Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age. Crystalyze does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Services, register for an Account on the Services, or provide any information about yourself to us via the Services. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will immediately delete this information from our servers. If you believe that Crystalyze may have information from or about a child under 13, please contact our Privacy Team at: privacy@crystalyzeguide.com
DEFINITIONS
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
“
App
” means the Crystalyze’s application, as used on any Device.
“
Crystalyze Premium
” means the subscription available on the App for a monthly or annual fee or for a free trial, as the case may be.
“
Content
” means any expression fixed in a tangible medium and includes, without limitation, text, graphics, images, drawings, and any intellectual property therein.
“
Device
” means any device that can access the App such as a computer, a cellphone or, digital tablet or other similar device.
“
Personal Information
” means information about an identifiable individual (including any “Personal Information” as such term is defined in any applicable privacy statute). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, a person’s name, email address, and, in some cases, user name.
“
Non-Personal Information
” means information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, and may include your IP address, browser and operating system descriptor, age, gender, postal code and non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city). Non-Personal Information also includes “Usage Data” which is anonymous data associated with your Device that includes activities and time on the App.
“
User Generated Content
” means any Content you add or upload to the App.
“
you
” means the individual, company or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the App.
“
Services
” means the Crystalyze website, www.crystalyzeguide.com (the “Site”) and the App.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Through your access to the Services, we collect the following Personal Information:
(a)
Account Data
: If you create an account on the App (“Account”), your full name and email address are collected and linked to your Account.
(b)
App Data
: App Data includes “favourited” crystals, “owned” crystals, “wishlist” crystals, crystal “notes”, calendar “notes”, notification settings, and all User Generated Content.
(c)
Log Data
: Log Data may include information such as your Device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, Device name, operating system version, the configuration of the App when utilizing the App, the time and date of your use of the Services, and information about the way you use the Services (Usage Data).
(d)
Purchase Data
: If you subscribe to Crystalyze Premium, we collect Purchase Data which consists of your purchase history and subscription history within the App. Purchase Data is linked to your Account while your Account is active.
(e)
Usage Data
: Usage Data may include but is not limited to events such as opening the App, closing the App, clicking on controls, searching terms, “favouriting” items, and un-“favouriting” items, and creating a “wishlist”.
Crystalyze does not use cookies in the Services, however, the Services may use third party social media sites that use cookies to collect information. “Cookies” refers to small amounts of data that are stored on your computer’s hard drive or Device when you use or access our Services that identifies your computer or Device and may store Personal Information and Non-Personal Information about you such as behavioural data regarding how you engage with the Services on your Device.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY CRYSTALYZE
Crystalyze uses Usage Data and Log Data only for the following purposes (the “Purposes”):
(a)    Provide and maintain the Services;
(b)    Notify you about changes to the Services;
(c)    Allow you to participate in interactive features of the App when you choose to do so;
(d)    Provide customer care and support;
(e)    Provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Services;
(f)    Monitor your usage of the Services; and
(e)    Detect, prevent, and address technical issues.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES
If you create a Crystalyze Account, Crystalyze may disclose certain Personal and Non-Personal Information to the third-party providers Google Firebase and MongoDB Cloud only to store Usage Data, Account Data, and App Data.
Any person using the Services does so at their own risk. The internet is a public network and data security violations may occur during its use. You understand that in the event of such occurrences, Crystalyze is not responsible for any damages you may experience as a result.
If you make purchases in the App, third party payment processor Revenuecat collects your Purchase Data for storage and management.
Crystalyze may also uses third-party providers to assist Crystalyze to:
(a)    Facilitate access and use of the Services;
(b)    Provide the Services on our behalf;
(c)    Perform Services-related services; or
(d)    Assist us in analyzing how the Services is used.
The Services may also use third-party provider code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their Services. You can accept or refuse these cookies and can know when a Cookie is sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Crystalyze may disclose your Personal Information in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(a)    Comply with a legal obligation;
(b)    Protect and defend the rights or property of Crystalyze;
(c)    Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services;
(d)    Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public; and
(e)    Protect against legal liability.
PUBLIC INFORMATION INCLUDING USER GENERATED CONTENT
Certain features of the App, including the ability to upload an image, make notes, and others, allow users to upload User Generated Content. Users must be diligent in refraining from sharing any Personal Information in the course of uploading any User Generated Content to the App.
DO NOT USE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION IN USER GENERATED CONTENT WHILE USING THE APP.
Crystalyze is not responsible for any Personal Information within User Generated Content you upload to the App.
PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
Crystalyze has implemented reasonable physical, organizational and technical measures to protect the Personal and Non-Personal Information we collect or are provided with from unauthorized access and against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We cannot guarantee the security of Personal or Non-Personal Information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Any electronic transmission of your Personal Information to us is at your own risk.
CRYSTALYZE STRIVES TO EXCEED COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, HOWEVER, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY GUARANTEE OF SECURITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
ACCOUNT SECURITY
If you access our App and create an Account, you are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your Account password, and for restricting access to your computer or mobile device and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account, even if you notify us. Please notify us immediately if you detect suspected misuse of your Account by contacting us our Support Team at: info@crystalyzeguide.com
RETENTION AND DISPOSAL OF YOUR INFORMATION
We retain your Personal Information for only as long as allowed under legal or regulatory requirements. Crystalyze may retain some information longer than other information.
When you delete your Crystalyze User Account, all of your Account Data and App Data is permanently deleted. In addition, Account Data and App Data is removed from Google Firebase and MongoDB Cloud. Your Purchase Data remains on Revenuecat but is no longer linked to your Account.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to our collection, use, or disclosure of your Personal Information please contact us at l. If you withdraw your consent, you will be unable to access or use the Services.
ACCESS AND ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
Under Canadian privacy law, you have the right to access the Personal Information we collect.
Crystalyze will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide you access to your Personal Information (to the extent we are in possession of any). To submit a request for access to your Personal Information, please contact our Privacy Team at privacy@crystalyzeguide.com. Crystalyze may charge you a reasonable fee requesting access. Subject to applicable law, Crystalyze reserves the right to deny access to your Personal Information on any of the following grounds:
(a)    Denial of access is required by law;
(b)    Granting you access is reasonably likely to negatively impact other people’s privacy;
(c)    Granting access is, in our judgement and acting reasonably, cost prohibitive; or
(d)    We have reason to believe that such request is frivolous or made in bad faith.
You are responsible for ensuring that all information created through your access to and use of the Services is accurate, reliable and complete. We ask that you keep any Personal Information that you provide to us current and accurate. You represent and warrant that all Personal Information you provide us is true and accurate and relates to you and not to any other person. If you believe that the Personal Information about you maintained by Crystalyze is inaccurate or incomplete, you may notify us by describing in detail any inaccuracies or omissions via email at l, and we shall correct such inaccuracies or omissions.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Services may contain links to other websites besides our own, which are offered for convenience only and are not an endorsement by Crystalyze. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that website. These external websites are not operated by Crystalyze. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these external websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for Content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services.
GOVERNING LAW
Those who choose to use or access the Services from outside Canada do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and recognizing the global nature of the internet, each user shall comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and creation of acceptable materials. This Privacy Policy and your relationship with Crystalyze shall be governed by, and will be enforced, construed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. All disputes between you and Crystalyze will be resolved by, and you hereby submit irrevocably to, the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of British Columbia in Kelowna.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy at any time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately once posted to this page.
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS
For further information on how we the safeguard information that we collect or are provided with, contact our Privacy Team. We welcome questions or comments about this Privacy Policy. Please direct any questions or comments to our Privacy Team at:
Crystalyze Media Inc.
Attention: Privacy Officer
Email: privacy@crystalyzeguide.com