Privacy Policy
We appreciate that you value your privacy and data protection as much as we do and are pleased to present the
        9oc.net Privacy Policy. We have designed our privacy policy and the manner in which we handle user data
        entrusted to us by our valued users that use our app or visit our website
9oc.net
(“
Website
”), and/or make use of our other online services, to be as honest and transparent as
        possible.
These are our three cornerstone promises to you:
Our main reason for storing user data is only
to ensure the proper functionality and better user
          experience of our service
and related online services.
We will never sell your personal data to third parties
. Although certain data needs to
          be shared with key partners, such as server hosting providers, and we also share it for our other legitimate
          business purposes, such as analytics services.
We are always implementing the very latest technologies to ensure that
all data is stored in a
          safe manner
according to the latest security standards.
We kindly encourage you to read our privacy policy below to learn what data we collect and why. Your continued
        faith in us is of utmost importance. Should you have any questions related to our privacy policy, please do not
        hesitate to contact us in one of the ways described in the “Contacts” section below.
General information
This Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) regulates how we use, process and handle your
          personal data, and how you can exercise your rights regarding your personal data. This Privacy Policy also
          regulates how we use cookies and how we process and handle your personal data in connection with the cookies.
In this Privacy Policy, the following definitions are used:
“Company”, “we” means HangZhou Global Software Tech.LTD., a company having its registered
              office at Room 809, 8th Floor, Building 2, No. 1899, Gudun Road, Liangzhu Street, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China.
“User”, “you” means the person, company or institution that uses the Services.
“Services” means any of the services, applications and website operated by the Company and made
              available to you.
Personal data that we process and how we process
        it
In order to provide and maximize your experience with the Services, we may need to collect and use
          certain information, some of which could be considered ‘personal data’ in your country. If we can use the
          information, alone or in combination, to reasonably identify you as an individual, we treat the information as
          personal data. Please note that you may choose not to provide us with certain information; but, by doing so,
          you may then not be able to receive the full range of Services from us due to the sheer necessity of the
          information.
Our processing of your personal data will typically be based on one of the following processing legal
          bases:
because we need to process your data in order
to provide you with the Services
or a
              particular feature of the Services, i.e. to perform our contract with you;
because such processing is necessary for the purposes of the
legitimate interests
pursued either by us or by a third party and such legitimate interests are not overridden by your privacy
              or related rights as an individual. Our legitimate interests include the provision of market-leading
              weather-related Services, and protection of our legal interests;
because we are legally obliged to do so, for example, to disclose your personal data to
public
              authorities
; or
because you have provided us with your specific, informed, freely-given, and unambiguous consent; we
              may periodically
ask for your further consent
to use your personal data for certain
              specific reasons.
The text below summarizes the ways in which we collect your personal data, what categories of personal
          data we collect and use, the purposes for which we process your personal data, and the legal bases for such
          processing purposes.
The extent to which we process your personal data depends on whether you use our services as a registered
          or unregistered user.
Registered user
Should you register yourself on our Tide Pro APP, and
            depending on the extent in which you will use our Services, we will process the following information, which
            may qualify as your personal data:
User account registration.
When you choose to register a user account, you will be
              required to provide your email address or use third-party login. At this moment we also get your IP address login.
This data is provided by you if you wish to create a user account and benefit from the respective
                functionalities of our Tide Pro APP and other Services. We also use it to communicate with you in this
                regard. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
We may further use this data to analyze, improve, enhance, and fine-tune our products and the Services.
                The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in operating, enhancing and
                further developing the Services.
We may also use your email address for direct marketing. If we send you electronic marketing messages
                based on our legitimate interest or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may, at any time,
                declare your objection. Any electronic marketing messages you receive from us will include an opt-out
                mechanism within the message itself, e.g. an ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email you receive from us.
Your Favorites, Search History and Settings on our servers.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of
                our Services. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
We may further use this data to analyze, improve, enhance, and fine-tune our products and the Services.
                The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in operating, enhancing and
                further developing the Services.
Information provided by you.
You may also choose to provide us with information,
              some of which may be considered personal data, when you interact with the Services in the following ways:
Send us an
email message
to receive additional information — for example, you
                  might email us with a question and we will use your email address to respond to your inquiry;
Submit a comment
, leave feedback, or send us a photo or video — for example, you
                  might submit a cool photo of a weather event you experienced that we may post on the Services so
                  others can enjoy it;
Customize the Services — for example, you might set a
“home” location
so that
                  every time you visit the Services, you automatically receive a display of the weather for that home
                  location.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of
                our Services. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
Special Note about Content Submissions.
The Services may offer areas where you and
              other users can post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions,
              ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings, or other materials on or to the Services (collectively,
              “
Submissions
”). Any geolocation information, tags, or other metadata in such Submissions
              may become publicly available. Any information, including personal data, in your Submissions can be read,
              collected and used by others. We cannot control and are not responsible for how others may use the
              information contained in your Submissions.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of
                our Services. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
Alerts and Notifications.
Certain Services offer you the ability to receive
              weather-related updates via email or as a mobile notification. To provide these Services, we need to
              collect your email address, the geographic area to which the alert updates shall pertain and information
              about devices that you use. If you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you may opt out by
              turning them off within the alert settings of your user account, through the settings on your mobile
              device or the particular Services for which you registered, or by using the unsubscribe link provided
              directly in your email alert.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of
                our Services. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
Geographic area-related services.
Certain of the Services offer you quick access to
              weather-related information on your mobile device, and other geographic area-related weather
              information can be accessed on your mobile device. To provide these Services, we
              need to collect and use information on your current location. If you no longer wish to share your location
              with our Services, you may change the settings within your mobile device or not to allow us to use your
              current location when the Services would require this information.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of
                our Services. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
Whenever Tide Pro crashes, a
crash message
is sent to our server for investigation (and
              deleted after six month).
The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in improving our Services.
Third party technologies that we use in our infrastructure can produce technical logs with your IP
              address, we do not perform any analysis or data mining with this data (and delete it regularly, usually
              after six month). If any personal data is processed (your IP address), such data is used only to operate
              and improve such technologies. The processing legal basis for this purpose is such third party’s
              legitimate interest in operating and improving their technologies.
Unregistered user
If you use our Services as an unregistered user, only statistical and measurement data (see 2.5.7.) are
            processed. All of your Favorites, Search History and Settings are stored solely inside your device, and
            never transferred to our servers. Further, we collect the following data:
Whenever Tide Pro APP crashes, a
crash message
is sent to our server for investigation (and
              deleted after six month).
The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in improving our Services.
Third party technologies that we use in our infrastructure can produce technical logs with your IP
              address, we do not perform any analysis or data mining with this data (and delete it regularly, usually
              after six month). If any personal data is processed (your IP address), such data is used only to operate
              and improve such technologies. The processing legal basis for this purpose is such third party’s
              legitimate interest in operating and improving their technologies.
Geographic area-related services.
Certain of the Services offer you quick access to
              weather-related information on your mobile device, and other geographic area-related weather
              information can be accessed on your mobile device. To provide these Services, we
              need to collect and use information on your current location. If you no longer wish to share your location
              with our Services, you may change the settings within your mobile device or not to allow us to use your
              current location when the Services would require this information.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of
                our Services. The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
Recipients of your personal data
The personal data we collect is mainly disclosed to selected
employees
of our Company.
          The access of these employees to your personal data is limited and these employees may access your personal
          data only to the extent that they need to carry out the obligations arising from their work.
Personal data collected with regard to purchases you make in our Services (
subscription
)
          is controlled by third parties based on agreements we have concluded with such parties. These service
          providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information. In case that the third party shares certain data with us that might be considered personal, we are the
          controller of your personal data and process it on the legal basis of our legitimate interest to know the
          identity of the purchaser, e.g. in case of any complaints raised by the purchaser about their subscription.
Some of your personal data may be disclosed to
tax authorities
, criminal law authorities
          and, to a certain extent, also to other public authorities. We will share your personal data when we, in good
          faith, believe it is necessary for us to do so in order to comply with legal obligations under applicable law,
          or respond to valid legal processes.
We may also share your personal data where we, in good faith, believe that it is necessary for the
          purposes of our own or a third party’s legitimate interest relating to law enforcement, litigation and/or
          criminal investigation, provided that we deem that such interest is not overridden by your interests or
          fundamental rights and freedoms requiring the protection of your personal data.
Your email address that we use for
emailing you
may be shared with providers of such
          emailing services provided that your email address cannot be used for any other purpose than the purpose of
          informing you about the latest news, projects or updates in our Services. The legal basis for such sharing is
          our legitimate interest in outsourcing certain technological services.
Your personal data may be uploaded onto
third-party servers
belonging to providers
of analytical functionalities
that we use for the processing of your data provided that your
          personal data cannot be used for any other purpose than the purpose of improving our services. The legal basis
          for such sharing is our legitimate interest in improving our services.
In order to enable users throughout the world to access our Services, it is necessary for us to use
third-party servers
to provide the proper functioning of our Services. However, even with the
          use of such server providers. The legal basis for
          such sharing is the performance of a contract and our legitimate interest in providing our services
          effectively.
To ensure that you receive the greatest privacy guarantees and data protection assurances we can provide,
we carefully review all third parties with which we cooperate
. Our third-party service
          providers do not have any right to use the information we share with them beyond what is necessary for them to
          assist us.
How long do we store your personal data
We only store your personal data
for as long a time as is necessary to provide you with the
          Services and for legitimate and essential business purposes
, such as maintaining the performance of
          the Services, making data-driven business decisions about new features in our Services, complying with our
          legal obligations, and protecting our legal interests.
Once you delete your account, or if you so request, we will delete or anonymize your personal
          data so that it no longer identifies you
, unless we are legally allowed or required to maintain
          certain personal data, including in situations such as the following:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. for our legal, tax, audit, and accounting
              obligations).
If we believe that the data may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings or
              dispute, or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to
              others for the purposes of fraud prevention), which is our legitimate interest.
Where necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as maintaining the security of our
              system.
How we secure your personal data
Privacy and security are key considerations in the creation and delivery of our Services. We take
          appropriate steps to address online security, physical security, risk of data loss and other such risks taking
          into consideration the risk represented by the processing and the nature of the data being protected. Also, we
          limit access to our databases containing personal data to only authorized persons having a justified need to
          access such information.
How we use cookies
Like many online services providers, we also use cookies to collect additional website usage data to
          operate and improve our Services. Cookies are text files that may be sent to and saved in your web browser
          when you access a website. Your web browser stores these cookies such that they are associated with each
          website you visit, and you can generally see your cookies through your browser settings, depending on what
          browser you are using.
Via cookies, we may also collect certain of your personal data and then process it for the purposes set
          out below, where we also provide you with information to help you to decide whether you would like to leave
          cookies turned on or if you would prefer to disable them.
Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain information that directly identifies you, and we do not
          combine the general information collected through cookies with other such information to tell us who you are.
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. By personalizing the options, you can instruct your
          browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies from the websites you visit.
Your rights
We hereby inform you that you have, as available and except as limited under applicable law, the
          following rights in relation to your personal data:
Right to access and rectification of personal data.
You have the right to access and
              request that we rectify or amend incorrect or incomplete personal data about you that we have collected.
              You can do so at Tide Pro APP via the Edit Profile.
Right to erasure of personal data.
You have the right to request that we erase all
              of your personal data that we have collected during your use of our Services. If you would like to do so,
              You can via Tide Pro APP Setting Menu. Please be aware that certain data
              erasure services may be unavailable to you.
Right to restriction of processing of personal data.
You have the right to request
              that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases until your request that we erase or
              change your personal data or other objection is processed.
Right to portability of your personal data.
You have the right to request that we
              give you the personal data that you have provided to us if such data has been processed based on your
              consent or based on a contract concluded with us and such personal data has been processed by automated
              means. If you make such a request, we will provide you with all of your personal data that we collected in
              a structured machine-readable form. You are also entitled to request that we transfer such personal data
              to a new controller if it is technically possible.
Right to withdraw your consent to process your personal data.
Should we have
              processed your personal data based on your consent, you can withdraw such consent at any time by sending
              us a request to do so to
service@9oc.net
or by
              other means enabled within our Services. Please note that such withdrawal will not affect the legality of
              the processing of your personal data made prior to such withdrawal.
Right to object to the processing of your personal data.
If you feel that the
              processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest is not proportional to your rights, you
              can object to such processing and request that we provide you with compelling legitimate grounds for such
              processing.
Right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes.
If we send you electronic marketing messages based on your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable
              law, you may, at any time, withdraw such consent or declare your objection. Any electronic marketing
              messages you receive from us will include an opt-out mechanism within the message itself, e.g. an
              ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email you receive from us.
In order to exercise your rights and in addition to the means described above, you are welcome to contact
          us in one of the ways described in the “Contacts” section below. We will respond to your request within a
          reasonable period of time, however not later than within one month from our receipt of your request.
Contacts
If you have a question about data protection, or you want to send us any suggestions in this area, please
          use the email address
service@9oc.net
to contact us.
You can also send us a letter to the address of our registered office mentioned in the “General
          information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Final provisions
We may periodically change this Privacy Policy or change, modify or withdraw access to this site at any time
          with or without prior notice. We are committed to keeping you informed about how your personal data is being
          handled. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as appropriate under the
          circumstances, e.g.
by sending you an email or by displaying a notice on the
Website
or in the mobile application.
This text shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of china. It shall be executed in both the Chinese and the English language. In the event of any inconsistency between the Chinese and the English version the Chinese version shall prevail.