How it works
About us
ADHD Blog
Log in
Take the quiz
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Get Inflow Ltd. (collectively, “Inflow,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and protects personal information. This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions.
‍
You can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below:
Information We Collect
How We Use Information
How We Share Information
Your Choices
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies
How We Protect and Retain Information
Third-Party Applications/Websites
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Children
Contact Information
Additional Information For California Residents
Information We Collect
We collect information about you in a variety of ways depending on how you interact with us and our websites, mobile applications, and services, including:
Directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you register for an account, sign up to receive communications from us, sign up for a membership, or contact us by phone, email, or otherwise.
Automatically through the use of cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies when you interact with our websites, mobile applications, advertisements, and emails.
From other sources, including, for example, our affiliates, business partners, service providers, online social media networks, and other third parties, or from publicly available sources.
The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect in a variety of contexts and how we use that information.
‍
Account Registration
We collect your name and contact information when you create an account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.
We have a business interest in providing account related functionalities to our users. Accounts can be used for easy payments and to save your preferences and transaction history.
Cookies and First-Party Tracking
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a website is viewed. See the
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies
Section below for more information on our use of first-party cookies.
We have a business interest in making our website operate efficiently.
Cookies and Third-Party Tracking
We may place tracking technology on our website that collects analytics, records how you interact with our website, or allows us to participate in behavior-based advertising. This means that a third party uses technology (
e.g.
, a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can report analytics to us or provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. That third party might also collect information over time and across different websites in order to serve advertisements on our website or other websites. See the
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies
Section below for more information on our use of third-party tracking cookies
We use third party tracking cookies to monitor and improve the use of our website and mobile application, provide a personalized user experience, and to serve relevant advertisements. If you would like to opt-out of targeted advertising, see the information in the
Your Choices
section below.
Demographic Information
We collect personal information, such as your age or location.
We have a business interest in understanding our users and providing tailored services.
Feedback and Support
If you provide us feedback or contact us for support, we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
We have a business interest in receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues.
Mailing List
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists, we collect your email address.
We have a business interest in sharing information about our products or services.
Membership Placement
We collect your name, email address, phone number, and credit card number when you become a member.
We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with our services. We use your payment information to process your membership and automatically renew your membership based on your selections.
Mobile Devices
We collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our website.
We have a business interest in identifying unique visitors, and in understanding how users interact with us on their mobile devices.
Partner Promotion and Referral Codes
We collect information that you provide when you sign up for our services using a referral code or as part of a co-branded promotion with another company or entity.
We have a business interest in tracking the use of referral codes and fulfilling our promotions.
Surveys
When you participate in a survey, we collect information that you provide through the survey. If the survey is provided by a third-party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
We have a business interest in understanding your opinions and collecting information relevant to our organization.
Website Interactions
We use technology to monitor how you interact with our website. This may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser.
We have a business interest in understanding how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful.
Web logs
We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.
We have a business interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites. Among other things, it helps us understand which of our services is the most popular.
AI Guide Feature
Chat transcripts, first name, location, age range, and gender
We have a business interest in providing personalized experiences and improving response quality within our AI chat features. Each chat is processed individually and is not used to train AI models. This data is not used for advertising or shared externally.
How We Use Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our websites or mobile application.
To provide our services.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To conduct analytics.
To communicate with you, such as to respond to and/or follow-up on your requests, inquiries, issues, or feedback.
To send reminders and notifications, such as to contact you as a reminder to interact with, or complete tasks relating to your use of our services.
To send marketing and promotional materials including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions, or those of our business partners.
To detect and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including violation of our policies and terms and conditions, security incidents, and harm to the rights, property, or safety of our company and our users, employees, or others.
To debug, identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of our website, mobile application, and services.
To comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to establish or exercise our rights, and to defend against a legal claim.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
For such other purposes as you may consent (from time to time).
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. For example, if you sign up for a membership, we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a business interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your membership.
‍
How We Share Information
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose personal information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions.
We may share information with our corporate affiliates (
e.g
., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control). If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent.
We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third-party intermediary.
Public.
Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum. If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publicly available.
Partner Promotions and Referral Codes.
We may offer promotions or referral codes with third party partners. If you decide to sign up for our services using a referral code or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
Service Providers.
We may share your information with service providers. Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
‍
Other Disclosures with Your Consent.
We may disclose your information to other third parties when we have your consent or direction to do so.
Your Choices
Some jurisdictions give you a right to make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Access To Your Personal Information.
You may request access to your personal information or confirmation that we have information about you. In certain limited circumstances, you may also request to receive access to your data in a portable, machine-readable format.
Changes To Your Personal Information.
We rely on you to update and correct your personal information. Our websites and mobile applications allow you to modify portions of your account profile. You may also ask us to correct or modify information that is inaccurate or incomplete or out of date. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Deletion Of Your Personal Information.
You may request that we delete your personal information. If required by law, we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another business purposes.
Opt-out of Targeted Advertising.
You may opt-out of online tracking based targeted advertising (e.g., cookies) by clicking the privacy settings link in the Profile section of your app. Please note that if you change browsers or computers, or if you clear your browser’s cache, you may need to click the link again to apply your preference.
Online Tracking.
We do not currently recognize the “Do Not Track” signal.
Promotional Emails.
You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties. You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications.
Promotional Text Messages.
If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.”
‍
Please note, not all of the rights described above are absolute, and they do not apply in all circumstances. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request because the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. We will not discriminate against individuals who exercise their privacy rights under applicable law.
‍
Submitting Requests
‍
You may exercise the rights described above by contacting us as indicated in the “Contact Information” section below. If you disagree with how we handled a request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us with the subject line “Appeal.”
Note that, as required by law, we may require you to prove your identity. We may verify your identity by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the last purchase you made with us, or the date of your last purchase. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity. Following a request, we will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you in our files.
In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual, you must attach a copy of a completed Authorized Agent Designation Form indicating that you are able to act on another person’s behalf.
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies, including pixel tags or web beacons (collectively, “cookies”), to collect certain information on our websites or through our mobile application. We use this information for a variety of purposes, such as to make our websites and mobile applications work properly, to make a user’s experience more efficient, to understand how visitors interact with our websites and mobile applications, and to for advertising purposes. The following explains the cookies we use and why:
‍
Necessary and Functional.
Some technology is needed to make our website and services function. Without these cookies, the services will not perform as smoothly for you, and we may not be able to provide certain services or features you request. Examples of where these cookies are used include to determine when you are signed in, to determine when your account has been inactive, and for other troubleshooting and security purposes.
Analytics.
We may use third-party services (e.g., Google Analytics) to collect information about your use of our website or mobile applications. We use this information to, among other things, evaluate and analyze how visitors use these platforms, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity. For more information about how Google collects and processes data, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.  For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, please visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
‍
Targeting and Advertising.
Advertising tracking technology, such as behavioral advertising cookies, may be set by us, or by third parties. The technology is used among other things to deliver advertisements that may be relevant to you, to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, or to understand your behavior after you view an advertisement.
How We Protect and Retain Information
No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Some of our websites permit you to create an account. When you do you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
We retain your personal information for only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we obtained the information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, as well as applicable legal requirements.
Third-Party Applications/Websites
For your convenience, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content or services that we do not own or operate. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. Please note, we have no control over the privacy practices websites, or services that we do not own. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party website or application for details about such third party’s privacy practices.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy. Our privacy policy includes an “effective” and “last updated” date. The effective date refers to the date that the current version took effect. The last updated date refers to the date that the current version was last substantively modified.
Children
Our websites and online services are not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 16, without parental consent. Children under the age of 13 should not provide their personal information to us.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices, or if you need to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format due to having a disability, please contact us at the appropriate address below. We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.
‍
privacy@getinflow.io
‍
Inflow Holdings INC, 3 Germay Dr, Unit 4 #1508 Wilmington, DE 19804
+1 855 977 0238
Additional Information For California Residents
California law requires us to disclose the following additional information related to our privacy practices. If you are a California resident, the following privacy disclosures apply to you in addition to the rest of the Privacy Policy.
California Shine the Light.
If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the information in the
Contact Information
section above.
‍
Notice of Collection.
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect, disclose for a business purpose and “share” (as those terms are defined by California law). Please note, in addition to the recipients identified below, we may disclose any of the categories of personal information we collect with government entities, as may be needed to comply with law or prevent illegal activity. We do not “sell” your personal information for money. As discussed elsewhere in the Privacy Policy, we use cookies and similar tracking technologies for purposes of targeted advertising. For more information, please see the
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Section
above. For details regarding how we use personal information, please see the
Information We Collect
section of the Privacy Policy. For information regarding how long we retain personal information, please refer to the
How We Protect and Retain Information
section of the Privacy Policy.
‍
Identifiers
– this may include real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
‍
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Business partners
Data analytics providers
Data brokers
Internet service providers
Joint marketing partners
Operating systems and platforms
Other Service Providers
Payment processors and financial institutions
Professional services organizations, this may include auditors and law firms
Social networks
Advertising networks
Financial Information
– this may include bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information.
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Payment processors and financial institutions
Other Service Provider
Not shared
Health Related Information
– this may include medical information, mental or physical condition or treatment, or health insurance information.
Not disclosed.
Not shared
Characteristics of protected classifications
– this may include age, sex, physical, or mental handicap, etc.
Not disclosed.
Not shared
Commercial information
– this may include information about products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Business partners
Data analytics providers
Joint marketing partners
Payment processors and financial institutions
Other Service Providers
Advertising networks
Internet or other electronic network activity information
– this may include browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Business partners
Data analytics providers
Joint marketing partners
Operating systems and platforms
Other Service Providers
Advertising networks
Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Business partners
Data analytics providers
Joint marketing partners
Other Service Providers
Advertising networks
Additional categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) – this may include signature, physical characteristics, or description, insurance policy number
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Other Service Providers
Not shared.
‍
California Sensitive Information Disclosure.
We collect the following categories of sensitive personal information (as defined under California law): Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health. This information is collected in order to provide you with our services. Note that we do not use such information for any purposes that are not identified within the California Privacy Rights Act Section 1798.121. We do not “sell” or “share” sensitive personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising.
‍
Effective Date: August, 27th 2023
Last Update: August, 27th 2023
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語