Privacy Policy
Apps for Apple Platforms
Overview
We strive to protect your privacy and to minimize the amount of personally identifiable information that we collect.
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information by Math Easel, LLC ("the company", "us", "we", "our") through our software applications distributed for use on Apple, Inc.'s computing devices (including but not limited to iPhone, iPad, and Mac). We refer to these apps individually (e.g. "Weather Strip" and "TeraFractal") and collectively ("our apps").
By accessing or using our apps, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Support Interactions
When handling support requests from you, we collect the information you provide us (such as your email address, location, crash logs, and other diagnostic info). We retain this information indefinitely in order to better support you and to improve our products.
Application Usage and Crash Logs
Our apps may collect information about the way you use them. For example, this could include the number of times you've accessed certain functions of the app. This information is anonymized and not linked to your identity.
Depending on your operating system settings, Apple may also collect certain data and make it available to us. For example, this could include application usage statistics and crash logs.
Location Information
Weather Strip uses geographic locations to request location-specific data (such as weather forecasts and place names) from
third-party services
. We take several steps to help protect your privacy:
You can select locations manually or choose to use the location of your device.
When communicating with third-party services other than Apple Inc., Weather Strip approximates all locations by rounding to 3 decimal places in latitude and longitude.
Weather Strip only transmits your chosen location information to services that need it to provide location-specific data.
We may collect anonymous, regional location information (at the granularity of metropolitan areas or larger) for business purposes and to improve our products.
Third-Party Services
Weather Strip uses third-party services including those listed below. We choose providers carefully, but it is possible for these services to collect, process, and store information about you, including but not limited to your IP address and Location Information. Please refer to the privacy policies of these third-party data processors for information regarding their data practices.
Apple, Inc.
—
Weather forecasts
and
place names
Foreca Ltd
—
Weather and air quality forecasts
World Air Quality Index Project
—
Air quality forecasts
United States National Weather Service (NOAA)
—
Weather forecasts
How Information Is Used
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our apps, websites, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish the functionality of our apps and websites.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
International Transfers Of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Opting Out
You can access or delete your personal information by emailing your request to
robin@matheasel.com
.
Citizens of the EU may exercise their rights under the General Data Protection Regulation, such as the rights of access and erasure, by contacting us with their request. We recommend emailing the request to
robin@matheasel.com
.
Residents of California may exercise their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, such as the rights of access and erasure, by contacting us with their request. We recommend emailing the request to
robin@matheasel.com
.
Questions and Comments
Please
contact us
if you have any questions or feedback about our data collection or privacy policies.
Updates
Our privacy policies might change or be edited for clarity over time. Up-to-date information will always be available from this page.
Last Updated: November 3, 2024
Math Easel
> Legal