Privacy Policy for The MyLittleFoodCritic App
This privacy policy explains the rationale behind collecting your personal information along with when it is collected, how it is used and kept secure. The condition under which it may be shared with other third parties is also described. Contact details are provided in the event that you have a question regarding the privacy policy.
MyLittleFoodCritic’s registered office is Booth Street Chambers, Ashton Under Lyne, OL6 7LQ.
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION & DATA
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify you, such as your name, title, phone number, email address, or postal address. Some of this data you will provide to us like your name; other information may be anonymously gathered.
In general terms, your data is used for various purposes including:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To provide technical support to you
To collect usage statistics and undertake analysis to help improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
From time to time third party companies may be used to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service, and assist in the analysis of how the Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
USAGE DATA
Information may be collected at the time you access the App via a mobile device (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your device’s manufacturer, model, device unique ID, operating system, Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), the time and date of your App access and other diagnostic data.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
The App contains links to information held on other websites, for example, a Lifestyle article may link to the Lifestyle Company’s website or social media. We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting those sites or social media accounts. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement.
PAID SUBSCRIBER ACCOUNT IOS
The App can be downloaded from the Apple and Android App stores. Please note that your actual billing is handled securely through Apple and Google Play – MyLittleFoodCritic does not hold any of your billing information. So, if you have any billing enquires you need to contact Apple and Google Play respectively.
MyLittleFoodCritic has a creative and innovative ethos and constantly strives to enhance and improve its Apps. You may have previously downloaded Apps (or previous versions of this App) that are no longer live in the app store to download. These ‘old’ apps will not be updated and in the long-term compatibility issues on certain devices may arise and the information therein may become out of date. Information from these ‘old’ apps will not be collected but may be monitored.
SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER PLATFORMS
Social media and other social platforms such as Instagram or Facebook are used to engage with our customers. It is important for you to know that when this happens you will have a direct relationship with these platforms and agree to their terms of use. We only have information that you have agreed for us to access through these platforms. These platforms are responsible for how they manage your data and if you have any privacy related questions please contact them.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold about you. Please email
support@mylittlefoodcritic.co.uk
. Any personally identifiable information may be removed under ‘right to be forgotten’ regulations as long as this does not affect the services you subscribe to.
PERSONAL DATA STORAGE
Some Data will be stored on Servers that are located predominantly in the EEA and the USA as determined by our IT hosting supplier providing IT hosting and administration services. All reasonable steps will be undertaken to ensure that the data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. All Data you provide to us is stored on secure servers. The transmission of any information to any site via the internet is not completely secure, although good practice will be exercised to protect your personal data; we cannot guarantee the security of your Data transmitted to MyLittleFoodCritic; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer
HOW LONG WE KEEP PERSONAL DATA
Personal data is retained only as long as necessary to meet the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. We will delete your personal within 30 days of your account being deleted. In calculating how long personal data is kept for the following are carefully considered: the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your Data) and obtain your consent if we intend to use your Data for such purposes (unless in respect of our own marketing if you are an existing customer and have not opted-out of such communications) or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by selecting the relevant option at the point that the data is collected. MyLittleFoodCritic may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites/social media of our partner(s), advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. You also have the right to access and receive a copy of information held about you, to request the erasure or correction of your information, to object to the processing of your information or to restrict such processing, and to request the transfer of your data. Where we rely on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This policy may be revised at any time and the changes will be published on this page. You may be requested to read and accept the revised policy at the time that the MyLittleFoodCritic App is started.
If we change our Privacy Policy, we. If you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact support@mylittlefoodcritic.co.uk.