Obimy Privacy Notice
Last updated: 12/06/20
This notice describes how we collect and processes users’ data through obimy app (“obimy”). The terms “we”, “us”,
        “our” refer to OBIMY INC., a legal person registered under the laws of the United States.
We are committed to safeguarding privacy of our users. We are not going to misuse your data.
Controller Details:
Registered address: 970 Park Pl, Brooklyn, NY 11213, US
Contact email address:
supportobimy@gmail.com
Table of Contents:
Information we collect from you;
Legal basis for processing;
Third-party Access to Information;
Your rights;
Security of information;
Changes to this Notice.
Information We Collect from You
Account and Profile Set Up
When first accessing the application, you will have to register an account and fill in information about you. You
        will be able to register via Apple/Google ID or manually by providing your email address and creating a password. We
        collect the following data points during the registration:
for those registered through Google/Apple: a unique ID assigned by the chosen provider. The provider may also
            collect your device usage patterns to verify your identity while you are accessing the application. We do not have
            access to this data;
for those registered manually: email address, password and contacts;
your name, date of birth, and gender;
We use the account and profile information to:
create and maintain your user account;
contact you regarding the work of obimy or your account;
upon receiving the consent from you, to send you marketing or promotional materials;
interpret your daily condition in conjunction with other data provided by you.
We will store these categories for as long as you have the account with us and 90 days after you delete your
        account.
Your Condition
To record and further track your health condition, you may provide us with your condition indicators. The following
        categories can be tracked via our app:
Daily condition: date of the log, sexual activity, mood, body condition, diary (other notes).
Data Apple Health / Google Fit: steps and heart rate;
Manually provided information, e.g., by specifying your body temperature, heartbeat rate or ECG.
This data is used to:
share your condition with your partner;
interpret your condition, give you valuable inferences, and provide the interpretations to your partner;
allow you to track and review your condition over time.
We store the condition information in the same way as we do for the user account/profile information.
Geolocation
If you want so, you can enable geolocation tracking via our app. By opting for the tracking, our app will record
        your location while your mobile device is on. In combination with your partner’s geolocation, we will show you where
        and for how long you have been with your partner.
We do not process your geolocation for any other purposes, and we keep this information confidential and secure.
        Beside our system, only your partner can access your geolocation data.
We store the geolocation data in the same way as we do for the user account/profile information.
Interactions with Partner
When you want to interact with your partner via the app, we record and transmit:
the mood and health condition you shared with the partner;
request to share the mood;
emotions, such as kiss, hugs, pinch, and other communications between you and your partner.
We process your communications exclusively to allow you to exchange the messages and, where necessary, provide
        technical support to you. All communications remain between you and your partner, and we will not access it without
        your request or strict necessity.
We store your interactions data in the same way as we do for the user account/profile information.
Traffic and Crash Report Data
As we are continuously testing the application, certain traffic and crash data is collected automatically. The data
        categories we receive include the status of your invitation to the app (if you received one), the date and number of
        times you installed our app, the date when you delete the app, the number of times you used the app, the duration of
        the sessions, the number of the app crashes, your operating system version, the app version installed on your
        device, the model of your device, your device language, your carrier, time zone, type of CPU for your device,
        screenshots and comments you share when providing the feedback, your paired devices (e.g. fitness trackers or
        smartwatches), disk space available, battery level, screen resolution, and crash log.
Within the app, the following activities are tracked: the date and time when the users register their accounts and
        filled out their profiles, how many times users share their data with their partners, how the users interact with
        the data of their partners, and when the users log out.
We use this information
to enable and improve the app work
by managing user sessions, as well as
to analyze traffic statistics
in the app for improvement purposes. Learn more about it in the
        section “Analytics” of this notice.
We will store the collected information for 6 months after your last user session.
Communications with Us
Through the contact form, we collect customer feedback and provide technical support if you have any inquiries
        regarding the work of the app. We use this information
to provide you with the help you might need, fix and
            improve
            our services, and analyze our efficiency
in marketing and product efforts, including by creating
        statistics of
        inquiries.
We will store the collected information for our legitimate interests and further analysis for 6 months after the
        last communication with you.
Legal Basis for Processing
Performance of Contract
We process your account and profile data, interactions with the partner, requests for technical support, and log
        information
to provide you with the app services
. Without this information, we will be unable to
        provide you with the application functionality as the condition tracking, interpretation, and its sharing with
        partners strongly depends on the user indicators.
Your Consent
For the
e-mails with our newsletters, announcements, and other offers
(marketing emails), we will
        obtain the
consent from you,
which serves as a legal base for the processing of your information.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us directly. The withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness
        of processing based on consent before. You can also opt-out from the e-mail subscription by clicking the appropriate
        button in our e-mails to you.
Legitimate Interests
For improving our application and marketing activities, we process statistics of your activity, your requests for
        support. We can also send you occasional emails with our updates or new products/services, and other emails for the
        information purpose.
You can opt-out of email subscription by clicking the appropriate button in our emails to you.
Third-party Access to Information
Analytics, Cloud Storage and CRM
To analyze our efficiency and conduct marketing research, we use (or will use in the near future) the services of
        analytics providers and client relationships management software. As for the storage, your information is being
        stored using the services of a cloud provider, who ensures the secure storage of the data in accordance with the
        industry standards.
When using the analytics services, we collect details of the use of obimy, including, but not limited to traffic
        data, location data, length visit, and other communication data.
Non-personally identifiable information is collected and processed, among other services, by Google Analytics in an
        anonymized and aggregated way to improve our app’s usability and for marketing purposes. Google Analytics is a web
        analytics service that tracks and reports user traffic on apps and websites. Google Analytics uses the data
        collected to track and monitor the use of obimy. This data may also be shared with other Google services. For more
        information on the privacy practices of Google, you can check its Policies at
www.google.com/analytics/policies/
.
Other Disclosures
In addition to the disclosures for the purposes identified before, we may disclose information about you:
if we are required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or to establish, exercise or defend
            our legal rights; and
in case we sell, license or otherwise assign our company, corporate rights, obimy or its separate parts or
            features to third parties.
Your Rights
To control our data protection activities, you may exercise certain rights regarding your information. In
        particular, you have the right to:
Object to the processing of your information.
If we process your information in our legitimate
            interests, e.g., for direct marketing emails or for our marketing research purposes, you can object against it. We
            will consider your request and, if there are no compelling interests to refuse it, stop the processing for such
            purposes;
Access your information.
You have the right to know if we process your information; obtain
            disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing; and obtain a copy of the information undergoing
            processing.
Verify your information and seek its rectification.
If you find that we process inaccurate or
            out-of-date information, you can verify the accuracy of your information and/or ask for it to be updated or
            corrected;
Restrict the processing of your information.
When you contest the accuracy of your information,
            believe we process it unlawfully or want to object against the processing, you have the right to temporarily stop
            the processing of your information to check if the processing was consistent. In this case, we will not process
            the information for any purpose other than storing it until the circumstances of restriction cease to exist;
Ask us to delete/destroy/otherwise remove your information.
If we are not obliged to keep the
            data for legal compliance, we will remove your information upon your request; and
Ask us to transfer your information to another organization
if we process the information based
            on your consent or on the necessity to perform the contract.
You can complete the request to exercise your right by contacting us at
supportobimy@gmail.com
.
If you believe that our use of personal information violates your rights, you can lodge a complaint with the
        competent data protection authority.
Security of Information
We take necessary and sufficient measures to protect your information from unauthorized or accidental access,
        destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions of third parties.
        As we have employees across several countries outside of the European Union, we may transfer the collected data to
        those countries for further processing. In such cases, we will make sure that relevant safeguards are in place, such
        as Standard Contractual Clauses.
Immediate access to the data is only allowed to our authorized employees involved in maintaining the application.
        Such employees keep strict confidentiality and prevent unauthorized third-party access to personal information.
Changes to this Notice
We may update this privacy notice from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. We advise you to check
        this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. However, we will endeavor to provide you with an
        announcement about any significant changes.