Illumi Home Privacy Policy
Illumi Home (hereinafter called
"we"
) attaches great importance to user privacy and personal information protection. When you use our products or services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We explain to you how we collect, use and store this information and the ways we provided to access, update, delete and protect these information through “Illumi Home Privacy Policy” (hereinafter called
this privacy policy
) when you use our products or services.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
How we collect, use and protect your personal information
Description of sensitive permissions
How to contact us
This privacy policy is closely related to the Illumi Home services you use and various functions included in the service (hereinafter referred to as "our products and/or services"). We hope that you can read carefully and make sure that you fully understand the content of this Privacy Policy before you use our products or services and you can make appropriate choices according to the guidelines in this Privacy Policy. We will try to elaborate on the relevant terms in this Privacy Policy as concisely as possible so that you can understand better.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or related matters, you can send an email to
ContactNexillumi@gmail.com
to contact us.
How we collect, use and protect your personal information
Personal information refers to various information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that once leaked, provided illegally, or misused, may endanger personal and property safety, and easily lead to personal reputation, physical and mental health damage, or discriminatory treatment. The personal information involved in this privacy policy includes: e-mail, if you use order processing (fast return and exchange) and product problem feedback functions, it may also involve personal name, gender, address, etc.
We will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
1.The circumstances under which we collect and use your personal information
(1) User registration
When you register, at least you need to provide us with the email address and password you are going to use, and we will verify your identity by sending an email. Your account name is your default user name, and you can modify your user name, and this information belongs to your "account information".
(2) Order Processing and Product Feedback
When you place orders on our products (LED strip lights, etc.) through Amazon, AliExpress, and other shopping platforms, you can use our after-sale order processing module to submit your cases if there are any issues with the order. Meanwhile, you can use our product feedback feature to report your product defects when using our products (LED strip lights and etc.). When you use order processing and product problem feedback. To help us facilitate dealing with your order and product issues, you need to at least provide your e-mail address and order number. We will communicate with you by e-mail to help you out in 24 hours.
Our technologies and measures to protect your personal information
We attach great importance to the security of personal information and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information:
(1) We will adopt the security protection measures that comply with industrial standards, including the establishment of reasonable norms and regulations, and developing security technologies to prevent your personal information from being accessed, modification, and data damage or loss.
(2) Our web services adopt encryption technologies such as Transport Layer Security Protocol to provide browsing services via https and other means to ensure the security of user data during transmission.
(3) We adopt encryption technology to store personal information of users and isolate it through isolation technology.
(4) We adopt strict data access control and multiple identity authentication technologies to protect personal information and prevent data from being used out of regulations.
(5) We use automatic code security checks and data access log analysis techniques for personal information security audits.
Sensitive permissions instructions
We take privacy very seriously. When using services involving sensitive permissions, we will use them after obtaining your consent. You can stop related access requests at any time:
Location info based on Bluetooth services: Due to the characteristics of the Android system, when you use Bluetooth services, you need to grant us location access permissions to achieve normal Bluetooth search, connection, and subsequent Bluetooth control.
The use of the camera (camera): When changing your profile picture, creating posts in community, using after-sale order processing, problem feedback, and other functions, you can select videos or pictures in the album, and we will access your camera to complete these services.
Access to the file system: When changing your profile picture, creating posts in community, using after-sale order processing, problem feedback, and other functions, you can select videos or pictures in the album, we will get access to your file storage system to achieve these services.
Microphone-based extension: when you use music mode, we will access your microphone that detects ambient sound to achieve the music sync feature of LED lights.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions about this privacy policy or matters relating to your personal information, please send an email to ContactNexillumi@gmail.com to contact us.
If you have purchased our products on Amazon, AliExpress, and other shopping platforms, you can also contact our customer service on their sites or apps.