Products
Photo Studio
AI powered mobile photography app used by millions of eCommerce sellers around the globe.
Learn more
Design Studio
All in one Platform to create premium quality imagery to promote content on multiple channels and boost sales.
Learn more
Listing Generator
Instantly kick start your online selling journey with an optimized marketplace listing using just a single product photo
Get a Free Product Listing
Tools
For Product Photos
Remove Background
Remove backgrounds from any image in just one click
White Background
Automatically change background of your photo to white
Change Background Color
Remove the background and change the color of your product photos
Image Resizer
Easily resize image without losing quality and aspect ratio
For Creative Content
Batch Editor
Edit your eCommerce product photos in bulk and save time and money
AI Background
Enhance your eCommerce product photos with high quality, contextual backgrounds
Design Studio
All in one Platform to create premium quality imagery to promote content on multiple channels and boost sales.
Learn more
Sell On
Amazon
Our team of experts handle all your product photography for Amazon, start to finish!
Shopify
Elevate your storefront with professional-grade Shopify product photography
Walmart
Accelerate your Walmart sales by generating conversion worthy content for your product listings
Mercado Livre
Increase the visibility of your products and get photos of your products for Mercado Libre
Kaufland
create high-quality images with white backgrounds, infographics and lifestyle shots
Photo Studio
AI powered mobile photography app used by millions of eCommerce sellers around the globe.
Learn more
Verticals
Apparel
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality apparel photo shoot in just a few simple steps
Fashion
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality fashion accessories photo shoot in just a few simple steps
Products
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality eCommerce photo shoot  in just a few simple steps
Food
Create stand-out food photography shots for your dishes with just a few easy clicks.
Furniture
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality furniture photo shoot in just a few simple steps
Jewelry
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality jewelry photo shoot in just a few simple steps
Flatlay
No more renting studios or buying props to get the best looking product photos
Listing Generator
Instantly kick start your online selling journey with an optimized marketplace listing using just a single product photo
Get a Free Product Listing
Pricing
Log in
Log in
Try Free Listing
Privacy Policy
DRESMA, INC.
Last Updated:
7th February, 2021
1. INTRODUCTION
Dresma, Inc.
(“Dresma,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects the privacy of its Users (“User,” “your,” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use the Dresma Platform (the “Platform”) through Dresma’s website at https://www.dresma.ai/ (the “Website”) or Dresma’s mobile application (the “App”).
Dresma is committed to protecting the privacy of its Users whose information is collected and stored while using Dresma’s Platform through our Website or App.
The capitalized terms have the same meaning as ascribed in our
Terms of Use
or unless otherwise noted here.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW WE WILL TREAT IT. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE, APP, AND PLATFORM, YOU AGREE TO ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE WITH THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS AND USE OUR WEBSITE, APP, AND PLATFORM.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE SEND US AN EMAIL AT
PRIVACY@DRESMA.COM
WE DO NOT SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, NOR DO WE INTEND TO DO SO.
WE DO NOT GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES EXCEPT TO SUBPROCESSORS TO ASSIST US IN THE PROVISION OF OUR SERVICES TO YOU.
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you register to use our Website, App, or Platform, we collect personal information (also referred to as personally identifiable information or “PII”) which may include your name, address, online contact information such as your email address or username, phone number, and other personal information. The information so collected will be stored on our servers. You are able to change your personal information via email by contacting us at privacy@dresma.com or through your profile or account settings on our Website, App, or Platform.
a. Geolocation and Equipment Information. We may collect information that does not personally identify you such as (i) your geolocation, and (ii) information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, App, or Platform, and usage details.
b. Financial Information. We currently do not collect or store any credit cards or bank information, as we are using a third-party payment processor. However, we will update this Privacy Policy when we start using and storing such information. We will also inform you via reasonable means if we start collecting such information from you.
3. HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?
We collect personal information from you in the following ways:
a. At registration on our Website, App, or Platform;
b. Through mobile and desktop applications your downloads from our Website, App, or Platform, which provides dedicated non-browser based interaction between you and our Website, App, or Platform;
c. From forms filled out by you;
We collect information from you automatically when you navigate through our Website, App, or Platform through:
a. Usage details.
4. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use the information that you provide to:
a. Personalize your experience in using our Platform;
b. Provide you with information, products, or services requested from us;
c. Present our Website, App, and Platform and their contents to you;
d. Provide you with notices about account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices;
e. Carry out obligations and enforce rights arising from contracts entered into between you and us, including billing and collection;
f. Notify you about changes to our Website, App, and Platform and any products or services;
g. Allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website, App, and Platform;
h. Improve the Website, App, and Platform;
i. Improve our customer service;
j. Process transactions;
k. Contact you about our products and services that may be of interest;
l. Send you periodic emails, in accordance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 as detailed in Section 13, via the email address provided by you to (i) send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions; (ii) process orders and send information and updates pertaining to such orders; (iii) send additional information related to your product and/or service; and (iv) market to our mailing list or continue to send email to you after the original transaction has occurred.
5. OUR COOKIE POLICY
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers. Cookies are used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other devices. Other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, are used for similar purposes. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “Cookies.”
We use Cookies on our Website and App to (a) help remember and process items in the shopping cart, (b) understand and save your preferences for future visits, (c) keep track of advertisements, (d) compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future, and (e) allow trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser Cookies, but it may affect your user experience. We honor Do Not Track signals and, if one is in place, we will not track, plant cookies, or use advertising.
We allow third party behavioral tracking and links to third-party web pages. Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our Website, App, or Platform. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Website, App, or Platform and welcome any feedback at about these sites. Please contact us at
privacy@dresma.com.
6. HOW DO WE PROTECT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
Our Website and App are reasonably scanned to meet or exceed PCI Compliance. Our Website and App receive regular security scans and penetration tests. Our Website and App also receive regular malware scans. In addition, our Website and App use an SSL certificate as an added security measure. We require username and passwords for our employees who can access your personal information that we store and/or process on our Platform and servers. In addition, we actively prevent third parties from getting access to your personal information that we store and/or process on our Platform and servers. We accept payment by credit card through a third party credit card processor on our behalf. We will implement reasonable security measures every time you (a) place an order, or (b) enter, submit, or access your information, (c) register, or (d) access our Platform, on our Website and App.
7. DATA SECURITY MEASURES
a. Security Measures. We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, App, or Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website, App, or Platform. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Website, App, or Platform.
b. Fair Information Practice Principles. In the event of a personal data breach, we will notify you within fifteen (15) days via (i) email and/or (ii) our Platform notification system on our Website and/or App. We agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
8. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
There are times when we may share Personal Information that you have shared with us may be shared by Dresma with others to enable us to provide you over Services, including contractors, service providers, and third parties (“Partners”). This section discusses only how Dresma may share such information with Partners. We will ensure that our Partners protect your Personal Information. The following describe how and with whom we may share your Personal Information:
Disclosure of Personal Information
a. We may disclose aggregated, de-personalized information about you that does not identify any individual to other parties without restriction, such as for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
b. We may disclose personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
c. We may disclose personal information in the event of a merger, sale of business, etc.
d. We may disclose to third parties to market their products and services to you if you have either consented or not opted out of these disclosures.
e. We disclose personal information to fulfill the purpose for which you have provided it, for instance, if you gave us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of the Platform.
f. We may only disclose personal information as described in this Privacy Policy or your consent.
Other Disclosure of Personal Information
a. We will disclose personal information (i) to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, (ii) to enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
or
Terms of Service
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes, (iii) if we believe it is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Dresma, our customers or others, and/or (iv) if it is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Dresma, our customers, or others, and this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third Party Disclosure
a. We do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise transfer personal information to others, unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include our hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Website, App, or Platform, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
b. We do not provide non-personally identifiable visitor information for marketing purposes.
Choices Users Have About How Dresma Uses and Discloses Information
a. Disclosure of Users’ Information for Third-Party Advertising. Users receiving promotional email can opt-out by sending a return email requesting to be omitted from future promotional email distributions. This opt-out will not apply to information provided by Dresma for product purchases, warranty registration, or other transactions.
b. Disclosure of User’s Information for Targeted Advertising. Users can opt-out by emailing us their opt-out request at privacy@dresma.com.
9. GOOGLE ADSENSE AND GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses Cookies to serve advertisements to Users on our Website, App, and Platform. Google uses first-party Cookies, such as Google Analytics Cookies, to compile data regarding User interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our Platform. We currently use Google Analytics to collect and process certain Website and App usage data. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt-out, please visit
https://policies.google.com/privacy/google-partners
.
10. FOR OUR EUROPEAN CUSTOMERS AND VISITORS
We are headquartered in the United States. Most of the operations are located in United States. Your Personal Information, which you give to us during registration or use of our Website, App or Platform, may be accessed by or transferred to us in the United States. If you are visiting our Web site or registering for our Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States. Our servers or our third-party hosting services partners are located in the United States. By using our site, you consent to any transfer of your Personal Information out of Europe, UK, or Switzerland for processing in the US or other countries.
a. We will comply with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with respect to the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to the US for processing. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy and your rights under the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, the terms and conditions in the EU Standard Contractual Clauses will govern. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “EU Standard Contractual Clauses” mean the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors established in the US. (Commission Decision 2010/87/EC).
i. Obligations of the data importer (processors)
The data importer agrees and warrants:
(a) to process the personal data only on behalf of the data exporter and in compliance with its instructions and the Clauses; if it cannot provide such compliance for whatever reasons, it agrees to inform promptly the data exporter of its inability to comply, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of data and/or terminate the contract;
(b) that it has no reason to believe that the legislation applicable to it prevents it from fulfilling the instructions received from the data exporter and its obligations under the contract and that in the event of a change in this legislation which is likely to have a substantial adverse effect on the warranties and obligations provided by the Clauses, it will promptly notify the change to the data exporter as soon as it is aware, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of data and/or terminate the contract;
(c) that it has implemented the technical and organizational security measures before processing the personal data transferred;
(d) that it will promptly notify the data exporter about:
any legally binding request for disclosure of the personal data by a law enforcement authority unless otherwise prohibited, such as a prohibition under criminal law to preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement investigation,
any accidental or unauthorized access, and
any request received directly from the data subjects without responding to that request, unless it has been otherwise authorized to do so
(e) to deal promptly and properly with all inquiries from the data exporter relating to its processing of the personal data subject to the transfer and to abide by the advice of the supervisory authority with regard to the processing of the data transferred;
(f) at the request of the data exporter to submit its data processing facilities for audit of the processing activities covered by the Clauses which shall be carried out by the data exporter or an inspection body composed of independent members and in possession of the required professional qualifications bound by a duty of confidentiality, selected by the data exporter, where applicable, in agreement with the supervisory authority;
(g) to make available to the data subject upon request a copy of the Clauses, or any existing contract for sub-processing, unless the Clauses or contract contain commercial information, in which case it may remove such commercial information, with the exception of Appendix 2 which shall be replaced by a summary description of the security measures in those cases where the data subject is unable to obtain a copy from the data exporter;
(h) that, in the event of sub-processing, it has previously informed the data exporter and obtained its prior written consent;
ii. Obligations of the data exporter
The data exporter agrees and warrants:
(a) that the processing, including the transfer itself, of the personal data has been and will continue to be carried out in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable data protection law (and, where applicable, has been notified to the relevant authorities of the Member State where the data exporter is established) and does not violate the relevant provisions of that State;
(b) that it has instructed and throughout the duration of the personal data processing services will instruct the data importer to process the personal data transferred only on the data exporter’s behalf and in accordance with the applicable data protection law and the Clauses;
(c) that the data importer will provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures;
(d) that after assessment of the requirements of the applicable data protection law, the security measures are appropriate to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing, and that these measures ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks presented by the processing and the nature of the data to be protected having regard to the state of the art and the cost of their implementation;
(e) that it will ensure compliance with the security measures;
(f) that, if the transfer involves special categories of data, the data subject has been informed or will be informed before, or as soon as possible after, the transfer that its data could be transmitted to a third country not providing adequate protection within the meaning of Directive 95/46/EC;
(g) to make available to the data subjects upon request a copy of the Clauses, with a summary description of the security measures, as well as a copy of any contract for sub-processing services which has to be made in accordance with the Clauses, unless the Clauses or the contract contain commercial information, in which case it may remove such commercial information; and
(h) that, in the event of sub-processing, the processing activity is carried out in at least the same level of protection for the personal data and the rights of the data subject as the data importer under the Clauses.
iii. Liability
(a) The parties agree that any data subject, who has suffered damage as a result of any breach of the obligations referred above by any party or sub-processor is entitled to receive compensation from the data exporter for the damage suffered.
(b) If a data subject is not able to bring a claim for compensation in accordance with paragraph a against the data exporter, arising out of a breach by the data importer or his sub-processor of any of their obligations referred to above, because the data exporter has factually disappeared or ceased to exist in law or has become insolvent, the data importer agrees that the data subject may issue a claim against the data importer as if it were the data exporter, unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract of by operation of law, in which case the data subject can enforce its rights against such entity.
(c) If you are a resident of or a visitor to Europe, you have certain rights with respect to the processing of your Personal Data, (referred here as Personal Information), as defined in the GDPR.
(d) Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, or we may ask you to provide us with additional information in connection with your request, which may be Personal Information, for example, if we need to verify your identity or the nature of your request.
(e) In such situations, however, we will still respond to let you know of our decision. As used herein, “Personal Information” means any information that identifies you as an individual, such as name, address, email address, IP address, phone number, business address, business title, business email address, company, etc.
(f) To make any of the following requests, please contact us (i) via email at privacy@dresma.com, or (ii) by writing to us at Dresma, 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd. Suite 100, Cupertino, CA 95014.
i. Access: You can request more information about the Personal Information we hold about you. You can also request a copy of the Personal Information.
ii. Rectification: If you believe that any Personal Information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. Please contact us as soon as possible upon noticing any such inaccuracy or incompleteness.
iii. Objection: You can contact us to let us know that you object to the collection or use of your Personal Information for certain purposes.
iv. Erasure: You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Information from our systems.
v. Restriction of Processing: You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Information.
vi. Portability: You have the right to ask for a copy of your Personal Information in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another entity where technically feasible.
vii. Withdrawal of Consent: If we are processing your Personal Information based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, it may limit your ability to use some/ all of our Services or Platform and you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Information, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Services and Platform.
viii. Right to File Complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your Personal Information with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. Please go to
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
to locate your Data Protection Authority.
xi. Response. We will respond to your inquiry within thirty (30) days of the receipt.
11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Dresma does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside third parties your “Personal Information” as the term is defined under the California Civil Code Section § 1798.82(h). Additionally, California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits Users of our Website, App, or Platform that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of their Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request for such disclosure, or identification and/or deletion of Personal Information in all our systems that we store on you, please send an email to privacy@dresma.com or write us at Dresma, 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd. Suite 100, Cupertino, CA 95014.
Note that (i) if we delete your Personal Information as requested, we will no longer be able to provide our services to you and (ii) we may need to keep such Personal Information for a while during the shutting down and billing process. If you would like to discuss our Personal Information storage and processing process with us, please send us an email at privacy@dresma.com or write us at Dresma, 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd. Suite 100, Cupertino, CA 95014.
12. COPPA COMPLIANCE (FOR CHILDREN UNDER 13 USERS ONLY)
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) is a federal legislation that applies to entities that collect and store “Personal Information,” as the term is defined under COPPA, from children under the age of 13. We are committed to ensure compliance with COPPA. Our Website, App, and Platform are not meant for use by children under the age of 13. Our Website, App, and Platform do not target children under the age of 13, but we do not age-screen or otherwise prevent the collection, use, and personal disclosure of persons identified as under 13. If you would like to know more about our practices and specifically our practices in relation to COPPA compliance, please email us at privacy@dresma.com.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR WEBSITE, APP, OR PLATFORM.
13. CAN-SPAM ACT OF 2003
The CAN-SPAM Act establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have businesses stop emailing them, and spells out penalties for violations. Per the CAN-SPAM Act, we will:
a. not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses;
b. identify the email message as an advertisement in some reasonable way;
c. include the physical address of Dresma, which is 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd. Suite 100, Cupertino, CA 95014;
d. monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used;
e. honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly; and
f. give an “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” option.
If you wish to opt out of email marketing, follow the instructions at the bottom of each email or contact us at privacy@dresma.com and we will promptly remove you from all future marketing correspondences.
14. MODIFICATIONS TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Dresma reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event we modify this Privacy Policy, such modifications shall be binding on you only upon your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. We will inform you about the modifications on our Privacy Policy page via email, on our Website, App, or Platform by posting a modified version of the Privacy Policy page, or by a comparable means within a reasonable time period. Your continued use of our Website, App, or Platform shall constitute your consent to such changes.
15. LIST OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
Dresma uses the following third-party service providers for the provision of services as detailed under the
Terms of Use
or
Terms of Service
, as applicable
Name of Third-Party Service ProviderContact InformationAmazon Web Services Inc. (North Virginia, US)Website:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/aws-phone-support/
Address: 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210
Stripe, Inc.Email:
info@stripe.com
Address: 510 Townsend St, San Francisco, CA 94103
Google CloudWebsite:
cloud.google.com/support
Telephone: (855) 817-0841
PayPalWebsite:
https://www.paypal.com/us/smarthelp/contact-us
Address: 2211 North First Street San Jose, CA 95131
RazorpayWebsite:
https://razorpay.com/support/
Address: 1st Floor, SJR Cyber, 22, Laskar Hosur Road, Adugodi, Bangalore, Karnataka – 560030
Additionally, if you have any questions or concerns about our third-party service providers, please email us at privacy@dresma.com.
16. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT/DMCA NOTICE
If you believe that any content on our Website, App, or Platform violates your copyright, and you wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA Takedown Notice”)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent.
a. Your physical or electronic signature;
b. Identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
c. Identification of the material on our Website, App, or Platform that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
d. Sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
e. Your address, telephone number, and email address;
f. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and
g. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Dresma’s Copyright Agent to receive DMCA Takedown Notices is Puneet Chaumal, at privacy@dresma.com and at Dresma, Attn: DMCA Notice, 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd. Suite 100, Cupertino, CA 95014. You acknowledge that for us to be authorized to take down any content, your DMCA Takedown Notice must comply with all the requirements of this Section. Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney’s fees incurred by Dresma in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.
17. CONTACT US
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Privacy Officer
Email: privacy@dresma.com
Address: Dresma, 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd. Suite 100, Cupertino, CA 95014
PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU USE OUR WEBSITE, APP, OR PLATFORM, YOU HAVE AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN OUR
TERMS OF USE
OR OUR
TERMS OF SERVICE
, AS APPLICABLE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR
TERMS OF USE
, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE, APP, OR PLATFORM.
‍
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://privacy@dresma.com/:
Products
Photo Studio
AI powered mobile photography app used by millions of eCommerce sellers around the globe.
Learn more
Design Studio
All in one Platform to create premium quality imagery to promote content on multiple channels and boost sales.
Learn more
Listing Generator
Instantly kick start your online selling journey with an optimized marketplace listing using just a single product photo
Get a Free Product Listing
Tools
For Product Photos
Remove Background
Remove backgrounds from any image in just one click
White Background
Automatically change background of your photo to white
Change Background Color
Remove the background and change the color of your product photos
Image Resizer
Easily resize image without losing quality and aspect ratio
For Creative Content
Batch Editor
Edit your eCommerce product photos in bulk and save time and money
AI Background
Enhance your eCommerce product photos with high quality, contextual backgrounds
Design Studio
All in one Platform to create premium quality imagery to promote content on multiple channels and boost sales.
Learn more
Sell On
Amazon
Our team of experts handle all your product photography for Amazon, start to finish!
Shopify
Elevate your storefront with professional-grade Shopify product photography
Walmart
Accelerate your Walmart sales by generating conversion worthy content for your product listings
Mercado Livre
Increase the visibility of your products and get photos of your products for Mercado Libre
Kaufland
create high-quality images with white backgrounds, infographics and lifestyle shots
Photo Studio
AI powered mobile photography app used by millions of eCommerce sellers around the globe.
Learn more
Verticals
Apparel
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality apparel photo shoot in just a few simple steps
Fashion
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality fashion accessories photo shoot in just a few simple steps
Products
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality eCommerce photo shoot  in just a few simple steps
Food
Create stand-out food photography shots for your dishes with just a few easy clicks.
Furniture
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality furniture photo shoot in just a few simple steps
Jewelry
Leverage our AI to get a high-quality jewelry photo shoot in just a few simple steps
Flatlay
No more renting studios or buying props to get the best looking product photos
Listing Generator
Instantly kick start your online selling journey with an optimized marketplace listing using just a single product photo
Get a Free Product Listing
Pricing
Log in
Log in
Try Free Listing
Trusted by 50k brands on
How Dresma helps grow your online brand
Ready to elevate your product listings and boost sales? Our platform delivers stand out, professional ecommerce content to set your brand apart from the competition
Our ai content creation solutions are perfect for brands looking to make an impact with their digital content !
HIGH IMPACT CONTENT, FAST!
Don’t waste time and money on traditional photo shoots. With Dresma’s DoMyShoot mobile app, replace product photography services to get professional quality product images in minutes!
more about ai product photography
BRAND SPECIFIC CONTENT-ALWAYS
Designed for ecommerce businesses  with a strong brand identity, our ai backgrounds tool is trained to align with custom brand requirements and market trends
more about ai background generator
CONSISTENCY THAT BUILDS TRUST
Our amazon listing optimization tool delivers uniform, on brand product photos, descriptions and titles every time ensuring your brand stands out on the marketplace
more about listing generator
SCALE YOUR CONTENT PRODUCTION
We help grow your brand, offering seamless ai content creation workflows for photorealistic and copyright free ai generated models. Which mean no photoshoots and faster goto market!
more about ai generated models
Home Design Case Study
85% increase in savings
We helped a new furniture brand create their product catalog for a multi-channel sales strategy
"We migrated our photo shoot and content creation workflow to Dresma and see the immense value their AI + human in the loop model brings to our requirements. Furniture photography is challenging, expensive and time taking- not anymore for us! We look forward to further optimizing the workflow as we scale out our online business across new channels of sale."
Eugene YK Tan, Director
HOME DESIGN
The Dresma Impact
Building technology solutions to power all the great ecommerce content that drives online success
14M+
Images Processed
50K
Active Online Brands
100K
App Downloads
Grow Your Brand Online
All in one place
e-commerce content solutions
AI Product Photography
studio on the go
Product Photography for ecommerce
AI Background Generator
Endless possibillities with infinite backgrounds
AI Generated Models
Unlimited on-brand creatives:
A+ content, infographics, banners, user guides
Enhanced Brand Content
Talk to Dresma experts for custom ai content creation solutions for online growth
Book Demo
WHITE BACKGROUND
IMAGE RESIZER
BACKGROUND COLOR CHANGE
BATCH EDITOR
Background Remover
AI BACKGROUND
AI Tools
One click to enhanced imagery
Built for everywhere you sell
AI Listing Generator
Streamline and optimize your listings for faster conversions
Instant Amazon Listings
We are Designed Differently
Our human-in-the-loop model ensures every piece of content is manually checked for 100% compliance, making our AI smarter with each use
THEY LOVE US. YOU WILL LOVE US TOO.
Hear from some of our amazing customers who are selling faster
“It’s amazing. Your product makes our product look good."
Brenda
Integrity Wigs
“Hiring professional photographers and product stylists was a long-drawn process. Even after all that, it used to take us days before we got the final images.  Dresma makes the entire process so much easier and convenient.”
Owner
Aries Mart
"The Dresma Team has been vital to our growing online home décor business at Belle & June! We provide product images and a brief description of the look and feel of a room setting and then they effortlessly and quickly provide us with stunning lifestyle images. They understand our vision and are fantastic to work with! High-quality results every time!"
Laura Michals
Belle & June
“We can now do product photoshoots whenever we want at our production facility and showroom, and the high-quality images are provided to us in a matter of hours. Our products can now compete with well-known brands sold online.”
Divyanshu
COO, Dehat India
“Anyone can now take photos with their phone with essentially zero training.  It has also eliminated almost all post work outside of color correction.  We take the photos in the app and the next day finished files are in a drive for us to review and color correct if needed.  It doesn’t sound like a lot fewer steps, but the time involved is drastically lower.”
Brad Kilpatrick
World Rugby Shop
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy/google-partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Who are Google’s partners?
Google works with businesses and organizations in a variety of ways. We refer to these businesses and organizations as “partners”. For example, over 2 million non-Google websites and apps
partner with Google to show ads
. Millions of developer partners publish their apps on Google Play. Other partners help Google with securing our services; information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
Note we also work with trusted businesses as “data processors” rather than partners, meaning they process information on our behalf, to support our services, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. The Google
Privacy Policy
has more information about how we use data processors.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with our advertising partners, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to share it. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
You can read more about the information Google collects, including from partners, in the
Privacy Policy
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps