Home
Man Or Goat
Contact
This Privacy Policy governs your use of software application/s (“Application(s)) for mobile devices created by Newtquest Games (“We”, "Us" or “Our”).
What information does the Application(s) obtain and how is it used?
1. We don’t collect personal data
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not seek to obtain information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
2. Data you provide to Us
If you contact Us via email for any reason, such as a support request, We will retain your email and any information you provide within it solely for the purpose of responding to your query. Your email and any associated information is not used for any other purpose.
3. We Don’t Collect Location Data
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
4. We Don’t Collect Information from Children
If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use the Application(s). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information provided by such user.
5. We may collect non-personal data
We may collect anonymous information. We may use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems may also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address. We may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable us to identify you. This data helps us understand how the Application(s) is used.
6. Third Party Service Providers
- Advertising partners (Ad Serving Technologies):
Advertisements from third party ad networks may be displayed in the Application(s). Our Advertising partners may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect data to provided targeted advertisements to you. Some of this data may be considered non-personal information, and some of it may be consider personal information.
We recommend that you review the privacy policy for our ad serving partners as listed below:
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
- Opting out of targeted advertising:
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest-based ads" (Android).
- Other services:
The Application offers the optional use of Game Center on iOS and Google Play Services on Android, for features such as online leaderboards and achievments.
Game Center Terms and Conditions: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/
Google Play Services Terms of Service: https://play.google.com/intl/en-US_us/about/play-terms.html
7. Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. The most current version can be found at http://newtquestgames.com/privacy.html. We recommend that you consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use of the Application(s) is deemed approval of the policy.
8. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
please contact us here
Recent Posts
How I lost my summer to 972 goats
How I outsourced two artists on my iOS game, Man Or Goat
Recording goat noises and picking the best ones
Making of Man Or Goat – The beginning
Man Or Goat
FAQ, Hints and Tips
Man Or Goat Support Page
Play Now
Home
Man Or Goat
Contact
Copyright © 2017 www.newtquestgames.com. All Rights Reserved