FEMOMETER PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) provides you with information about how we may collect, use, and share your personal information so that you may make knowledgeable choices about the information that you choose to provide to us. “Personal Information” includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you.
Please note that we may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back with us periodically.
This Privacy Policy provides information regarding Femometer’s data practices, including:
1. How Femometer collects personal information
2. How Femometer uses “cookies” and related information collected automatically when you use our App or Website.
3. How Femometer uses personal information
4. What personal information, if any, Femometer may share about you
5. Security measures that Femometer employs to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosure
6. Other things you should know about privacy and Femometer
COLLECTED INFORMATION AND USAGE
Femometer collects and uses the information you provide to us when you use the Femometer Service. Information that Femometer may collect includes: name, date of birth, e-mail address, fertility-related data and other family planning and health-related information you provide. You may consider some of this information to be sensitive so you should choose carefully regarding whether and if you will use the Service.
We may use or share your Personal Information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address, and location) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do.
How Femometer collects and uses information from you:
1. App Usage.
Femometer may observe your activities, preferences, and transactional data as well as content you have viewed during your use of the Service. We may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular Service. While we may collect or log this information, we do not identify you or match this non-Personal Information with your other Personal Information.
2. Customer Service.
If you purchase a paid Service offered by Femometer you may be asked for information needed to complete your request and provide related customer service. This information you provide is used, for example, to process your transactions, to create and share aggregate reports about these transactions, and for any risk management functions relating to transactions. If you purchase a subscription Service, your transaction may be conducted through our vendors and suppliers. Vendors and suppliers engaged by Conscious may have their use of your Personal Information limited by this Privacy Policy, contractual restrictions, and applicable law. Femometer (through its vendors or suppliers) may limit its provision of services to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law.
3. Scientific Research.
In our mission to better understand fertility cycles and help women make powerful and informed choices around their fertility, Femometer will use your fertility data anonymously in our own research to better understand human fertility and improve our products and services. We may also share anonymous Personal Information with third-party researchers. Personal Information we share with a third party will be anonymous and not associated with your name or any identifying information provided by Femometer.
4. Technical and Administrative Support.
Femometer may allow you to provide registration information to us associated with a particular Femometer Service or products. Femometer may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically about important changes to the Service (such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach), and new products and services and related features. If you register, we may ask for, among other things, your name, address, email, telephone number, type of product purchased, or other product-identifying information.
5. Promotions and Contests.
You may be asked to provide Personal Information, for entry into a particular promotion or contest, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. The specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion or contest will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations.
6. Marketing.
When you provide Femometer with Personal Information, we may communicate with you using the information you have given us to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you including marketing and promotional messages. For special offers and promotions we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving further similar communications.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION, COOKIES, AND RELATED INFORMATION COLLECTION
Cookies are small lines of text/data that are written onto your computer by a website. The Service may involve use of cookies or other similar technologies to collect and store non-Personal Information. We utilize these technologies to research and understand how the Service is used, to develop and improve the Service, to personalize your online experience, and for advertising and other marketing purposes.
When you exit out of the Service, session cookies used by Femometer are removed. In some instances, such as where you register in order to customize your use of the Service, cookies may persist so that we can recognize you without requiring log-in at each visit. These persistent cookies placed in connection with your use of the Service may remain stored on your computer or mobile device until you remove them. Disabling or removing cookies may require you to manually log on each time you wish to use the Service.
WHEN FEMOMETER MAY SHARE COLLECTED INFORMATION
In addition to the circumstances noted above, Femometer may also share your Personal Information with third parties in the following situations:
1. Enabling Services.
Femometer contracts with other companies in order to enable provision of the Service. For example, web based services require web hosting, thus Femometer may contract with web hosting service providers.
2. Public Areas.
The Service may include forums for communicating with others; such forums are public areas. Any information disclosed in such public areas of the Service or on any other website (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc.) will become public information. You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas, especially your health-related and other sensitive information. Content posted in public areas of the Service, including advice and opinions, represent only the views and input of the poster; Femometer does not necessarily endorse, support, verify, or agree with such content. If you have any questions or comments about any content on the Service please send us an email at:
support@bongmi.com
3. Business Changes.
If Femometer should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if Femometer should decide to buy, sell, or reorganize some part or all of its business, Femometer may be required to disclose your Personal Information to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions.
4. As Required by Law and Other Extraordinary Disclosures.
Femometer may be required to disclose your Personal Information if it: (i) believes it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (such as a court order, subpoena, search warrant, etc.) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority, (ii) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit, (iii) is otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property, or (iv) is necessary to protect the legal rights or property of others.
YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS, MAKE CHANGES TO, OR REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may request access to, correction of, or deletion of your Personal Information. For instructions on changing any of your privacy preferences, accessing your information, updating your information or for any privacy or data-protection-related question please write to
support@bongmi.com
for assistance.
SECURITY
Data Transmission. No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Thus, Femometer cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us. You use the Service at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems. However, this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. In the event of a security breach. If Femometer learns of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. Also, Femometer may post a notice on the Website or the App if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the Service. Femometer may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you must notify us at
support@bongmi.com
.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
1. Children.
Femometer Services are not directed at children. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older. If a person under 13 submits information through the Website or the App, and we learn the person submitting the information is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible. Because we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from persons under 13, we do not use or disclose such information to third parties.
2. Third party websites.
The Service may contain links to third party websites. Such third party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. If you choose to visit such third party websites, you should review the third party’s applicable privacy policy carefully.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY BY FEMOMETER
Femometer reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy in the future. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy that are materially less restrictive on our use of personal information than we have previously collected we will make reasonable efforts to obtain your consent to provide notice and obtain your consent to any such uses. We will post the updated Privacy Policy through the Service. Your continued use of the Service following a change in the Privacy Policy represents your consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING FEMOMETER
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at
support@bongmi.com