PRIVACY POLICY
Updated: Aug 23, 2020
Protecting your privacy is really important to insteam. We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from users of our game application for mobile devices and tablet computers (the “Apps”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the App and site.
How do we collect and use information?
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Apps, Site and related services (collectively, the “Services”), to administer your use of the Services (including your account, if you choose to create an account for your use of the Services), and to enable you to enjoy our Services.
Account Information
Except as described below, we do not collect any information that can be used to contact or identify you directly, such as your full name, email address, postal address or phone number (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”) in connection with your use of the Services.
Information Related to Use of the Services
Our servers automatically record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this information as “Log Data”), including
both account holders and non-account holders (either, a “User”). Log Data may include information such as a Userʼs Internet Protocol (IP) address,
device type, operating system, the links and advertisements on our Services that a User clicked on, the amount of time you interact with the Services
and other statistics. We use this information to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) this information to
improve and enhance the Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Usersʼ needs and preferences. We also use the IP Address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.
Mobile Device Information
When you access the Services via a mobile device, we will collect information related to the mobile device such as the serial number or MAC address
and the open UDID of the device. We may use this information to improve and personalize our Services for you.
Advertising & Third Party Products and Services
The Services are supported via advertising, and we collect certain data to help the Services serve ads. We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Services are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Services. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Services, including the unique identification ID of your mobile device. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties canʼt identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain information about other services youʼve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Services and elsewhere.We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?
We will not share any information that we have collected from you except as described below:
Account holders
If you choose to connect your SNS Account to the Services, other Users of the Services will be able to see your SNS Account first name and profile
picture and information related to your use of the Services, such as the number of times you have accessed or used the Services.
Information Shared with Our Services Providers
We may engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These third-party services providers have
access to your information only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf and are expressly obligated not to disclose or use your
information for any other purpose.
Information Shared with Third Parties
We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other similar
purposes.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. As a result, if we go out of business or enter
bankruptcy or if we are acquired as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your information may be disclosed or
transferred to the third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
It is our policy to protect you from having your privacy violated through abuse of the legal systems, whether by individuals, entities or government,
and to contest claims that we believe to be invalid under applicable law. However, it is also our policy to cooperate with government and law
enforcement officials and private parties. Accordingly, we reserve the right to disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement
officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary: (i) to satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal process
or to respond to lawful requests, including subpoenas, warrants or court orders; (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the rights, property
and safety of third parties or the public in general; and (iii) to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
Information We Disclose With Your Consent or at Your Request
We will share your information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites, if you have expressly requested that we do so via
the Services.
The Security of Your Information
We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your information) from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure.
Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party’s privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or
services and weʼre not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your
information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If youʼre located outside the United States and choose to
provide information to us, we may transfer your information to the United States and Brazil or other preferred locations and process it there.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are for children over 4+ .
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify and revise
this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, weʼll notify you of such changes by posting them on the
Services or by sending you a notification and weʼll indicate when such changes will become effective.
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.
Welcome to insteam!