15 years.
Rebuilt for Today.
Rediscover
Reeder.
iOS 17 or later
macOS 14 or later
Help & FAQ
News
Reeder Classic
Mela
Introducing the new Reeder
Your inbox for reading, watching and listening to content from various sources.
From Unread Counts to Timeline Syncing
With the new Reeder, unread counts are a thing of the past. Instead, your timeline position is synced across all your devices, allowing you to simply pick up from where you left off.
Shared Feeds
Any tag can be turned into a public feed,
like this one
. Whenever you add new content to a tag, its public feed updates automatically. These feeds can be viewed in any browser or added to any RSS reader that supports
JSON feeds
, making it easy to share your curated content.
Unified Timeline
More than just RSS feeds, the new Reeder supports a wider range of content, including videos, podcasts and social media posts, all seamlessly integrated into a unified timeline. While Reeder isn’t meant to replace full-featured clients, it provides a centralized way to keep track of everything you follow. When you want to dive deeper, you can open content in other apps (if supported) for more interaction.
Filters
Create custom timelines with filters based on keywords, media types or feed types.
Save and Organize Links
In addition to following various sources, you can also save links to Reeder using its share extension.
iCloud Sync
Reeder syncs only what’s important — your subscriptions, timeline position and tagged items (including Links, Favorites, Bookmarks and Later) — across all your devices using iCloud. By focusing on these key elements, syncing is faster and more efficient, with changes pushed to your other devices within seconds. Content is fetched directly from the sources, ensuring you always have the latest updates while keeping your saved content up-to-date and organized.
Privacy Policy
Except for data collected by Apple, such as when you have enabled
Share with Developers
, Reeder does not collect any data. No personal information, usage data or any other information is collected — nothing.
iCloud
Reeder uses iCloud for syncing, with all synced data securely stored in your iCloud account.
Shared Feeds
Shared feeds are hosted on reederapp.net and are publicly accessible, which is the intended purpose of this feature.
Third-party services
This policy does not apply to third-party services you use with Reeder. You can consult the relevant privacy policies on the websites of any services you are using with Reeder.