Close
Privacy & GDPR
1. Introduction
We have created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and to the protection of your data.  
    By visiting www.databizsolutions.ie, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Statement.  
    If you do not agree to the terms in this Statement , we kindly ask you to leave the site.  
    Where you provide personal data to DataBiz Solutions such data will be used only for the service you have requested.
2. Controller of personal information
Any personal information provided to or to be gathered by www.databizsolutions.ie 
    is held by DataBiz Solutions, Ard Iosef, Moycullen, Co. Galway, Ireland. Tel: +353 (91) 556755.
3. Disclosure of data
DataBiz Solutions may use the information received to provide DataBiz Solutions services.
DataBiz Solutions will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information without your permission except under special circumstances, 
    for instance if DataBiz Solutions is required by law or a court order to do so. 
    Any information collected by DataBiz Solutions will be treated confidentially and 
    we will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
4. Storage of personal information
DataBiz Solutions only stores information for as long as is necessary and, where relevant, makes every effort to keep information up-to-date. 
    Once the information is no longer required, it is securely deleted.
5. Removal or alteration of personal data
You have the right to be given a copy of information held by us about you. We may charge a fee for this which will not exceed 6.35 Euro.
You have the right to access your data and to have any inaccuracies in the details we hold corrected.
You also have the right to have the information erased if we do not have a legitimate reason for retaining same.
We will accede to any such valid requests within 40 calendar days of the receipt of a valid request in writing. 
        Please send all requests to DataBiz Solutions, Ard Iosef, Moycullen, Co. Galway, Ireland or email info@ databizsolutions.ie.
We reserve the right to request you to provide additional information in order to enable us to identify your personal data 
        and/or to verify your identity.
6. Security
Whenever DataBiz Solutions handles personal information, regardless of where this occurs, DataBiz Solutions takes every precaution 
    to ensure that your information is treated securely using technologies such as encryption and firewalls.
7. Website details
When visiting our web pages, tracking technologies may record information about your visit automatically. 
    This information does not identify you personally. The only information about your visit that we automatically collect and store is the IP address 
    from which you access our website (an IP address is a number, ‘xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx’, that is automatically assigned to your computer 
    whenever you are surfing the web).
8. Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here so our users may always know what information we collect, 
    how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We will use the information in accordance with the Privacy Policy 
    under which the information was collected.