Privacy Policy
Updated June 3, 2024
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Castify ("Application") for
                    mobile devices. The Application is a TV Casting Player.
User Provided Information
All information are for app's functionalities, developer communications, and app diagnostics.
                        The Application only obtains the information you provide when register within the Application.
                        Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use
                        some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.

                        When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) a user name or
                        email address, password and other optional registration information; (b) transaction-related
                        information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use
                        applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d)
                        information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information
                        and project management information.

                        We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you
                        with important information and required notices.

                        Automatically Collected Information

                        In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not
                        limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP
                        address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet
                        browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.

                        Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?


                        This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

                        Do we see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?


                        Aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve
                        the Application and our services.

                        We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:

                        as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;

                        when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your
                        safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;

                        with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of
                        the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this
                        privacy statement.

                        If we're involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will
                        be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or
                        uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my rights?
You can opt-out simply by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall
                        processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application
                        marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at support@castify.tv.
                        In terms of data retention, existing information will begin the flush out process. No data will
                        be retained for more than 30 days.
                        You have the right to request access of any data collected anytime by contacting us below.
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
European Union (EU) sets rules for how companies can collect, use, and store personal data of EU
                        citizens.
                        This privacy policy conforms strictly to GDPR standards.
LGPD (Brazil General Data Protection Law)
Brazil sets rules for how companies can collect, use, and store personal data of Brazilan
                        citizens.
                        This privacy policy conforms strictly to LGPD standards.
Your CCPA Rights (California Consumer Privacy Act)
You have the following rights under the CCPA:

                        The right to know about the Personal Information we collect, use, and disclose about you.
                        The right to delete your Personal Information.

                        Exercising Your CCPA Rights: You can exercise your CCPA rights by submitting a request through
                        https://castify.tv/account-deletion.
Under the VCDPA (Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act), you have certain rights regarding
                            your personal information, including:
The right to access your personal data
                        The right to correct inaccurate personal data
                        The right to delete your personal data
                        The right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data (we do not sell your data)
Right to Rectification
You have the right to correct and information by contacting us.
Shared Information with third parties
No data is shared/sold with third parties.
Deletion Rights
You can request to have any data collected be deleted anytime here:
Delete Account
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age
                        of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
                        information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@castify.tv. We will
                        delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide
                        physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain.
                        For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who
                        need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be
                        aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and
                        maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any
                        changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email
                        or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as
                        continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth
                        in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a
                        computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not
                        limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of
                        which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States
                        your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy
                        standards.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about
                        our practices, please contact us via email at support@castify.tv