Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 1, 2020
What information do we collect?
- We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
- We may collect information such as device name, client user-agent and location for advertising.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
Subscribing and Unsubscribing Terms and Conditions.
– The Users shall subscribe to services of Gambo Games Mobile Application and manage their subscription settings through AppStore and Google Play.
– For the purposes of subscription management, the User shall follow the official instructions of Apple available in the Internet at https://support.apple.com/HT202039. Instruction for subscriptions from Android devices https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481
– The information system and software of Gambo Games Mobile Application do not have any technical solutions for automated censorship and control of activities and informational relations of its Users regarding the use of Gambo Games Mobile Application, except for special technical solutions which may be implemented by the Licensor for the purposes of preventing and restraining infringement of third-party intellectual property rights.
– The Licensor reserves the right to change, at any time, the design of Gambo Games Mobile Application, its content, functions, change and supplement the scripts, software and other objects used or stored therein as well as any server-based applications at any time with or without prior notification.
– The Licensor shall be entitled to use any statistical information related to Gambo Games Mobile Application functioning and Users’ information for the purposes of targeted advertising to various User groups. For the purposes of ensuring functioning and technical support and implementation of this Agreement, the Licensor shall have technical capabilities for accessing Users’ personal pages, which shall be exercised only in cases stipulated by this Agreement.
– The Licensor shall be entitled to send information about development of Gambo Games Mobile Application and its functionality and advertise its own activities to the User.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our products.
                These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility
                or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the
                integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not
                collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information
                collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our products, you consent to our products privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
We love hearing your voice. Let's contact us and stay connected!
Email:
gambogames.inc@gmail.com