Privacy Notice
Everything you need to know about your data. Pure and simple.
Zego's privacy promise
Zego will only use your data in the way that we have described in this privacy notice. We promise to always tell you what we do with your data and to protect your data as securely as if it were our own. We are here to help you whenever you need and always want you to know what is happening with your data.
Our Approach to Privacy
We know data protection can seem big and scary. At Zego we want you to know that we have your best interests at heart and part of that is making data protection simple and easy. So here is what we do with your data...
Data Protection Officer Information
Zego has its own Data Protection Officer. They are the DPO for Zego as an insurance broker (Extracover Limited) and an insurance provider (Extracover Insurance Company Limited). If you have any questions please contact the DPO via email
dpo@zego.com
So, who are you?
The things we do with your data are different depending on your relationship to us. Simply click on the option that is relevant to you and it will take you to all the information you need to know about your personal data.
Are you a:
Visitor to our website
Zego customer (new/old/current)
Sense Customer (Telematics app)
Information we collect through Cookies and similar technologies
We collect information through "Cookies" and other similar technologies (e.g. pixel tags or links), to remember you when you visit our websites so we can improve your online experience to suit your needs. These help us understand how you and others use our websites, use our services and respond to our advertising, so we can tailor direct marketing and enhance our overall service offering.
We may also use your information in anonymised form (so that you cannot be identified) to analyse how people use our websites, view our services and respond to our advertising. When you receive direct marketing from us via email, we may use also use technology like pixel tags or links to determine your use of and interest in our direct marketing.
To find out more about Cookies and related technologies please read our separate
Cookie Policy
.
Security
We are committed to protecting the confidentiality and security of the information that you provide to us and we put in place appropriate technical, physical and organisational security measures to protect against any unauthorised access or damage to, or disclosure or loss of, your information.
You should also be aware that communications over the internet, such as e-mails, are not secure unless they have been encrypted. Our websites may contain links to other Zego and other third party websites. These other third party websites will be subject to their own privacy policies which may differ from this Privacy Notice. You should carefully read the privacy policies of these websites before submitting any personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time for example, to keep it up to date or to comply with legal requirements.