Privacy Policy
‍
At Evolui AB we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at support@skipmeal.io
This privacy notice describes how we might collect, use and share your information in connection to when you use our mobile application - Skip Meal Intermittent Fasting.
In this privacy notice, if we refer to:
“App”
, we are referring to any application of ours that references or links to this policy, including any listed above.
“Services”
, we are referring to our App, and other related services, including any sales, marketing, or events.
‍
By installing the App or in any way using or accessing the Services, you accept the terms and conditions of this privacy notice and the processing of your personal information.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect from you, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy notice you do not agree with, please discontinue using our Services immediately.
Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information we collect.
Personal Data Controller
Responsible for the processing of your personal data is:
Company Name
Evolui AB
‍
Corporate Identity No
559345-8705
‍
Address
Pildammsvägen 95F,
215 34 Malmö, Sweden
Email
support@skipmeal.io
‍
Information we collect
Personal information you disclose to us
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the App, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our App and Services, when you participate in activities on the App or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The information we collect may include the following:
Account Information
- We collect names, email addresses, passwords, usernames, country, language and other similar information.
Fasting Data
- we collect information related to your fasts (including date, length, and notes that you submit).
Health Data
- Upon given consent, we may collect information such as your height, weight, workout data and water intake, either directly from you or from Apple Health or Google Fit. This information will be used to give you an overview of your activities with calendars, graphs and other statistics.
Third-Party Applications
- If you connect to the Services using a Third-Party Application such as Sign in with Apple and Apple HealthKit, we will collect and use your personal information from Third-Party Applications such as your username, name, email address, as well as such health data that you choose to synchronize with our Services. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account provider and is provided to us under their privacy policies.
Contact Information
- If you opt to provide us with your contact information, for example by contacting our support, we will use this to respond to support requests. *
All personal information that you provide to us must be accurate, true and complete, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the App. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our App and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Information collected through our App
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s reminders, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our App, we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID and information about the features of our App you accessed.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
‍
How we use information
Your privacy is very important to us and we will only collect and process your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For example, we will process your health data (weight data, workout data, and water intake data) to enable the presentation of your personal usage patterns and trends (such as daily, weekly and monthly overviews of your weight, workouts and water intake patterns).
We also use your information to facilitate account creation and login process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (Such as Google or Apple), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and login process. We may also use your information for the purposes of managing your account and keeping it in working order.
We may use your information to request feedback and contact you about your use of our App.
Also, we may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our App safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
We may use your information to enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. Also, we may use your personal information to respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. For example, when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our App, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, we will collect personal information from you. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time.
We also use your information to analyze and improve our Services. To accomplish this, we may use third party providers to gain insight into how Services are used and help us improve Services.
How information is shared
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose or when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
We may disclose your personal information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). Also, we may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technologies on the App, which will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you interact with our App over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, pages or features, and better understand online activity. Unless described in this notice, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
‍
Security of information we process
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguard and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and reliable, so we cannot promise or guarantee the security of information you transmit while using our App and Services. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk.
Your privacy rights
If you would like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can log in to your account settings and update your user account or contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the provided contact details. You will then be removed from the marketing email list - however, we may still communicate with you, for example to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
If you wish to opt-out from receiving push notifications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings. You can also opt-out of receiving certain notifications by going to Settings -> Notifications in the App.
‍
Data retention
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements).
Except for when you delete your account, we generally keep and process your personal information for as long as you have a user account. Additionally, we periodically review the need to store or delete your personal information if your account has been inactive. We consider your account inactive if you have been persistently inactive on our Services for a period of two (2) years. No purpose in this notice will require us to keep your personal information for longer than two (2) months past the termination of the user’s account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Children
Children under the age of 16 are not allowed to create an account or submit any personal data through the App. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take the required steps to delete that information from our database.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
This policy was last modified on February 25, 2022.