Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Shelter Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
“Aboba games company” has a strong tradition of honesty and fair dealing, and we strive to be transparent about our privacy practices. We provide this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use, share, and safeguard your personal information. This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices concerning your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to questions you may have about our privacy practices.
Who is processing your information?
Your information is being processed by “Aboba games company” and its employees. All the collected data is anonymized and consists only of user-experience analysis. Our aim is the enhancement of the final product solely, which is SHELTER the game.
2. What types of information do we collect?
We collect information about you in a variety of ways depending on how you interact with us and our products and services, including through the application Shelter, our Discord server others online and mobiles services, applications, and advertisements. Some of the information we collect includes personal information that can be used to identify you. The following provides an overview of the type of information that we collect from various sources.
(1) the purchase of goods or services through our in-game store,
(2) messages and other content posted on official discord server “Shelter”(Server ID:779760708656300042) or other official social media,
(3) Recruit-a-Friend emails,
(4) game results and statistics registration,
(5) consumer complaints,
(6) surveys,
(7) customer service or technical support,
(8) newsletters and notifications,
(9) Booking a game host through app or discord server,
(10) user ingame experience. Information collected may include your name, phone number, and/or e-mail address.
We do not require this information to gain access to all features of the “Shelter” app, however, you will not be able to utilize certain products, services, or features that require registration or receive materials such as newsletters, unless such information is provided.
(1) The purchase of goods or services through our in-game store: Information about purchased or obtained products or services and transaction histories. We collect transaction details related to the licensing and purchasing of our products and services. This is also working for the booking of the game host.
(2) Messages and other content posted on the official discord server “Shelter”(Server ID:779760708656300042) or other official social media: This content could be analyzed to bring new features into the game or fix any kind of bugs found by users.
(3) Recruit-a-Friend emails: This includes sharing player details between the game host and other players. We collect how many times this feature was used, do players receiving an email or message tend to download the app or not.
(4) Game results and statistics registration: We can register the results of the games. For example, who was kicked out during the game and on which part of the game it happened, what were the characteristics that the user had.
(5) Consumer complaints: We collect and use all the user complaints we can find.
(6) Surveys: Any information that users give to us in the form of surveys made by “Aboba game company” could be used to make any kind of statistics and analysis.
(7) Customer service or technical support: This includes collecting data on which screen some technical issues occurred, what is the phone model of a user, what operating system, and what version of it was used.
(8) Newsletters and notifications: Information about when the notification or a newsletter was sent and how the user responded to it.
(9) Booking a game host through an app or discord server: We collect information that was given to us by filling in the form to book your host. We also collect information from the survey users fill in after the game.
(10) User ingame experience: We collect all the information from the in-game experience. What screens were used, how often they were used, how many times buttons on screens were used, in what order screens were used, and so on.
3. Why do we process your information?
We process your information to make our game better. Statistics help us to understand what our users want from us and what features we have to develop. Without statistics, our team would not have an opportunity to analyse the in-game experience and make it better. We use some information for the administration of our business assets. This includes Payment Gateway Cost Analysis, Revenue and Sales Tax Preparation, Unclaimed Property Transfer.
4. What are the “Aboba game company” legal basis for processing your information?
Users consent to this privacy policy by using the app.
5. To whom may we share your information?
“Aboba game company” official discord server and other social media have message boards, forums, and/or chat areas, where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another. When posting to a message board, forum, or chat area, please be aware that the information is being made publicly available online and the user does so at his/her own risk. Some of “Aboba game company” products, services, and features require that we share information with (1) our partners and service providers, (2) with other players and/or the general public, (3) for legal reasons or in the event of a dispute.
(1) With partners and service providers. “Aboba game company” may provide information to its vendors, consultants, marketing partners, research firms, and other service providers or business partners. For example, we may provide information to such parties to help facilitate event ticket sales, conduct surveys on our behalf, and process payments for our products and/or games. We share some of our players’ game data with our community of developers, who create applications and websites that benefit our players' community.
(2) With other players and/or the general public. Information may be viewable by your friends, people in games, or the public in general if you play our games, use certain features in our games, use certain features on our platforms (such as chat applications on discord server) or make posts in the forums.
(3) For legal reasons or in the event of a dispute. “Aboba game company” may share your information if we believe it is required by applicable law, regulation, operating agreement, legal process, or governmental request. This includes sharing your information with law enforcement officials, government authorities, or other third parties necessary to enforce our user agreements or other policies to protect “Aboba game company” rights or property, or the rights or property of others, or in the event of a claim or dispute relating to your use of our services.
6. How long we will keep your data?
We will keep collected data for up to five years. After 5 years we will delete all the information even from third parties. This refers to all types of information we collect(All the types are mentioned in point number two).
7. Further Information or Complaints?
If you have questions or concerns regarding your information protection at “Aboba games company”, you may contact us by writing your complaint on this email: shelterthegame@gmail.com. Each EU Member State shall provide one or more independent public authority(ies) to be responsible for monitoring the application of the GDPR to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons in relation to the processing and to facilitate the free flow of personal information within the Union (‘supervisory authority). If you feel that the “Aboba game company” has violated your rights, or if you wish to raise a concern with the data protection authorities, please contact the supervisory authority in the country where you live, work, or where you believe a breach of data protection law has occurred
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it