This Zebra Privacy Policy ("
Privacy Policy
") describes how Zebra Technologies Corporation and its affiliates ("
Zebra
") collect, use, transfer, and disclose data including personally identifiable information (“
p
ersonal data
”) obtained through Zebra’s websites (the "
website(s)
") and via its product and service offerings. By using the website or submitting any personal data to Zebra, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Zebra
Terms of Use
.
This Privacy Policy also describes certain matters related to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. Zebra has certified it adheres to EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles.  Zebra adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to personal data transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to personal data transferred from Switzerland.  Click to learn more and view Zebra’s
Data Privacy Framework Policy
.
Zebra collects data to provide customers with products and services, and to operate Zebra’s business. Some of this data is provided directly, such as when you create a Zebra account, make a request on the website, attend an event or meeting, connect a Zebra device to the Internet or a cloud-storage service, provide equipment for maintenance, or contact Zebra for support or to perform other services.  Zebra receives some data by recording how users interact with Zebra products and services by, for example, using technologies like cookies, receiving error reports, usage data or location data from software running on Zebra products or from utilizing Zebra services. Zebra also collects data about customers from public sources and from Zebra's third-party partners and suppliers, such as a channel partner or from a supplier of data services.
The data Zebra collects can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Information, including personal data, collected through the website or through other means, may include name and salutation, job title, physical address, time zone, telephone number (including work or home office, mobile, and fax numbers), photograph, e-mail address, and other contact information. Zebra also collects marketing contacts and preferences (phone, email, postal mail, fax, and text messages), name and nature of your business, language preference, and delivery and fulfillment information. Zebra may access and/or collect information from a contact list or phonebook stored on a device for purposes of delivering a feature related thereto, such as printing or displaying contact list information.
Biometric data
. Zebra collects biometric information only when enabled by a customer as a part of a Zebra product or service offering. The storage of biometric information by these Zebra products or services is based on the customer's own data retention policies. In the event Zebra becomes responsible for biometric information, Zebra stores the biometric information for the period of time necessary to complete the action requested by the customer or individual for which the information was originally collected. In other instances, this information is not stored for longer than one year. Zebra does not sell biometric information.
Credentials
. Zebra collects information used for authentication and account access.
Payment data
. Zebra or its payment processor collects data necessary to process payments for purchases from Zebra, such as credit/debit card information, bank information, wire transfer and/or any other financial or payment information associated with a payment.
Usage data
. Zebra collects data about how users and devices interact with Zebra products and services. For example, Zebra collects:
Product use data
. Zebra collects product feature use data, website activity data, performance data, product preference information, purchase history, and the websites you visit.
Device data
. Zebra may collect data about a device, its operational state, configuration, past usage data, device performance data, and information on the network used to connect and use Zebra products. This includes data about the operating systems, applications and other software installed on the device, including product keys. This also includes internet protocol (IP) address, network authentication, medium access control (MAC) address, other device identifiers, regional and language settings. ZSB Series’ printers use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
,
including the Limited Use requirements.
Error reports and performance data
. Zebra collects data about the performance of Zebra products and problems experienced. This data helps diagnose problems in the products to improve Zebra’s products, and to provide solutions. Depending on product and settings, error reports may include data such as the type or severity of the problem, details of the software or hardware related to an error, device status, usage data, contents of data or files that were processing when an error occurred, and data about other devices, networks, or software with which the device interacts.
Support data
. When Zebra is engaged for support, Zebra’s contact with any data or information stored on a device will be incidental in most instances. Devices returned to Zebra for repair should be wiped of all data. Zebra will collect data about any hardware, software, and other details related to the support incident for the purpose of tracking device performance and product improvement.
Location data
. Zebra may collect data about your location, which can be either precise or imprecise. Precise location data can be global position system (GPS) data, as well as data identifying nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots Zebra collects when location-based products or features are enabled. Imprecise location data includes, for example, a location derived from your IP address or other data that indicates the geolocation of an IP address with less precision including latitude, longitude, city, region, country or postal code.
Cookies
. Websites may collect certain kinds of data which could encompass personal data during your visit, including through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files sent from a site to the hard drive of a user's device to store bits of information related to that user or device. Cookies can store information about the device and users, including IP addresses, navigational data, server information, data transfer times, user preferences, and passwords needed to access the special areas on Zebra websites. Zebra uses cookies to assist with the downloading of documents from websites and for other business purposes such as traffic analysis of Sites. If you choose to create a user profile, Zebra will use cookies to store the personal data for your profile. Your browser may be able to be configured to block, reject, remove or disable cookies and other tracking technologies. However, if you reject or remove cookies or other tracking technology, you might not be able to access certain pages or use important functions on websites, including downloading documents and establishing a user profile.
Other technology
. Websites also use IP addresses, log files and other technology to identify website problems and usage. Zebra also uses web beacons to perform standard traffic analysis on the websites in a manner similar to how Zebra uses cookies and to track website usage for statistical purposes. Zebra reserves the right to introduce new tracking technologies and techniques related to the use of the websites, although Zebra will do so subject to and in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.  Where Zebra uses Google Workspace APIs, such Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized artificial intelligence and/or machine learning models.
Zebra uses, discloses, transfers, and otherwise processes data, including personal data, in several ways. Zebra uses the data it collects for three basic purposes: (1) to process transactions for the sale and support of Zebra products and/or services, (2) to operate Zebra’s business, and to provide and support the products and services Zebra offers (including improving and personalizing), and (3) to send certain communications, including promotional communications. When customers place an order, Zebra uses the personal data provided, including any payment information necessary to provide the products or services requested.  If you create a user profile, Zebra will store personal data as requested to manage the profile and communicate with the user. If you request contact from Zebra or about Zebra products and/or services when using Zebra's websites or attending an event, such as requesting a meeting or demonstration, Zebra uses the personal data provided to process such request.
Zebra does not sell personal data.
Without limiting Zebra's obligations under its
Data Privacy Framework Policy
,
if you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to Zebra through the Sites may be transferred to the United States. Please also be aware that by using the websites and giving Zebra your information, you consent to such transfer. You also understand that the U.S. may not provide the same level of protections as the laws of your country. Personal data may also, subject to the requirements of applicable law, be used, disclosed and transferred to law enforcement personnel and other persons in situations where Zebra believes that it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal proceedings against someone who may be misusing the website, interfering with the rights of Zebra or other users, or when Zebra reasonably believes that the law requires or permits such disclosure.
Zebra shares personal data with consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product or service requested or authorized. Zebra also may disclose and transfer personal data to channel partners, strategic partners, suppliers and other third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and to assist with the operation of the websites and/or the associated business transactions.  If Zebra sells or divests all or part of its business, makes a transfer of assets, or otherwise becomes involved in a change of control transaction, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, Zebra may transfer personal data covered by this Privacy Policy to one or more third parties as part of the transaction including the due diligence process.
Additionally, Zebra will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data when Zebra has a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect Zebra customers, for example to prevent unsolicited emails or attempts to defraud users of Zebra products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of Zebra’s products and services, including to prevent or stop an attack on Zebra’s computer systems or networks; or
protect the rights or property of Zebra, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the products or services; however, if Zebra receives information indicating that someone is using Zebra products or services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property, Zebra may refer the matter to law enforcement.
Pursuant to applicable regulations, Zebra maintains reasonable technical and administrative procedures to protect data including personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. Zebra cannot guarantee any data’s absolute security or warrant the security of any data against any possible loss or unauthorized access.
For an overview, please review
Zebra's Technical and Organizational Measures
.
If you wish to access or update the personal data submitted through the websites, or to make any inquiries (including requests of cancellation or deletion) about the collection or processing of personal data, please contact Zebra as described below in the section labeled "Contact" or in the
Data Privacy Framework Policy
,
as applicable.  Zebra provides individuals with access to their personal data where required by applicable data protection and privacy laws. Individuals will be required to sufficiently verify their identity and declining to provide necessary information may prevent or limit Zebra’s ability to respond to your inquiry.
The statements set forth in this Privacy Policy are only for the website and Zebra's products and service offerings. Third-party websites, products, and services are the responsibility of those third parties and not Zebra, even if such third-party content is found via a link from a Zebra website or service offering. If you link to or otherwise visit a third-party website, you must review the privacy policies posted at those websites. Zebra has no control over third-party websites, products, and services and is not responsible or liable for the policies and practices followed by third parties.
Zebra will keep your data, which may include personal data, for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with products or services, to conduct legitimate business interests, and where otherwise required or permitted by law.
The
GDPR Addendum
applies
in circumstances where Zebra’s privacy practices are subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”). If applicable to you, the
GDPR Addendum
should
be read in conjunction with this Privacy Policy.
Effective January 1, 2020, under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("
CCPA
"), California residents have the following new rights in respect to their personal data:
The right to request the deletion of any personal data about the consumer that has been collected from the consumer;
The right to request disclosures regarding the collection of personal data;
The right to request disclosures regarding the sale of personal data or disclosures made for a business purpose;
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising rights under the CCPA;
The right to opt-out of the sale of personal data; and
The right to opt-in for any financial incentive programs.
Right to Deletion and Disclosure of Personal Data
Twice within a 12-month period, California residents, with whom Zebra has an established business relationship, may make a personal data request. Zebra will need to collect information from you to verify your identity before this request can be fulfilled. You may also request that personal data not being used for a business purpose be deleted.
A request may be made to access personal data by emailing Zebra at
privacy@zebra.com,
calling +1 (877) 561-8503, or writing to:
Zebra Technologies Corporation
3 Overlook Place
Lincolnshire, IL 60069
Attn: Privacy Office
Right to Opt-Out of Sales
For purposes of California law, Zebra does not sell personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration, or otherwise for a commercial purpose, including advertising. If you are a California resident, you may formally opt-out of any sale of your personal data to the extent enabled by California law by emailing Zebra at
privacy@zebra.com,
calling +1 (877) 561-8503, or writing to the above address.
Right to Not Be Discriminated Against
Zebra does not discriminate on the basis of consumer rights requests.
Right to Opt-Out
Zebra may use third-party ad servers (or ad networks) to deliver ads to you on Zebra's behalf. These third-party ad servers may collect and use certain information about your visits to the website in order to present advertisements that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice or to opt-out of having this information used by third-party ad servers to provide targeted ads, please visit the
NAI Opt-Out website
.
If you are currently receiving emails from Zebra and wish to be removed from a communication list, unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe link in at the footer of the email or visit Zebra's
Preference Center
to remove your email from Zebra's mailing list.
Zebra does not knowingly solicit children to purchase its services or products. Zebra's websites are not designed to attract children under the age of 13 and Zebra does not intentionally or knowingly collect personal data on its websites from anyone under the age of 13.
The following privacy statements apply to the indicated countries and Zebra affiliates:
Argentina -
Aviso de Privacidad Para Argentina
Brazil -
Aviso de Privacidade Para o Brasil
Chile -
Politica de Privacidad y Manejo de Dato Para Chile
Colombia -
Politica de Tratamiento de Datos Personales
Israel -
Israel Privacy Statement
México -
Aviso de Privacidad Integral Para México
United Kingdom -
United Kingdom Privacy Statement
Saudi Arabia -
Saudi Arabia Privacy Statement
South Africa -
South Africa Privacy Statement
Switzerland -
Swiss Privacy Statement
Turkey -
Turkey Privacy Statement
Effective June 3, 2022, Matrox Electronic Systems Ltd. and Matrox International Corp. are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Zebra. Zebra's
Terms of Use
and this Privacy Policy
apply to all transactions and the collection and processing of personal data performed by Matrox Electronic Systems Ltd. and Matrox International Corp. For purposes of clarity, Zebra's
Terms of Use
and this Privacy Policy do not apply to any other Matrox entities other than the ones named in this section.
Zebra reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in compliance with applicable legal, contractual, and regulatory requirements. Please thoroughly review this Privacy Policy each time before you submit any personal data via the website or any product or service.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Zebra at:
Zebra Technologies Corporation
3 Overlook Point
Lincolnshire, IL 60069 USA
Attn: Privacy Office
Email:
privacy@zebra.com
Phone: +1 (847) 464-8010
Last updated on December 19, 2024
Loading...
Cookie use
This site uses cookies to provide an improved digital experience. You can learn more about the cookies we use as well as how you can change your preferences by clicking Cookie Settings.. By continuing to use this site without changing your preferences, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Reject All
Accept Cookies
Cookie Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
By accepting recommended cookies all cookie categories will be set to "On".
More information
Accept Recommended Cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Back Button
Back
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.zebra.com/content/dam/zebra/corporate-policies/en/privacy-shield-policy-en-us.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.zebra.com/content/dam/zebra_dam/en/policies/corporate/israel-privacy-statement-policy-corporate-en-us.pdf:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.zebra.com/content/dam/zebra_dam/en_gb/policies/corporate/united-kingdom-privacy-statement-en-gb.pdf:

Sub-policy 3
https://www.zebra.com/content/dam/zebra_dam/en/policies/corporate/saudi-arabia-privacy-statement-policy-corporate-en-us.pdf:

Sub-policy 4
https://www.zebra.com/content/dam/zebra_dam/en_gb/policies/corporate/ZTC_POPIA_Addendum2021.pdf:

Sub-policy 5
https://www.zebra.com/content/dam/zebra_dam/en/policies/corporate/swiss-policy-corporate-privacy-statement-en-us.pdf:

Sub-policy 6
https://www.zebra.com/content/dam/zebra_dam/en/policies/corporate/turkey-privacy-statement-policy-corporate-en-us.pdf:
