PRIVACY POLICY
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
This
 Privacy Policy (“Policy”) provides important information regarding 
Abdul Ghafoor Games Production, Abdul Ghafoor Games Production ( “we” or
 “our”) in respect to user information collected through our mobile 
applications and the use of the information.
1. Personal and non-personal information:
We
 understand the importance of our users’ personal information, and more 
importantly the information pertaining to children under 13 years of 
age. We do not collect or require users to enter their personal 
information when using our Products. We do not collect any personal 
information from children with our Products.
In
 our ad-supported apps our third-party Ad SDK's may use the IP address 
and mobile advertising ID of your device in order to show 
non-personalized ads. Please refer to our Data Policy below for details,
 including how to opt out of such usage.
2. COPPA:
We
 comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not 
knowingly collect personal information on children under the age of 13. 
When a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13
 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect,
 store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal 
information of such user.
3. Data retention:
If
 we do happen to obtain any personal information, including emails or 
phone numbers perhaps obtained through support requests or other 
correspondence, it will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. 
Any such personal information will never be shared with any other 
entities. Any such personal information will not be retained beyond the 
resolution of the support request or other correspondence.
4. Anonymous usage information:
Our apps and websites may collect anonymous usage information to help improve the quality of our services and applications.
5. Internet permissions:
Our
 apps do typically require internet permissions, for the purpose of 
providing links to the app store entry of our products and to collect 
anonymous usage information (see above).
6. In-app purchases:
Our apps may contain in-app purchases (IAP’s).
7. Advertising:
Some
 of our apps contain third-party advertising. We may occasionally 
promote other products of our own within our apps. We may occasionally 
cross-promote the products of other affiliated developers that offer 
similar products and share similar values as expressed on their own 
published privacy policies.
8. Social media:
Our
 apps do not interact with any social media sites. We may provide links 
to our own social media sites for the purpose of providing support and 
product information.
Data Policy
9. Advirtising
Many
 of our apps use advertising to provide the content free of charge. When
 you use these apps your device automatically sends certain information 
to our advertising partners Admob, Chartboost and Unity Ads. This 
information includes, for example, the name of the app, the device type,
 and the advertising ID.
The
 information gathered is solely used to provide our advertising partners
 with the bare minimum of information they need to provide their 
services and combat click fraud. Within the EU, we serve house ads which
 collects zero data, non-personalized ads, or consent is collected via 
the Unity Ads SDK.
PRIVACY POLICY
Please find the list of third party advirtising companies and sdk's below:
Kids Games:
AdMob (Kid Safe Ads) - https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
UnityAds - https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost - https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
General Games:
AdMob (Kid Safe Ads) - https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
UnityAds - https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost - https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Audience Network - https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/optimization/best-practices/an-policy/
Game Analytics - https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/
10. Amendments.
We
 may amend our privacy policy from time to time by posting the amended 
Policy on our website, without directly informing our users. Therefore 
we encourage our users to review this policy frequently. Abdul Ghafoor 
Games Production reserves all rights and interpretation to the Policy 
and its amendments.
11. Contact us.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at gladiatorsinc419@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments