This policy applies to all information collected or submitted in our apps for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
Information we collect
We do not collect any information. All information is stored on the user’s device and/or synched to the user’s icloud account.
Technical basics
If you enable notifications, we must store a token to send them. We never use notifications for marketing. iCloud Zero To 5k doesn’t store data in Apple’s iCloud service.
Ads and analytics
There are no ads in the app Information usage We do not share personal information with outside parties.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure. For instance, all communication with the app and website requires HTTPS with certificate pinning. Passwords are hashed, not stored, using industry-standard methods (currently bcrypt).
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using Zero To 5K and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Summary of changes so far:
January 2, 2021: First Publish
December 15: First draft