PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated 04/20/2020
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Dani Lao’s pineappslab (“company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at pineappslab@gmail.com.
When you visit our mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Apps and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our mobile application, (“
Apps
”), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the “
Sites
”).
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Apps. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Apps, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short:
We may collect information regarding your mobile device, push notifications, when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s camera or gallery. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data.
We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.
Push Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests (“Business Purposes”), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you (“Contractual”), with your consent (“Consent”), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations (“Legal Reasons”). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
For other Business Purposes.
We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Apps, products, services, marketing and your experience.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent:
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests:
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract:
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests:
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Offer Wall.
Our Apps may display a third-party hosted “offer wall.” Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall may appear in our mobile application and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information. When you click on an offer wall, you will leave our mobile application. A unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account.
4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
In Short:
We only share information with the following third parties.
We only share and disclose your information with the following third parties. We have categorized each party so that you may be easily understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us.
Advertising, Direct Marketing, and Lead Generation
and
Google AdSense
AdMob
Website Performance Monitoring
and
Firebase Crash Reporting
Crashlytics
Website Testing
TestFlight
5. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short:
If you choose to register or log in to our websites using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Some of our Apps offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, e-mail address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the Apps. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
6. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short:
We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our websites.
The Apps may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Apps. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
pineappslab@gmail.com
.
8. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
9. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at pineappslab@gmail.com