Privacy Policy (Pass Track)
This page is used to apprise the visitors about the privacy policy of the “
Pass Track Application
”
        regarding the use and disclosure of Personal Information. If you are choosing to use our application, then you must have to
        agree to the use of information concerning this policy.
Who is the owner of this application?
National Information Technology Board (NITB) is the official serviceability or functionality and technology owner
        of this application. This admireable digital initiative is officially developed, designed and managed by the
        National Information Technology Board (NITB), commissioned by the
Ministry of Information technology &
            Telecom (MoITT)
.
What data is collected by the app?
“
Pass Track
” application is developed with a vision to facilitate the travellers in Currency Declaration while travelling to/from
        Pakistan. The application is designed with a purpose to combat corruption and control its spread in Pakistan. Pass Track
        App aimed to maintain the entire Currency Declaration history of international passengers.
For a better experience, while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
        detectable information. This application collects the foundational data about the user i.e. Name,
        E-mail Address, Phone Number,Passport Number,CNIC,Date of Birth, Flight Number, Travelling from country,
        Departure and arrival date and address. The data will be hosted in National Data Center, and will be available
        to the Government of Pakistan Concern Departments, who are responsible in managing of the passengers/ visitors.
The data collected by the application i.e. “
Pass Track
” is an asset to the Government of
        Pakistan and hereby
        stored in National Data Centre. The secrecy of user data is kept in compliance with international standards.
        This application does not have any external link to any websites. Application has no control over and assumes
        zero responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. The
        personal data of the user will not be used or shared with any third party except as mentioned in this Privacy
        Policy.
Pass Track requires access permission to the camera, phone, audio, video and file data. The Government of
        Pakistan will solemnly use your data for the boarding process.
What is the legal basis for the collection?
The Government of Pakistan under the provisions and laws of the country can hold the information provided by the
        citizen. The information provided by the user is particularly used for providing services offered within this
        app in compliance with the data and information security.
For which specific purpose the data is collected?
Learning more about users, the app performs functions to facilitate the users in registering and availing
        multiple services provided within the application. The data of citizens is collected to maintain the record. The
        Pass Track application house owners are licensed to view the information and share it with the relevant
        authorities if required.
Which third parties will have access to your information?
This application has neither outside hyperlinks to any website nor outside websites that can be operated or
        related by us. This application has zero management over and assumes no duty for the content, privacy policies,
        or practices of any third-party websites or services. The non-public information of the users is not going to be
        used or shared with any third-celebration group besides as described on this Privacy Policy.
What rights do users have?
The Personal Information collected is used for providing and improving the service. The users have all the right
        to view their data or information from this application. The users must also refrain from doing what is
        prohibited and are advised to contact customer support for any concerns.
“
Pass Track
” application owners retain the right to delete or terminate any user. The citizens have the
        right to avail of one or all the features/services pledged by the application. The users are also restricted
        from any unwanted, undesirable behavior and activity on the mobile application no matter how small-scale it is.
The effective date of the privacy policy
The privacy policy is enforced with effect from 23rd August 2021.