Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy
By downloading or using any application published by AppTout, LLC, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should therefore make sure you read them carefully before using any application published by AppTout, LLC.
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Collection of Information
When visiting AppTout.com, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Determining and Sharing Location and Data
If you have ‘background location’ turned on, our apps will, from time to time, tell us about your device’s location even if you are not directly interacting with the application along with your advertising identification ID. Collected data will be used, and may be shared with any third party.
—————————————————————–
AppTout, LLC Children’s Privacy Policy
This Children’s Privacy Policy provides further information and privacy protections for children who are under 13 years of age.
Information Collection and Use
Under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, no operator can require, as a condition to participation in an activity, that a child younger than 13 years of age disclose more information than is reasonably necessary. AppTout, LLC complies with this requirement. AppTout, LLC only collects information voluntarily provided; no information is collected passively. Children under 13 can submit only their e-mail address when sending us an e-mail in our “Contact Us” section. AppTout, LLC uses the e-mail address to respond to a one-time request from a child under 13 and then deletes the e-mail address.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
AppTout, LLC does not share children’s personally identifiable information with anyone, except as herein set forth. No information collected from children under 13 is used for any marketing or promotional activities. We may disclose children’s personally identifiable information in order to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, to the extent permitted by law. Any companies that work on our behalf will not be provided any personally identifiable information we have been voluntarily provided.
Ability to Update or Delete Information
In the event that AppTout, LLC collects and retains any personal information pertaining to a child under 13, the parent may send an e-mail to us at info@apptout.com to review, change and/or delete such information as well as to refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child’s information.
© 2023 AppTout, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service
|
Privacy Policy
Home
Contact