Phone:
+44 (0) 208 861 1946
Email:
sales@transmach.co.uk
Home
Ticket Machines
On Bus Machine
TM 500
Portable Machine
TM 920
Services
News
Contact Us
MENU +
Home
Ticket Machines
- On Bus Machine
- - TM 500
- Portable Machine
- - TM 920
Services
News
Contact Us
TransMach Systems Ltd (“we’ or “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. Our Privacy policy explains how we collect, use and protect information about you in the scenarios that are described in section to below. By taking any of the actions listed within that section, you agree that we may collect and use your information in the ways described in this privacy policy.
Topics covered in our privacy policy:
Who we are
How we collect information
What we use your information for
Sharing your information
Cookies and Traffic data
Your information
Changes to our privacy policy
Security and storage of information
Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Transfer
Retention Period
Opt-out procedure
Other Sites
Further Information
1. Who we are
We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 7740860. Our registered office is at Unit D1, Phoenix Business Centre, Rosslyn Crescent, Harrow HA1 2SP, UK.
For details of how to contact us, please refer to the
Contact Us
page.
2. How we collect information
We will collect information from you if you:
Register to use our website; this will include your name, address, email address and telephone number. We may ask you to provide additional information about your business and preferences on a voluntary basis.
Place an order for products or services on our website, this will include your name (including business name), address, contact details (including telephone number and email address) and your payment details.
Complete online forms (including callback requests), take part in surveys, write posts on any message boards, post any blogs, enter any competitions or prize draws, download information such as white papers or other publications, or participate in any other interactive areas that appear on our website or which we offer to you from time to time.
Provide your contact details to us when registering to use or accessing any product or service we provide (including any Apps we may offer).
Contact us offline for example by telephone, fax, email or post.
Visit or browse our website, this will include information about your website visit or use of our products or services using cookies or similar technologies (as described in section 5 below).
3. What we use your information for
We will use your personal information to provide any information on services that you have requested or any products that you have ordered.  We may also contact you for feedback on your use of our products, services or our website. We may use your personal data for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve TransMach’s products, services, website, and customer communications.
We may also use your information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.  Because this information is important and sometimes critical, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
Marketing
From time to time, we may use your information to contact you with details about our products and services which we feel may be of interest to you.  We may wish to contact you for this purpose by telephone, post or email.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.  If you wish not to be contacted by us and/or our 3rd parties’ partners, you can send us an email with your request to
sales@transmach.co.uk
.
4. Sharing your information
We may share your information with:
Our suppliers, business partners and group companies from time to time so they can provide you with any information, products or services that you have requested.
With third party businesses with whom we are collaborating to provide a service to you, so that this service can be provided. For example if you apply for Online booking engine we will share relevant information about you to our merchant account service provider. That third party may also wish to use your information for other purposes and that third party should inform you of those purposes. We therefore encourage you to read any third party´s privacy policies.
Third parties which supply services to us or which process information on our behalf (for example, payment providers and website hosts where relevant). These third parties may have incidental access to your information, but we will ensure that they keep your information secure and do not use it for their own purposes.
Another organisation if we sell or buy (or negotiate to sell or buy) any business or assets.
Another organisation to whom we transfer our agreement with you.
With our funders or potential funders, such as our bank and with our professional advisers who have a reasonable need to see it.
We may pass collective information about the use of our website or our products or services to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
We will disclose your information if we are required to by law. We may disclose your information to enforcement authorities if they ask us to, or to a third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings, provided we can do so without breaching data protection laws.
5. Cookies and Traffic data
Cookies are small text files which are transferred from our website, product or service and stored on your computer's hard drive.  They are widely used in order to help websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide general usage information to the owners of the site.  We're currently looking into making further improvements to our privacy policy and how cookies are managed on our website, so please check back here for updates.
There are different types of cookies
Session Cookies
- We use session cookies on our websites and in some of our products or services to identify and track users and to remember what is in your shopping basket (where relevant) and we also use session cookies in the VSP Admin reporting system to remember customer information used to complete transactions through the VSP Terminal.  Our session cookies may contain your customer account number, company name and email address. These session cookies are deleted when you close your browser or leave your session in the product or service.
Persistent Cookies
- Persistent cookies enable our website, product or service to “remember who you are” and to remember your preferences on our website. Persistent cookies will stay on your computer or device after you close your browser or leave your session in the product or service.
Web analytics and similar services
- Our website uses web analytics services. Web analytics cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and see how they move around the website, product or service. This helps us make our service to you better. We also use cookies and similar software known as web beacons or pixels to count users who have visited our website after clicking through from one of our advertisements on another website or in emails and to collect details of any products purchased.  These web beacons collect limited information which does not identify particular individuals.  It is not possible to refuse the use of web beacons.  However, because they are used in conjunction with cookies, you can effectively disable them by setting your browser to restrict or block cookies. We keep a record of traffic data which is logged automatically by our server, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the website that you visited before ours, the website you visit after leaving our site. We also collect some site, product and service statistics such as access rates, page hits and page views. We are not able to identify any individual from traffic data or site statistics.
How to disable cookies
Most web browsers allow some control to restrict or block cookies if you wish, however if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website, products or services.
6. Your information
If we hold any information about you which is incorrect or if there are any changes to your details please let us know so that we can keep our records accurate and up to date. If you would like to update your records or see a copy of the information that we hold about you, you can contact us at Data Protection Officer, TransMach Systems Ltd, Unit D1, Phoenix Business Centre, Rosslyn Crescent, Harrow HA1 2SP, UK or by email at
sales@transmach.co.uk
. If you request a copy of your information you will need to pay a statutory fee which is currently £10.
7. Changes to our privacy policy
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We will always update the privacy policy on our website, so please try to read it when you visit the website.
8. Security and storage of information
We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Some communications sent over the internet, such as email, may not be secured unless they are encrypted.  Although we do our best to monitor and improve how we protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data which is transmitted to our website or other products and services via an internet or similar connection and any transmission of data to our site is at your own risk. We do however use secure connections in our online form and ticketing portals so please use these pages when providing us with sensitive information.
If we have given you (or you have chosen) a password to access certain areas of our website, product or service please keep this password safe - we will not share this password with anyone.
Personal data stored in secure environment in the UK. We do not store your payment card information.
9. Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Transfer
Our services are global and Data (including Personal Data) may be stored and processed in any country where we have operations or where we engage service providers, and we may transfer Data to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. However, we will take measures to ensure that any such transfers comply with applicable data protection laws and that Your Data remains protected to the standards described in this privacy policy. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access Your Personal Data.
10. Retention Period
Personal information will be retained for as long as the purpose for which it was collected continues, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. It will then be destroyed although copies may be retained if required to satisfy our legal, regulatory or accounting requirements.
11. Opt-out procedure
For some types of marketing communications, our site may provide an opt-in and opt-out facility so that you only receive those communications if you choose to. Whenever we send you a communication we will also give you the opportunity to request your details to be removed from our marketing list.
At any time you can access your account and change your status indicating whether you want to opt-in or opt-out of receiving those communications. Or you can write to us at Data Protection Officer, TransMach Systems Ltd, Unit D1, Phoenix Business Centre, Rosslyn Crescent, Harrow HA1 2SP, UK or by email at
sales@transmach.co.uk
.
12. Other Sites
If you follow a link from our website, product or service to another site or service, this policy will no longer apply. We are not responsible for the information handling practices of third party sites or services and we encourage you to read the privacy policies appearing on those sites or services.
13. Further Information
If you would like further information about data protection, or if you would like to view the register of Data Controllers, you can visit the Information Commissioner's site at
www.ico.org.uk
.
Thank you for visiting our website.
2025
© Copyright
TransMach Systems Limited