PRIVACY POLICY
mightyIT Apps do collects user information from you so that we can provide a rich and better user experience. We are very concerned about your Privacy. And this Privacy policy explains how we use, protect user information.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
Information  about how we use the user data
-
User Location
: mightyIT app may take user location with user consent for some apps to work properly and give the required services.
-
Camera  Permission
: App will access your camera only after you give us your consent.
-
Phone Number/SIM Details
: With your consent, we collect your phone number and SIM information to ensure that requests made through the app originate from authorized devices. This helps in maintaining the integrity and security of our services.
The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you only when necessary. We do not share this information with external parties except as described in this policy
How we protect your information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information, including your phone number and other details.
Information we get from your use of our services
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). App will not share that information with third parties.
Third-party Advertisers
Admob Ads Privacy Policy：click and jump to
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
User Consent
We obtain your consent before collecting any personal data. Consent is explicitly obtained through a disclosure and consent screen within the app that details the data collected and its usage. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
User Rights
You have the right to access, correct, and delete your personal data. For requests, please email us at
it@memighty.com
. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please email us at
it@memighty.com
.
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the 
policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along 
with the updated Privacy Policy.