Privacy Policy
St. Paul's CU
2022-08-19T11:12:26+00:00
Privacy Statement
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with www.stpaulscu.ie. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identified as such. Any exchange of information with third party websites is not covered by this Privacy Statement and users are encouraged to review the privacy statement of any third party before submitting personal information.
St.Paul’s Garda Credit Union fully respects your privacy and will not collect any personal information about you without your consent. Any information you volunteer, for example by email or through online feedback forms, will not be made available to third parties, and is used by the St.Paul’s only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. Personal data may be anonymised and used for statistical purposes. In certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose personal information relating to you to third parties in order to comply with requirements of law.
If at any time you decide that you no longer wish us to hold the personal information provided, or in the case that the information changes or becomes inaccurate, you should notify us by phone, email or post using the contact details below and we will remove or rectify the information as soon as practicable and in any event within 40 days of a written request being received.
Use of Technical Information
A cookie is a small piece of information sent to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information back from the browser. This website does not force cookies. To ensure your cookie settings are to your preference you should modify your personal browser preferences.
Technical details relating to visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected by us that could be used by us to identify website visitors.
Disclaimer
While every care has been taken in compiling the information contained on this website, we do not make any representations as to the completeness, accuracy or up-to-date nature of such information. We do not accept any liability for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from reliance on any of the contents on this website.
We do not guarantee or warrant that the use of this website, or any material downloaded from it or any website linked to will not cause damage to property including but not limited to loss of data or computer virus infection. In no event will we be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the access, use or performance of this website or any of its contents.
No document on this website is a legal interpretation and should not be seen as such. The information contained on this website is of a general nature and appropriate professional advice should be sought before acting or refraining to act in relation to a specific issue.
Viewing any of the pages on this website automatically binds you to these legal conditions.
The St.Paul’s does not endorse the usage of any of the social networking websites mentioned on this website nor does it take any responsibility for the content contained on them.