Privacy Policy
Devcro ("we", "us" or "our") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you").  This Privacy Policy (this "Policy") describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, and data that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites, including www.devcro.com (the "Sites") or any Devcro game/application provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android) (collectively, the "Service(s)").
If you choose to use Devcro Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and
    improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
    in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
- Contact information (such as name and email address)
- Automatically collected data (for example IP Address, your device's operating system, language etc.)
- Mobile device identifiers (for example:your unique device ID, MAC(medial access control) address, IMEI(international mobile equipment identity)
- The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you such as
Google ads
- Our Services may include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook/Instagram/Twitter buttons which may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are hosted by a third party and your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Advertising
We may feature advertisements in our Services, both ourselves and with the help of our partners, and collect and use data and information about you and your device in connection with such advertising, including your viewing of and interaction with any such advertising, in order to deliver, enable, target and optimize advertising and promotional information that is more relevant to you and is based on your game and device usage, online behavior and interests. We and our partners may also use cookies or similar tracking technologies to track the content you access or your device location for purposes of interest based advertising. The privacy policies of our partners may include additional terms and disclosures regarding  their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
Advertisers on mobile devices and our third party advertising and analytics partners sometimes collect and use Advertising IDs to enable and optimize advertising. Advertising IDs are non-permanent device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising.
These advertisers and third party advertising and analytics partners may collect and use data and information about you, such as your Service session activity, viewing of and interaction with an advertisement, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address for the purposes of analyzing, tracking and measuring advertisement performance and to provide interest based advertising.
Currently, our advertisin partners include Google's AdMob and Unity Ads. They are used to serve advertisements in our Services, as described above. Other partners may be added in the future.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services.  After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service.  In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser or third party advertiser or analytics partner.
Cookies
This Services does not uses these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code
    and libraries that use "cookies" to collection information and to improve their services. You
    have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent
    to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
    this Service.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect
    data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
    may include information such as your devices's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name,
    operating system version, configuration of the app when utilising our Service, the time and date
    of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform Service-related services
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
    Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
    are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
    commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
    guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
    directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, We
    strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and
    assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party
    sites or services.
Children's Privacy
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal
    identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13
    has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you
    are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
    information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
    periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
    on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
CONTACT
us.