Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for
autobizline.com, mysecondline.com,
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website and its mobile apps. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website and mobile apps, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect against the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contacts from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We only ask for personal data when we need it for business purposes or to provide you with relevant information. You generally have the opportunity to agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of the information you’ve provided. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, apply for phone number for you, or to improve the service experience for you.
The following lists the information and purposes that the App may obtain during your registration and use of the App. Please note it’s optional and not all of the information are collected for every day user.
Personal Information:
Name, User ID, Email Address, Address, Phone Number.
Purpose: #1, #2, #4, #5
Location Approximate:
Location (IP Address).
Purpose: #2, #4, #6
Device Information:
Device ID, Device Model, Operating System. Purpose: #1, #2, #4, #5, #6
Local Files:
Audio, Video, Pictures, Documents. Purpose: #1, #4
Telephony Logs:
Chat History, Call History, Time, Duration, and Messages (including SMS and MMS). Purpose: #1, #4
App Information:
App Performance, App Interactions, Crash Logs, Diagnostics. Purpose: #2, #3
Contacts:
Contacts from your device address book. The App transmits contacts to make it easy for you to text or call them in the app. Purpose: #1
Identity Information:
To get phone numbers from some countries, the phone number carrier may require some information to complete identity verification, including but not limited to your ID document, passport, utility bills, tax notice, lease contract, business registration, etc. Purpose: #1, #4, #7
Usage Purpose:
#1 App functionality: Ensure that the basic functions of the app can be used normally.
#2 Analytics: Analyze the activity and status of the App to improve service
#3 Developer communications: Send promotions, news, or notifications about the app.
#4 Fraud prevention, security, and compliance: Protect your account security and prevent fraudulent activities in the App.
#5 Advertising or marketing
#6 Personalization: Provide personalized experience and promotions for different types of users.
#7 Identity verification: To get phone numbers from certain countries, it requires verifying your identity.
App usage info sharing with Apple:
To ensure transparency and compliance with App Store policies, we inform our users that we will submit usage information to Apple in case of a refund request. This information helps Apple determine the eligibility of the refund request. By using this app, you acknowledge and agree that usage information may be shared with Apple solely for refund evaluation purposes. This data sharing is conducted under our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and is solely used to evaluate the refund request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Related to Google Advertising
Use of Google Analytics Advertising Features
We use Google Analytics Advertising Features to enhance your experience and provide targeted advertising, including:
Remarketing with Google Analytics.
Google Display Network Impression Reporting.
Demographics and Interest Reporting.
Data Collection and Sharing
We, along with third-party vendors, use cookies (e.g., Google Analytics cookies) and identifiers to:
Analyze user interactions with our site/app.
Deliver interest-based advertising.
Measure campaign effectiveness.
Third parties may place and read cookies or use web beacons. For more details, visit
How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.
Opt-Out Options
You can opt out of personalized ads and tracking through:
Google Ads Settings.
Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
Device privacy settings for mobile apps.
Visit
NAI’s opt-out page
for additional choices.
Your Rights
You can manage or delete data collected by Google via
Google’s My Activity
or contact us to access or delete your data.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Under GDPR, you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number on our website:
See what data we have about you if any.
See your data that we collected to transfer to another organization.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Limit or object to the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If for whatever reason you no longer want us to use your personal data, you’re free to change your mind. We will always comply with your request unless we’re legally required to keep your data. When you choose to delete your personal data, we hold the right to hold onto anonymized and aggregated data. If we do so, nothing will be able to identify you as a person in any way. If we’re required to retain your information for legal reasons, we will let you know in response to your request.
CCPA Data Protection Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. Under CCPA, you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number on our website:
Access the data we collected from you
Opt-out of sale of your personal information
Delete your personal data
Access the data portability under certain circumstances
Your Use of Passwords or User Identifications
Except as specifically permitted by this privacy policy or other instructions regarding the use of our Services you may not lend, give, or otherwise disclose any passwords or user identifications to any unauthorized person, or permit any unauthorized person to use your accounts, related passwords, or user identifications.  Any loss of control of passwords or user identifications may result in the loss of control over personal data.  You will be responsible for any actions taken on your behalf or any person using your passwords or user identifications.  If passwords or user identifications have been compromised for any reason, then you should immediately notify us so that we may issue you new passwords or user identifications.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and securely transmitted to us. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
We do not hold any sensitive information (such as credit card data) from you.
Users from Europe
If you are sending the fax from the EU, you have to read the privacy policy specified in this section.  If you do not agree to this policy, do not use us.
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller.
Data protection law provides you with rights in respect of Personal Data that we hold about you, including the right to request a copy of the Personal Data, request that we restrict or delete your Personal Data.
Children’s Privacy
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 18. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under 18. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this App or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us.
Links to other Web sites and Third-Party Ads
The Service contains websites with links maintained by third parties. We allow third parties, including business partners, advertising networks, and other advertising service providers, to collect information about your online activities. We are not responsible for the content privacy practices of these third parties
Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an online survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Publishers of applications for smartphones to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID, Device ID, other available electronic identifiers, and further response meta-data is automatically sent, via our app, to Pollfish servers, for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully the Pollfish respondent terms located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. Pollfish may share such data with third parties, clients, and business partners, for commercial purposes. By downloading the application, you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by visiting the following link https://www.pollfish.com/respondent/opt-out. We once more invite you to check the Pollfish respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have a more detailed view of the way Pollfish works and with whom Pollfish may further share your data.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose information that we collect or you provide as described in this
privacy
policy
:
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of AutoBizLine Inc.’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by AutoBizLine, Inc. about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use (
https://autobizline.com/terms-of-use/
) and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of AutoBizLine, Inc., our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Changes to the privacy policy
This Privacy policy may change from time to time.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
APPLE, GOOGLE, AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at
support@autobizline.com
Updated Date: 11/21/2024