DATA PROTECTION AT TIPPERARY CREDIT UNION
One of the biggest changes to Irish Data Privacy Law comes into effect on 25th May 2018. On that date, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will be introduced, to strengthen data protection and to make it easier for you to access your personal information and control how it is used.
KEY ASPECTS OF GDPR
As a member of member of Tipperary Credit Union, you frequently share information with us. In doing so we take your privacy seriously and we put a strong emphasis on protecting your data. We understand that you trust us to protect your information and to process, share and retain this data in a secure and confidential manner.
THE GDPR will give you greater control over your personal information by setting out additional and more clearly defined privacy rights, which you can exercise. You have rights which allow you to address any concerns or queries regarding the processing of your personal data, including the right to
:
Be informed about the processing of your personal information
Receive copies of your information
Have inaccuracies/incomplete information corrected and updated
Object to particular use of your personal data for our legitimate business interests or direct marketing purposes
In certain circumstances have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted
Exercise the right to data portability i.e. transfer a copy of your information to another provider
Withdraw consent at any time where processing is based on consent
Our Data Privacy Statement and website (www.tipperarycu.ie) explains how we collect personal information about you, how we use it and how you can interact with us about it.  We may change this notice from time to time, in whole or part, at our sole discretion or to fulfil a legal obligation.
HOW HAS TIPPERARY CREDIT UNION PREPARED FOR GDPR?
At Tipperary Credit Union, we have prepared for GDPR in a proactive manner. We have been actively implementing the changes required in order to remain compliant under the new regulation. We have demonstrated and documented
accountability
through a number of technical and organisational measures these include:
Appointment of a Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Tipperary Credit Union has appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee the transition into GDPR and act as a point of contact for members, staff and the supervisory authority. Our Data Protection Officer oversees how we collect, use, share and protect your information to ensure your rights are fulfilled.
Data Minimisation & Privacy by Design
We have reviewed and amended existing application forms and updated them accordingly so that they are aligned with the principles of the GDPR
Policy Updates
We have reviewed and updated Tipperary Credit Union’s data protection policies and also provided a data protection privacy notice which has been made available to all staff and members
New Data Register
We have conducted a data audit to identify all personal data held by Tipperary Credit Union and recorded the legal basis for processing such data
Staff training
We have conducted regular and appropriate staff training for GDPR readiness
Outsourcing Policies
We have contacted any data processors we share information with to ensure they too are GDPR compliant with their own policies and procedures
Revision of Internal Controls
We have revised internal controls and undertaken GDPR readiness assessments
WHAT DOES GDPR MEAN FOR YOU?
Tipperary Credit Union has always appreciated your trust in us to collect, process and protect your information. As a data controller and processor of your personal data, we will continue to operate in a transparent manner and continue to minimise the risk of unfair outcomes for our customers or impact on their data rights.   We will continue to safeguard your personal data by maintaining our strong security mechanisms and technologies already in place  as your data security is paramount in our organisation.
We will continue to manage processes and systems to improve our level of member service while providing you with the assurance that your information is safe and secure in line with and use your personal date and develop a strong risk culture and putting security at the front of our priority. Tipperary Credit Union takes privacy and the protection of personal data belonging to our members and staff very seriously. We treat information belonging to our members and staff with the highest priority in terms of security and we will continue to implement this strategy going forward. Therefore, we fully support the enhancements to data protection which will be introduced by GDPR.
GDPR increases and reinforces the rights of individuals in relation to the information we hold about them. Being transparent and providing accessible information to members about how we process their personal information is a key element of GDPR.
What do you need to do?
The changes described above are purely to enhance your understanding of GDPR and to clarify your rights under the new regulations.
Please take some time to read our updated Privacy Notices below for more detailed information on how we use your information and your rights.
NEED MORE INFORMATION?
If you have any questions in relation to GDPR, please call us on
062 80400
or email us at
dpo@tipperarycu.ie
.
RIGHT OF ACCESS
You have a right to a copy of your personal data held by this credit union. Therefore, you may at any time submit a written subject access request to Tipperary Credit Union by post, fax or email.  The credit union will reply to your request within 1 month of receipt of the written or emailed request.
A Subject Access Request should be addressed to:
Data Protection Officer, Tipperary Credit Union, Emmet Street, Tipperary
and must include sufficient details to identify the person concerned and to help locate all relevant information.
Downloads
Privacy Notices
Our Privacy Notices  provide our members with information about the ways in which we collect, use, secure, retain, share and update the personal data provided by our members. Please click on any of the links below to view the notice (PDF).
General Privacy Notice
Lending Privacy Notice
Mortgage Privacy Notice
SME Loans – Agri and Business Lending Privacy Notice
Account Opening Privacy Notice
Debit Card Privacy Policy
Debit Card Privacy Policy Transact Payments Limited
Recruitment Privacy Notice
Third Party  Privacy Notice
Data Subject Access Request Form
Other Policies and Links
Our Cookie Policy
Disputes and Complaints
GDPR Information from the Data Protection website
GDPR and Data Privacy Information Leaflets
ILCU Information Flyer
TCU GDPR Information Flyer
TCU GDPR Information Poster
ILCU GDPR Information Flyer
If you have any questions in relation to GDPR, please call us on
062 80400
or email us at
dpo@tipperarycu.ie
.