CHANI APP PRIVACY POLICY
WELCOME
Welcome! Chani Nicholas Incorporated  (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates this “CHANI” mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the “App”).
Our Privacy Policy governs your use of the App, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our App.
We use your data to provide and improve the App. By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Our App Terms and Conditions (referred to throughout this Privacy policy as our “Terms”) govern all use of our App and together with this Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“Agreement”).
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT, AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
DEFINITIONS
:
BIRTH CHART INFO means your birth date, time, and location.
CHANI APP means the native mobile iOS application subject of this Privacy Policy and available for download from the App Store.
PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of App or from App infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various service  providers in order to process your data more effectively.
DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
The USER is the individual using our App. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
INFO WE COLLECT:
The Personal Data we collect through various parts of the App includes:
Your Name
Your Email
Your Birth Chart Info
Your Phone number
In addition, if you send us a comment or question through the App or via email at info@chaninicholas.com, we collect and store the contents of your feedback as well.
CHANI App
:
Your Personal Data is collected through the App primarily in order to:
Generate your birth chart, personalized aspects, and personalized transits within the App
Select appropriate journal, meditation, and other content to display for you
Accept and process payments for your App subscription using our third party subscription management partner
Identify the source of feedback or comments about the App
In the case of your phone number and email, to update you about specials and offerings from Chani Nicholas Incorporated
We may also use your Personal Data to deliver our ongoing communications from time to time, including without limitation to send newsletters and announce and advertise
app updates and new offerings
as further described below.
We will never sell your Personal Data to third parties, and share it only as set forth in this Policy.
We provide further details about how we use this data below.
MOBILE DEVICE INFORMATION:
The CHANI App automatically consults and may transmit your unique device identifier or other information about your mobile device for the purposes of:
Establishing and managing your subscription payments
Supporting app analytics services
In each case, we strive to use information about your device only where necessary or desirable to deliver the CHANI App to you and optimize your experience using the CHANI App.
APP ANALYTICS TRACKING
:
Our website uses Google Analytics tracking to measure traffic data. We also use a third party analytics tool to aggregate and organize usage analytics data, which receives app usage data via an Application Programming Interface and stores this data on servers controlled by the analytics provider, Segment. You can learn more about this technology and the specific functionality it offers here: https://segment.com/industry/mobile/.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the App – you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Data here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
NEWSLETTER
:
You will be added to our email list automatically when you access our CHANI App.
Our newsletters and other announcements are sent through a third party email service, which may use web beacons to track your interactions with our email – for example, whether an email is opened or clicked. We have access to this tracking information.
You can opt-out of our email newsletters and other correspondence, or change your email notification preferences, anytime by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the footer of our emails.
HOW WE TRANSMIT AND STORE YOUR DATA
:
When you utilize the CHANI App, your Birth Chart Info is sent to a 3rd party API to receive a customized response, but not stored in any database or server. The data received in response to this API call (“API Data”) is stored locally on your device to generate the CHANI App content. If you choose to revise your information, including without limitation birth date and time, the CHANI App will send the updated information to the same APi endpoint in order to obtain updated content for the App.
Based on the birth chart information that we populate based on the API Data, we send a request to a content management system to choose the content regarding your chart, transits, and other astrological markers to display within the App.
The email address you use to log in will be stored: (1) in our encrypted user database to enable your continued access to the app [across devices] and (2) in/on our Mailchimp list (alongside any unsubscribe request to keep you opted-out if you choose to opt-out).
We maintain records of all CHANI App subscribers, past and present, indefinitely in order to optimize our business operations.
Usage information about the App is stored on third party servers owned and controlled by Segment, but this data does not include personal data about you other than your device itself..
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR DATA
:
We do not share your Personal Data except as explicitly described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your Personal Data and birth information with contract, third-party developers and API tools, which have access to Personal Information in the course of and for the sole purposes of creating, delivering, and maintaining our CHANI App. We send only the information to our API Tools necessary to obtain information about the positions of celestial objects relevant to your birth chart at the time of your birth. Both our API partners and our third party developers are subject to strict confidentiality and use restrictions which limit their handling of the Personal Data obtained during the course of providing services to us to usages in the course of operating the CHANI App.
Specifically, your Personal Data is shared as follows in connection with our CHANI App:
To a third-party API to obtain the contents of your chart (Birth Chart Info);
To our third-party Mailing service to transmit our communications to you (Name, Email);
To our third-party app subscription management service to establish and maintain your CHANI App subscription;
To the servers of third party tools that help us manage our user outreach and realtionships, including to send you text messages as an optional part of the Service
To the servers of third party tools we use to monitor errors and help us maintain the App, such as Sentry. You can read more about the way Sentry collects and uses end-user Personal Data
here
.
To third party servers that maintain our secure, encrypted database of user login information;
With our dedicated development team to manage our servers, which is subject to stringent confidentiality and use restrictions in assisting us with handling your information (Birthday, Birthplace, Name, Email associated with this info);
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect, or you provide:
(a)  Disclosure for Law Enforcement. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities. We will not share your Personal Information with law enforcement absent a warrant or comparable court order specifically requesting an individual’s personal information.
(b)  Business Transactions. If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a proposed or actual asset sale that includes the CHANI App, your Personal Data may be transferred in connection with the same.
(c)  Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
(i)  To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
(ii) To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
(iii) To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
(iv) For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
(vi) With your consent in any other cases;
(vii) If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Chani Nicholas Incorporated, our customers, or other users.
YOUR RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO STORED PERSONAL DATA:
If you have submitted Personal Data to us, you can request to receive an exported file of the Personal Data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any Personal Data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
To request a copy of the data that Chani Nicholas Incorporated holds about you, please contact
info@chaninicholas.com
.
Please note that we are unable to remove your Personal Data from the systems or servers of third parties such as Apple. Please contact such third parties directly to request the modification or removal of your information from their systems.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA:
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
The security of your data is important to us. Nonetheless, please be advised that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND FRAMEWORKS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR. – See more at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at
info@chaninicholas.com
.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
(a)  The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
(b)  The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
(c)  The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
(d)  The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
(e)  The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
(f)   The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to requests regarding your GDPR rights.
Please also note that we may not be able to provide a functional App without some Personal Data.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Your California Data Protection Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act gives California residents certain rights to access and update information about them, as well as the right to restrict the sale of their Personal Data. Chani Nicholas does NOT sell Personal Data about its Data Subjects as of the date of this Policy, and has no intention to do so in the future. You may send any questions about this to us at
info@chaninicholas.com
.
You can follow the instructions set forth in this Policy to access the Personal Data we have about you, update that data, and/or request that we delete your account and any data about you.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Such changes apply to the ongoing use of your Personal Data upon notice to you via email or other means that a Privacy Policy update has been implemented.
HOW TO OPT-OUT
You can always unsubscribe from our email newsletters through the link provided in the email itself. In addition, should you have questions about how we collect, use, store, modify, or delete the Personal Data we have collected about you, please email
info@chaninicholas.com
.  We will endeavor to respond to your email inquiries within a reasonable time.
HOW TO CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail using the details provided below:
Company Name: Chani Nicholas Incorporated
Email: info@chaninicholas.com
Address: 12405 Venice Blvd. #422
Los Angeles, CA 90066
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 19, 2020.