Privacy Policy of Makasoft
Makasoft operates the https://www.makasoft.net website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Makasoft website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at https://www.makasoft.net, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the
Privacy Policy Template
and the
Online Privacy Policy Template
.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacypolicytemplate.net/:
Generate Privacy Policy
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue & Generate Privacy Policy
You will be redirected to our trusted partner website
to generate the Free Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy Template Generator
Practically every single website worth anything out there has a Privacy Policy page that it can turn to whenever issues about privacy come up with users. That's why you really need to have a privacy policy, but it's not exactly that easy to make one, not if you really want to cover all of your bases. This is why you may want to look into the matter of
privacy policy template generator
(like ours here!) since it comes with quite a few benefits.
A privacy policy
is a legal document that details how a website gathers, stores, shares, and sells data about its visitors. This data typically includes items such as a user's name, address, birthday, marital status, medical history, and consumer behavior.
The specific contents of a privacy policy document depend upon the laws in the legal jurisdiction in which your business operates. Most countries have their own set of guidelines regarding what information is eligible for collection, and how that information may be used. Privacy laws include GDPR, CCPA, CalOPPA, PIPEDA, Australia Privacy Act and many more.
When it comes to legal documents, it is best not to take chances. Fortunately,
it's easy to get a free privacy policy in just a few minutes.
All you have to do is fill up the blank spaces on the right and we will create help you create
your own personalized privacy policy template for your business.
The accuracy of the generated document on this website is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.
Looking for a Terms and Conditions Template?
Check out
Terms and Conditions Generator
.
Questions & Answers about Privacy Policies
Is A Privacy Policy Necessary?
In a word, absolutely. A privacy policy isn't just about telling your users what they can expected from your website, products, and services. It's about protecting you against potential liabilities that could arise from those aspects. It doesn't even have to be the users that go after you but also government agencies since they can be real sticklers for details.
More than the actual consequences of not having a privacy policy, it also helps to legitimize your website's authority if you have one. It just comes parts and parcel with having a successful online business.
What's A Privacy Policy Template?
For the most part, a privacy policy template is just what it sounds like. It's a template that was already made by somebody else and that you can use for your own website if you wanted to. This is incredibly helpful because creating a privacy policy from scratch can be a troublesome affair if you have no legal training. You would have to commission the help of a lawyer in order to do it right.
If your website is aiming for legitimacy, you definitely don't want to take this issue lightly. You can easily get in trouble with your customers and with the law if you don't have a privacy policy or if you have a bad one.
How Can I Use A Privacy Policy?
Usually, privacy policy templates are pretty straightforward. You can get one from a reputable source, copy the template and then paste it on your privacy page. Many of the relevant details will either be left blank or will need to be replaced. Either way, you need to be careful about the information that you put in the page.
You want to focus on company name or website name, the name of the site owner, company CEO, or web manager, and a few important details about purchases, service charges, and so on. Other than a few tweaks, a good template won't require much from you.
Preview Your Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of
Company Name
Company Name
operates the
Website Name
website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the
Website Name
website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
Website URL
, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer's hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacy-policy-template.com/:
Privacy Policy Templates
Our list of professional Privacy Policy templates are up to date with the latest 2025 privacy laws.
Having a Privacy Policy for your website and/or mobile app is not only extremly important to build trust with customers, but it's also required by law. Most privacy laws around the world state that this kind of agreement - called a Privacy Policy - is required if your website or mobile app collects personal information from users: email address, first name, last name, street address, payment information.
Using our
Privacy Policy Generator
, you can generate and download a customized Privacy Policy for your website or mobile app.
Upverter
Privacy Policy template from Upverter
You can find the Privacy Policy of Upverter at the following URL:
https://upverter.com/privacy/
Their agreement has over 2198 words.
Read More
Open full size
Upverter uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
2. Acceptance of Terms
3. Collection of Information
4. Use of Personal Information
5. Disclosure of Information
Important Exceptions
6. Outside Parties and Sites
7. Security
8. Retention
9. Amendment of this Policy
10. Access and Accuracy
11. Additional Privacy Protections for Children
Here's a sample clause that Upverter uses:
Important Exceptions
We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party without your consent if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Website users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.  We may disclose Personal Information when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required by and in accordance with the law.
Heyo
Privacy Policy template from Heyo
You can find the Privacy Policy of Heyo at the following URL:
http://heyo.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 915 words.
Read More
Open full size
Heyo uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
The Information We Collect
Our Commitment to Data Security
Notifications
Child Protection
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
Use of User Information
How to Contact Us
Here's a sample clause that Heyo uses:
Notifications
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications
are required by law or are for marketing or other business related
purposes, to our users via email notice, written or hard copy notice,
or through conspicuous posting of such notice on a Heyo Site, as
determined by us in our sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
we reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing
notifications to our users.
TrueVault
Privacy Policy template from TrueVault
You can find the Privacy Policy of TrueVault at the following URL:
https://www.truevault.com/privacy-policy.html
Their agreement has over 2702 words.
Read More
Open full size
TrueVault uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
What information do we collect?
How and what do we use your information for?
How we use cookies and other technologies.
What Personal Information may we disclose to outside parties?
How we protect and store your information.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") Compliance
Links and third-party websites.
How to opt out or request changes.
Questions regarding this policy.
Modification to this Privacy Policy.
Here's a sample clause that TrueVault uses:
How we protect and store your information.
TRUEVAULT takes the security of the information it collects through its Site and Services seriously and in response implements a variety of security measures designed to reduce the risk of unauthorized disclosures and accidental destruction or loss of your Content and to maintain the safety of your personal information using methods appropriate to the nature of the data and information provided to us by you.
Applause
Privacy Policy template from Applause
You can find the Privacy Policy of Applause at the following URL:
http://www.applause.com/privacy-policy
Their agreement has over 2548 words.
Read More
Open full size
Applause uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Security Policy
1. Notice
2. Choice
3. Onward Transfer
4. DATA TRANSFERS – Privacy Shield and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor framework
5. CONTACT
Here's a sample clause that Applause uses:
2. Choice
From time to time, we may change our privacy policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and registered users will be notified via email. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should periodically check back at our website.
Geckoboard
Privacy Policy template from Geckoboard
You can find the Privacy Policy of Geckoboard at the following URL:
https://www.geckoboard.com/legal/#privacy
Their agreement has over 6083 words.
Read More
Open full size
Geckoboard uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
MODIFICATION OF TERMS OF USE
NEW FEATURES
PRIVACY
RULES AND CONDUCT
REGISTRATION
PAYMENT AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
CANCELLATION AND TERMINATION
THIRD PARTY SITES
CONTENT AND SUBMISSIONS
TERMINATION
NO WARRANTIES
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
INDEMNIFICATION
INTERNATIONAL/NON-UK USE
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
INTEGRATION AND SEVERABILITY
MISCELLANEOUS
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES
DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT NOTICE
CONTACT
Privacy Statement
1. INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
2. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
4. COOKIES
5. SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
6. ACCESSING AND UPDATING
7. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
8. CONTACT
(a) DSL Content Generally.
(b) Submissions Posted by User(s).
A. Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements:
B. Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent:
C. Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent:
Here's a sample clause that Geckoboard uses:
(b) Submissions Posted by User(s).
DSL provides features through the Service which allow users to upload, submit, disclose, distribute or otherwise post Submissions at or on the Site or otherwise through the Service (such as through the Geckoboard Community). If DSL provides such features, you:
Docphin
Privacy Policy template from Docphin
You can find the Privacy Policy of Docphin at the following URL:
https://www.docphin.com/privacy-policy
Their agreement has over 2563 words.
Read More
Open full size
Docphin uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
COLLECTED INFORMATION
USE OF INFORMATION
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
FEEDBACK
ACCESSING AND CONTROLLING YOUR INFORMATION.
INFORMATION DISCLOSED TO THIRD PARTIES
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
SERVICE SPECIFIC PRACTICES
CONTACT US
Here's a sample clause that Docphin uses:
FEEDBACK
If you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
WePow
Privacy Policy template from WePow
You can find the Privacy Policy of WePow at the following URL:
http://www.wepow.com/contact/privacy-policy
Their agreement has over 2358 words.
Read More
Open full size
WePow uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
WePow, Inc. (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
1. Information We May Collect From You
2. Cookies
3. Where We Store Your Personal Data
4. Uses Made of the Information
5. Disclosure of Your Information
6. Your Employer/Prospective Employer
7. Access to Information & Other Rights
8. The EU-US Privacy Shield
9. The US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework
10. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
11. Contact
Here's a sample clause that WePow uses:
5. Disclosure of Your Information
Access to our site is subject to our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to on it. If you are accessing our site in order to complete and upload a video interview with a prospective employer, we will provide access to your video interview to your prospective employer, as well as any other information or documents you submit on the site as part of the recruitment process. We will also permit your prospective employer to download these onto their systems.
RJMetrics
Privacy Policy template from RJMetrics
You can find the Privacy Policy of RJMetrics at the following URL:
https://rjmetrics.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 1891 words.
Read More
Open full size
RJMetrics uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
Are Cookies and Log files used?
Uses made of Personally Identifiable Information
Does RJMetrics disclose Personally Identifiable Information to Third Parties?
Securing your personal data
Links to Third Party Sites
Can I change my information?
Important Notice to Non-U.S. Residents
Changes to this Privacy Policy
About Children
Contact us
Here's a sample clause that RJMetrics uses:
Securing your personal data
RJMetrics takes reasonable steps to protect your Personally Identifiable Information as you transmit such information from your computer to the Site, and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. You should keep in mind, however, that no internet transmission is 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to the Site via e-mail or other electronic means. Where RJMetrics has given you a username and/or password which enables you to access certain parts of the RJMetrics website, you are responsible for keeping such username and/or password confidential.
Clearbit
Privacy Policy template from Clearbit
You can find the Privacy Policy of Clearbit at the following URL:
https://clearbit.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 2052 words.
                                        It was last posted on 23 Sep 2016
Read More
Open full size
Clearbit uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Privacy Policy
1. What does this Privacy Policy apply to?
2. Information collection and use
Personal Information
Cookies and Web Server Logs
Website Visitors
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
3. Sharing and disclosure of information
4. Choice and data retention
5. Protection of information
6. Privacy Shield
7. Changes and notifications
9. Dispute resolution
Here's a sample clause that Clearbit uses:
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Our Website and Services are directed to the general public. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age or have any reasonable grounds for believing that children under the age of 13 are accessing our Website or using our Services. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us.
Navigating Cancer
Privacy Policy template from Navigating Cancer
You can find the Privacy Policy of Navigating Cancer at the following URL:
https://www.navigatingcancer.com/privacy-policy
Their agreement has over 1921 words.
Read More
Open full size
Navigating Cancer uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
What this Policy Covers.
Personal Information Collected and How We Use It.
Cookies
Sharing of Information
Children.
Third Party Sites.
Changes.
Contact.
A) Information You Provide to Us:
B) Automatic Information:
C) E-mail Communications:
D) Information from Other Sources:
Consent:
Protection of Navigating Cancer and Others:
Business Transfers:
Aggregation of de-identified information and statistics:
Information you share with your authorized representatives:
Information You Share With the Public:
Agents:
User IDs:
Security.
Updating Your Information.
Here's a sample clause that Navigating Cancer uses:
Business Transfers:
Navigating Cancer may transfer personal information to any successor to all or substantially all of its business or assets that concern the Service.
Handshake
Privacy Policy template from Handshake
You can find the Privacy Policy of Handshake at the following URL:
https://www.handshake.com/legal/privacy_policy
Their agreement has over 502 words.
Read More
Open full size
Handshake uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Inspection of your data
Information Gathering and Usage
Cookies
Disclosure
Changes
Last updated: Dec 24, 2011
Here's a sample clause that Handshake uses:
Information Gathering and Usage
When you register for Handshake we ask for information such as your name, company name, and email address. Members who sign up for a paid subscription also provide their billing address and credit card information.
PublicStuff
Privacy Policy template from PublicStuff
You can find the Privacy Policy of PublicStuff at the following URL:
http://www.publicstuff.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 881 words.
Read More
Open full size
PublicStuff uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Important Information
Personal Information Collected
Cookies
Log files, IP addresses and information about your computer
Legal Disclaimer
Disclosures to others
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Security
Here's a sample clause that PublicStuff uses:
Log files, IP addresses and information about your computer
Due to the communications standards on the Internet, when you visit the PublicStuff web site we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave PublicStuff. We also receive the Internet protocol (IP) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, as well as the name of your ISP. This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve the PublicStuff service. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is never shared with third-parties without your permission or except when required by law.
Pipedrive
Privacy Policy template from Pipedrive
You can find the Privacy Policy of Pipedrive at the following URL:
https://www.pipedrive.com/en/privacy
Their agreement has over 4454 words.
Read More
Open full size
Pipedrive uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
The following types of cookies are used in the Site:
The following cookies are used in the Site:
Data Controller and Data Processor
Your Choices
Third-Party Services
Children’s Privacy
Data Security
Data Retention
Privacy Settings
Data Transfer
International Visitors
Changes and Updates to this Policy
Our Contact Information
Here's a sample clause that Pipedrive uses:
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 18 without obtaining parental consent. If you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that Personal Data has been collected on the Service from persons under 18 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 18 years of age has obtained an Account on the Service, then you may alert us at  and request that we delete that child’s Personal Data from our systems.
Sefaira
Privacy Policy template from Sefaira
You can find the Privacy Policy of Sefaira at the following URL:
http://sefaira.com/privacy/
Their agreement has over 2257 words.
Read More
Open full size
Sefaira uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
2. Disclosure of your information
3. Cookies
4. Other Tracking Technologies
5. Security and data retention
6. Access to information
7. Changes to our privacy policy
8. Contact
Here's a sample clause that Sefaira uses:
4. Other Tracking Technologies
4.1. Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Sefaira Inc and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers like marketing automation and customer support providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
Appcues
Privacy Policy template from Appcues
You can find the Privacy Policy of Appcues at the following URL:
http://appcues.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 574 words.
Read More
Open full size
Appcues uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Information Collected from Third Parties
Will you ever share my email address?
Questions?
Here's a sample clause that Appcues uses:
How We Use Personal Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order and to provide fantastic customer service during the term of your service. We do not share this information with outside parties without your permission.
sendwithus
Privacy Policy template from sendwithus
You can find the Privacy Policy of sendwithus at the following URL:
https://www.sendwithus.com/legal/privacy
Their agreement has over 2013 words.
Read More
Open full size
sendwithus uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Information Collected
Use of Information Collected
Cookies
Web Beacons
IP Addresses
Third Party Cookies
Public Forums, Refer a Friend, and Customer Testimonials
Sharing of Information Collected
International Data Collection and Transfer
European Union Data Protection
Communications Preferences
Correcting and Updating Your Information
Security
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Contacting Us
Web Site Navigational Information
Here's a sample clause that sendwithus uses:
Public Forums, Refer a Friend, and Customer Testimonials
Techdrop Labs may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on the Company’s Web site directly or via third-party services. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. Techdrop Labs is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
PerkHub
Privacy Policy template from PerkHub
You can find the Privacy Policy of PerkHub at the following URL:
http://perkhub.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 1017 words.
                                        It was last posted on 03 Mar 2014
Read More
Open full size
PerkHub uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Personal identification information
Non-personal identification information
Web browser cookies
How we use collected information
How we protect your information
Sharing your personal information
Third party websites
Advertising
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Changes to this privacy policy
Your acceptance of these terms
Contacting us
Here's a sample clause that PerkHub uses:
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Sprint.ly
Privacy Policy template from Sprint.ly
You can find the Privacy Policy of Sprint.ly at the following URL:
https://sprint.ly/pages/privacy-policy
Their agreement has over 1751 words.
                                        It was last posted on 14 May 2016
Read More
Open full size
Sprint.ly uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Information We Collect
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information
Your Choices
Exclusions
Children
Links to Other Web Sites
Security
Other Terms and Conditions
Changes to Sprint.ly’s Privacy Policy
Access to Information; Contacting Sprint.ly
Here's a sample clause that Sprint.ly uses:
Exclusions
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Sprint.ly other than Personal Data collected through the Site or Services. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Sprint.ly through this Site or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Sprint.ly shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, distribute and exploit such Unsolicited Information without limitation or attribution.
Localytics
Privacy Policy template from Localytics
You can find the Privacy Policy of Localytics at the following URL:
http://www.localytics.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Their agreement has over 2403 words.
Read More
Open full size
Localytics uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Traffic Data Collected
Personally Identifiable Information
PII Collected for Website Registration
Use of Personal Information Collected on the Websites
PII Collected via the Services
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
User Communications
Choice/Opt-Out
Information Sharing
Confidentiality and Security
Information Security and Data Integrity
Lost or Stolen Information
Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
Controlling Your Personal Information
Blogs
Testimonials
Links to Other Websites
Choice
Service Provider, Sub-Processors/Onward Transfer
Access to Data Controlled by our Customers
Data Retention
Contacts
Here's a sample clause that Localytics uses:
Information Sharing
Localytics does not rent, sell or share PII, including your Personal Information, with any third parties except in the following limited circumstances:
Bench
Privacy Policy template from Bench
You can find the Privacy Policy of Bench at the following URL:
https://bench.co/privacy
Their agreement has over 1994 words.
Read More
Open full size
Bench uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
In a nutshell
Summary
What is personal information?
Why do we collect your information?
Who do we share your personal information with?
Your use of the personal information of others
What is our security policy?
How can you access, correct and update your personal information?
How can you delete your account?
How will you learn of updates to our privacy rules?
Who should you contact with comments and questions?
Here's a sample clause that Bench uses:
Who do we share your personal information with?
Except as set forth in this privacy policy, we do not sell or release your Personal information to third parties without your consent. However, we reserve the right to gather, analyze, aggregate and transform non-personally identifiable information sourced from all or any portion of our visitors and users, and to make this information available at our site or through other means, channels or partners at such time and on such terms as we believe are appropriate.
Do
Privacy Policy template from Do
You can find the Privacy Policy of Do at the following URL:
https://do.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 1504 words.
Read More
Open full size
Do uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
How do we collect and use information?
What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?
The Security of Your Information
Links to Other Sites
Modifying Your Information
Our Policy Toward Children
Questions?
Account Information
Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies
Web Beacons
Information Related to Use of the Services
Location Information
Information Shared at Your Request
Information Shared with Our Services Providers
Information Shared with Third Parties
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
Information We Disclose With Your Consent or at Your Request
Here's a sample clause that Do uses:
Location Information
In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation. We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you.
Modria
Privacy Policy template from Modria
You can find the Privacy Policy of Modria at the following URL:
http://modria.com/privacy-policy/
Their agreement has over 2033 words.
Read More
Open full size
Modria uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Cookies
Phishing
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Changing or Deleting Your Information
Security
International Transfer
Links to Other Services
Our Policy Toward Children
Contacting Us
Personally Identifiable Information.
Disputants
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information
Service Providers
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
Business Transfers
Here's a sample clause that Modria uses:
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.
Webflow
Privacy Policy template from Webflow
You can find the Privacy Policy of Webflow at the following URL:
https://webflow.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 1630 words.
Read More
Open full size
Webflow uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Information We Gather
Google Analytics
Billing information
IP Address
Cookies
Information Relating to Children
Information Use, Sharing and Disclosure
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Confidentiality and Security
Changing your Preferences and Personal Information
Contacting Webflow
Here's a sample clause that Webflow uses:
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Base CRM
Privacy Policy template from Base CRM
You can find the Privacy Policy of Base CRM at the following URL:
https://getbase.com/privacy
Their agreement has over 2516 words.
Read More
Open full size
Base CRM uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Information Collection and Use
Information Related to Data Collection through The Service
Information Sharing
Opt-out Preferences
Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
Social Media Widgets
Blogs
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Testimonials
Collection and Use of 3rd Party Personal Information
Single Sign-On
Import Contacts
Changes To This Policy
User Access and Choice
Security
Contact Us
Here's a sample clause that Base CRM uses:
Blogs
Anytime you post on our blog please be aware that you are posting using a third party application and we have no access or control over this information. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, you can either log into the third party application or remove your comment or you can contact the appropriate third party application. Your interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
SimpleLegal
Privacy Policy template from SimpleLegal
You can find the Privacy Policy of SimpleLegal at the following URL:
https://app.simplelegal.com/privacy-policy/
Their agreement has over 2192 words.
Read More
Open full size
SimpleLegal uses the following clauses in their Privacy Policy page:
Third Party Sites
Children
International Users
Contact Information
Background
What does this Privacy Policy Cover?
What types of Data do we collect?
How do we use the Data we collect?
Do we share or disclose the Data we collect to third parties?
Disclosure of Submitted Business Information
How do we secure the Data we collect?
Last updated: July 20, 2013
Here's a sample clause that SimpleLegal uses:
What types of Data do we collect?
In accordance with this Privacy Policy, the information we collect from you when you use the
Service includes: