Wiggle Woggle Games (“us”, “we”, “Wiggle Woggle Games”, or “our”) uploading apps on any appstore (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible on appstores
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
We also serve ads through Google AdMob for monetizing our content to generate revenue
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Advertisement
Privacy Settings
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a Children under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
A} PRIVACY POLICY
Wiggle Woggle Games (“Wiggle Woggle Games”) respects the privacy rights of its customers and protects the personal information collected, stored and used in connection with Wiggle Woggle Games products, services and websites (the “Services”). To further this commitment, we have adopted this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to guide how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us.
I. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information submitted and collected through the Services. By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not install, use, register to or otherwise access the Services. Wiggle Woggle Games reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued used of the Services will signify your acceptance to the changes to this Privacy Policy.
II. INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personal Information
To access the Services, Wiggle Woggle Games may collect information about you, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. The types of personal information collected in conjunction with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity. The requested Personal Information may include, but are not limited to: (i) your name, (ii) mailing address, (iii) telephone number, (iv) email address, (v) photo or other image, (vi) credit card information, and (vii) location. Parents or legal guardians providing parental consent (via our Parental Consent Form) may be asked to provide their child’s name and email address in addition to information about themselves. You may choose not to provide certain information, but in doing so you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Non-Personal Information
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Non-Personal Information” means information that does not directly identify you. Wiggle Woggle Games may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain Non-Personal Information that does not directly enable Wiggle Woggle Games to identify you. The types of Non-Personal Information Wiggle Woggle Games may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address, unique device identifier or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier (“Device ID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and approximate location; (v) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements; (vi) other Non-Personal Information as reasonably required by Wiggle Woggle Games to enhance the Services and other Wiggle Woggle Games products and services.
Advertisement
Privacy Settings
Cookies
The Services may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects and web beacons. Wiggle Woggle Games treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal information. A “cookie” is a small bit of record-keeping information that sites often store on a user’s computer. Cookies do not include people’s names, email addresses, or other information that is personally identifiable; they are typically used to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer, although this may affect your ability to shop online and login.
III. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Wiggle Woggle Games may use your Personal Information to send you messages about our company or our features, products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary, unless you have not consented to allow Wiggle Woggle Games to use your data.
Wiggle Woggle Games also may use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, both individually or combined together, for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement, for customer support and technical support, to manage and provide the Services, and to customize content and layout of the Services.
Names, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers collected may be added to our databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events and the status of orders placed online.
Wiggle Woggle Games does not sell or rent your Personal Information to third-parties for marketing purposes without your consent. Wiggle Woggle Games may share your Personal Information you provide with Wiggle Woggle Games subsidiaries and related companies. Wiggle Woggle Games may share Personal Information with business partners that assist Wiggle Woggle Games in providing you services. Wiggle Woggle Games is committed to giving you the choice whether or not Wiggle Woggle Games uses your information for marketing purposes or shares information with business partners.
IV. COLLECTION AND USE OF CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Services comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Wiggle Woggle Games does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Services. In addition, in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Services or in connection with any Content or Software, Wiggle Woggle Games will not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Further, in the event that Wiggle Woggle Games receives personal information that Wiggle Woggle Games discovers was provided by a child under the age of 13, Wiggle Woggle Games will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
V. SAFEGUARDS
Wiggle Woggle Games maintains appropriate safeguards that ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the personal information we collect and store about our account holders, including children under 13. Personal information collected by Wiggle Woggle Games is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible by authorized employees. In addition, our online store uses industry-standard encryption to prevent unauthorized electronic access to sensitive financial information such as your credit card number. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control (i.e., maintain data quality). Before we allow web users to access their personal information, for example, we verify their identity by requesting that they submit information such as their username and password. We also take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer personal information provide sufficient protection of such data.
VI. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES OR SERVICES
You should be aware that the Services may from time to time contain links to third-party sites, products or services. Wiggle Woggle Games is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites or services. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the site or service to which you link before you submit any personal information.
VII. ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
Wiggle Woggle Games makes good faith efforts to enable you to review, update or correct your personal information in Wiggle Woggle Games’s possession. In order to do so, please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at acquisition@mobaso.app. Wiggle Woggle Games will need sufficient information from you to establish your identity and to verify your access request, and also to assist us in handling your request. Please note that even if personal information is changed or deleted according to your request, Wiggle Woggle Games may still retain some of your personal information to resolve disputes, enforce Wiggle Woggle Games user agreement(s), and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Services.
Advertisement
Privacy Settings
B} LEGAL TERMS CONCERNING OUR BETAS PROGRAM
I. There will be no rewards and/or compensation for participating in the beta programs.
II. All decisions taken by Wiggle Woggle Games and/or their representatives related to the beta are absolute and final.
III. Filling our questionnaires does not guarantee you a spot in any beta program.
IV. All the betas we share with you are for your feedback only
V. You will not disclose any information related to any beta to any person, institution, group of people, and/or organisations without the express written permission from Wiggle Woggle Games
VI Any material, software, information, media or any form of communication made with you during a beta with us is the property of Wiggle Woggle Games (unless explicitly mentioned)
DISCLAIMER
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners and we make no warranty or representation in respect of them.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
Related
Introduce Yourself (Example Post)
May 21, 2021
Introduce Yourself (Example Post)
May 21, 2021
Introduce Yourself (Example Post)
May 21, 2021