“Lighter Simulator Concert Mode” Privacy Policy
Welcome to Just4Fun Mobile (“Just4Fun”, “J4F”, “we”, “us, “our”). Your privacy  is important to us, so we have created this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to explain how J4F collects, stores, uses and discloses the information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to “Lighter Simulator Concert Mode" mobile app (“J4F Services") for iOS platform.
What information we collect
Personal Information:
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you, which may be transmitted or received when you use J4F Services. Personal Information may be: your name, telephone number, email address, physical address, calendar entries, phonebook entries, files, photos, geographical location, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA or any other) and any other information that can identify you.
e do NOT collect
any Personal Information
about you.
Non-Personal Information:
“Non-Personal Information" is information that does not directly identify you or any other individuals. Non-Personal Information may be: type/model of your mobile device, Android/iOS version, language used in system, country code or information about how you use your device.
We do NOT collect any Non-Personal Information
about you.
How we store, use and disclose information about you
As we do not collect any Personal or Non-Personal Information about you, we can’t store, use or disclose it.
“Premium" Subscription
We offer “Premium" subscription with free 3 days trial period for user. When the free trial period ends, subscription payment of $3.99/month per month will be charged to your iTunes Account and your account will be charged 24 hours prior to the current period. Auto-renewal maybe turned off at any time be going to your settings in iTunes store after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on https://just4funmobile.com/privacy-policy-lighter-apple-store/
. Your continued use of the J4F Services following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the J4F Services, or have questions about our practices, please contact us:
Just4Fun Mobile Sp. z o.o.
Polna 31
05-800 Pruszków
Poland
just4funhelp@gmail.com
>> Privacy Policy <<
Copyright © 2019 - Just4Fun Mobile
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.just4funmobile.com/privacy-policy-lighter-apple-store/privacy-policy-select:
Select Privacy policy
Select Privacy Policy:
“Don’t Hug Me” Privacy Policy
“Lighter Simulator Concert Mode” Privacy Policy for Apple Store
All other apps and games Privacy Policy
>> Privacy Policy <<
Copyright © 2019 - Just4Fun Mobile