Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 24, 2020.
We at Straiton Limited have created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information in connection with operating our business. This Privacy Policy describes the practices concerning the information collected by Straiton Limited, ("Straiton Limited", "we", "us" and "our") through the use of our websites and mobile applications on which this Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy applies to our websites and mobile applications and other online services we may provide on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and our collection of information from our corresponding social media features and pages (each a "Service" and collectively, the "Services"). In addition to describing how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information, this Privacy Policy explains the rights and choices available to individuals with respect to their personal information.
We may provide additional privacy notices to you at the time we collect your data. This type of an "in-time" notice will govern how we may process the information you provide at that time.
Table of content:
1. Information We Collect
2. Sources of Information and Purposes of Use
3. How We May Use Your Personal Information
4. How We May Share Information about You with Others
5. Do Not Track Disclosures
6. Social Media and other Communications
7. Online Privacy Choices and Rights
8. Data Retention
9. How We Protect Personal Information
10. Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
11. Information Relating to Children
12. Updates to Our Privacy Policy
13. How to Contact Us
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may obtain information about you in a variety of ways, including through your use of our Services, when you call, email or otherwise communicate with us (including through social media), or when you participate in events or other promotions.
The information that we collect, whether from you directly or automatically, may be considered personal information in certain jurisdictions or personal data under the European General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"). Whenever we refer to personal information in this Privacy Policy, it means personal information or personal data as defined by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction.
Categories of personal information we collect, which may vary based on the Service being used:
Category
Specific Examples
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account or other similar identifiers.
B. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
C. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
E. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, and behavior.
Please note that when using certain Services, you may choose to input or provide access to certain physical or health-related information about yourself. Such information will be stored locally on your device and accessed only as described in the "Information collected from you" subsection below.
2. SOURCES OF INFORMATION AND PURPOSES OF USE
Some of this information you provide to us and some we collect when you use our Services. We also may obtain information about you (including personal information) from our business partners, such as vendors, and others.
You may choose not to provide some or all of your personal information to us but doing so may prevent us from providing our Services to you or limit our ability to provide you with the level of service that you would otherwise expect from us.
Information collected from you
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect directly from you:
Name. We may require your name to personalize your user experience.
Telephone number. We may require your phone number for the technical provision of our Services to you.
Email address. We may use your email address to communicate with you about the products and Services we offer, responding to requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions and updating you with information about your account.
Username and/or PIN. Certain of our Services use this information to facilitate your access to our website or mobile application and validate your login for your security.
Photograph or photographs you may provide to the Services.
Feedback. From time to time, we may request your opinions, suggestions, or modification and improvement ideas ("Feedback") through surveys, or other similar requests. Any responses you provide are voluntary, however you agree that any Feedback you provide shall be owned by Straiton Limited and may be used by Straiton Limited in our sole discretion.
Information collected by automated means ("Automated Information")
We may collect Automated Information through the use of cookies, and other technologies. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information on cookies. In addition to cookies, such other technologies may include:
"Pixel tags" (also known as a "clear GIFs" or "web beacons") which are tiny images (in most cases, typically just one-pixel) that can be placed on a Web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you've opened one of our emails or seen one of our Web pages.
"HTML5" (the language some websites, such as mobile websites, are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your website usage activities and to help determine how our Services are being used by our visitors, how the services can be improved and to customize our Services for our users.
The above tracking technologies may be deployed by us or our service providers on our behalf. You can find more information on our third-party service providers in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy.
Automated Information includes information such as:
IP address
Operating system used (for example: iOS)
Internal resolution of the browser window
Device type
Country code
Identifiers associated with technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address)
Dates and times of access
IDFA
Subscription information
We or our third-party service provider may assign you a unique identifier through automated means in order to match information collected from you through different means or at different times, (including both personal information and Automated Information) and to use such information as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Automated Information is generally used for the following purposes:
for the technical provision of our Services in order to be able to provide you with a functioning user-friendly experience
to provide you with a secure experience and to take measures to protect our website and mobile applications from cyber risks
to uncover insights about your use of our website and mobile applications in order to improve our Services and features, including developing new products and features
to facilitate your access to our website or mobile application
to customize our Services for you
to help us better understand our current and potential customers so that we may market our Services accordingly
events and usage data are captured for our internal business analytics in order to understand how our users interact with our mobile applications and use our services. For example, we may capture when a user visits a screen, taps a button, permits notifications, upgrades, or otherwise interacts with the app
Monitoring and analyzing the effectiveness of our communications (including by identifying when emails sent to you have been received and read)
Information collected from integrated services.
We may obtain information, including personal information from third parties and sources that we integrate into our Services either for the provision of our services or to facilitate your access to our Services such as described below.
You may be given the option to access or register for our services through the use of your third-party social media account, such as Facebook or Google. If you select this option, your social media provider may make some of your personal information available to us, such as your email address or other unique identifier or we may be asked to share certain information with such social media providers. If you choose to sign on through your third party social media provider, you authorize us to collect your information from such provider and process it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and you also authorize us to share your information with your social media provider as necessary to permit you to access our services using your social media account. We recommend that you review your social media provider's privacy policies carefully before using their service to connect to our Services.
3. HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In addition to the purposes described above, we may use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, such as the following:
Performing Our Services
- maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, operation our website and mobile applications; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying user information, processing payments
- communicating about the products and Services we offer, and responding to requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions
Internal Research
- understanding and evaluating how our Services and features perform with our users
- uncovering insights about usage in order to improve the Services and provide customers with enhanced features as well as inform our development of new features and products.
- development of customized or personalized experiences of our Services, such as remembering your information, so you do not have to re-enter it each time you use one of our Services
Auditing Interactions with Consumers
- measuring usage of our websites and mobile applications
- measuring our advertising and marketing activity (e.g., measuring how a user was acquired)
Security
- to provide you with a secure experience and to take measures to protect our website and mobile applications from cyber risks
- protecting against, identifying, investigating, preventing, and responding to fraud, illegal activity (such as incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites and mobile applications), and claims and other liabilities, including by enforcing the terms and conditions that govern the Services we provide
Debugging/Repair
- identification and repair of impairments to intended, existing functionality of our Services
Marketing
- understanding our customer in order to more effectively market our Services
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification
- activities related to improving the quality of the Services we provide, including upgrade or enhancement of the Services
- verification or maintenance of the quality or safety of Services
- tracking and responding to quality and safety matters
- protecting our rights and property
Complying with legal or regulatory requirements, judicial process, industry standards and our company policies
Other purposes that may be described at the time you choose to provide personal information to us
To perform the above functions, we may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both personal information and Automated Information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources. We may also aggregate and/or de-identify any information that we collect, such that the information no longer identifies any specific individual. We may use, disclose and otherwise process such information for our own legitimate business purposes – including historical and statistical analysis and business planning – without restriction.
4. HOW WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU WITH OTHERS
We may share information about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or pursuant to a specific "in-time" privacy notice we may provide at the time we collect the information.
Third Party Service Providers
We may share information about you with the following categories of third-party providers for a variety of business purposes:
Customer Communications and Insights Platforms.
We may share phone numbers, email, app usage and interactions with our third-party customer communications platform provider for the following business purposes: performing services that allow us to communicate with you and administer your account as well as track your usage for our internal analytics.
Internal Business Insights Platforms.
Our third-party internal business analytics platform provides us with the tools to help us understand app usage and interactions and uncover insights that allow us to improve our product and features. We may share or make available unique user identifiers, IDFA, device ID, IP address and app usage and events (such as when you subscribed to our services) with these providers for the following business purposes: performing services that allow us to (i) monitor and understand usage in order to enhance existing Services or develop new products and features and (ii) better understand our customers in order to market our products more effectively.
Customer Support
– When you contact us through our one of our support emails indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section at the bottom of this Privacy Policy, your email may be directed through our third party customer support platform which will have access to your personal information, the content of your email as well as date and time your request came into our system. We use this provider to allow us to communicate with you about your account and to receive reports from users about the quality or safety of our products.
Measurement and Attribution.
These service providers offer tools that allow us to measure and attribute the source of new subscription sign ups and that allow us to uncover insights about usage and app events. We may use unique user identifiers made available to us from these third-party providers to help us measure the effectiveness of our ads (e.g., where and how a user is acquired) and to uncover information about how our customers are using our apps in order to improve their quality and safety. We may also share and/or store unique user identifiers, device IDs, IDFA or IP addresses with these providers for the same purpose.
Other technology providers necessary to provide our services
(including cloud storage and web hosting providers). We may make certain Automated Information and/or aggregate or non-personally identifiable information available for various purposes including monitoring network traffic to detect malicious actors and to protect against malware, fraud or other unlawful uses or activity.
Marketing providers.
We, or the third-party service providers we use to assist us with marketing our own products to you, may use the information we collect from you to provide advertisements and offers for our other products. Additionally, we may share certain information with Facebook that allows us to create Custom or Lookalike Audiences. You may learn more about Facebook Lookalike Audiences click here and about your off-Facebook activity and how to opt out of having such activity sent to Facebook click here. We encourage you to review Facebook's Privacy Policy here. Additionally, if we obtain your information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes, event, offering or other promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third parties. By entering such contest or sweepstakes, you authorize and direct us to share your information with our co-sponsor. We may also share your information with a third-party service provider who administers the promotion, contest and/or sweepstakes. We may also share aggregate information to third party providers and platforms that help us understand our user demographic, including user demographic interests, habits and usage patterns for certain of our Services so that we may market our products more effectively.
Corporate Transactions:
We may share information about you in connection with (including during the evaluation or negotiation of) a corporate change or dissolution, including for example a merger, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, sale of assets or wind-down of a business (each a "Corporate Transaction"). Unless prohibited by applicable law, we reserve the right to transfer the information we maintain in the event we engage in any Corporate Transaction (including, selling or transferring all or a portion of our business or assets). If we engage in such a sale or transfer, we will, where feasible - direct the recipient to use the information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. After such a sale or transfer, you may contact the recipient with any inquiries concerning the processing of your personal information.
Legal, Regulatory, Compliance and Similar reasons.
In addition, we may disclose and/or share your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements (including to comply with a court order, judicial subpoena or other subpoena or warrant), industry standards, judicial process, and our company policies, as well as to protect against, identify, investigate, prevent and respond to fraud, illegal activity (such as identifying and responding to incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites and mobile applications), adverse event reporting, and claims and other liabilities.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information (i) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability, (ii) to protect our rights or property or the legal and property rights of others and (iii) investigate and defend third party claims or allegations against us.
In addition, we may collect, use and disclose your personal information as required or permitted by applicable law, or as directed by you, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Refund Requests and Sharing of Consumption Information with Apple
In the event of a refund request for an in-app purchase, we may provide Apple with certain consumption information related to the purchase. This helps Apple process the refund and assess eligibility based on your use of the app and its services.
The information shared with Apple may include, but is not limited to:
App usage time,
Anonymous account identifiers,
Total amount spent on in-app purchases, and
Total amount refunded.
This information is shared securely and in compliance with Apple's policies. We only share the minimum necessary data required to process refunds and ensure proper handling of transactions.
Your consent to this data sharing is valid, freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous as required by applicable privacy regulations. For more details about how Apple manages your personal data, please refer to Apple's Privacy Policy.
5. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURES
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, our sites do not currently process or respond to "do-not-track" (DNT) settings in your web browser. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Certain third parties, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms, collect information about your online activities over time and across websites. These third parties may not change their tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT settings. Information about how to opt out from your data being used by third parties can be found above under "Information collected by automated means."
6. SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
We maintain a presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Google, LinkedIn, Twitter, Snap, TikTok and Pinterest. We may incorporate some third-party social networking features into our Services (including, allowing users to interact with others and share certain content and information on social media platforms) or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the Services or portions thereof. Through these platforms and features, we receive or may share information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well. In addition, some providers of third-party social media or blogging platforms we utilize have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them may collect, use and protect your information (e.g., if you establish an account with such platform providers directly). By using social features, you agree to those third parties' privacy policies and terms of use.
If you choose to communicate with us or another user through social features available on our websites or mobile applications or through our social media pages, or other similar communication or messaging features or services, such information may be made publicly available.
For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security number, payment card or other sensitive information via these features.
We have the right, but not the obligation to monitor messages and communications between and among users for security and training purposes. We may, but are not obligated to, remove any content we deem inappropriate.
7. ONLINE PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Access, Edit and Delete Your Information.
If you are not a resident of the EEA or California, depending on your location, you may be able make requests to access, correct and/or delete certain personal information that you provide to Straiton Limited. For your protection, we may require proof and verification of identity and jurisdiction of residency before we can answer the above requests. If you wish to make such a request, you may contact us at the applicable mobile application support email indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy. If we change or delete your personal information or if you decline to actively share certain personal information with us, we may not be able to provide to you our services or some of the features and functionality of our services. Once we have verified that you own the account, we will honor such requests at our discretion and in accordance with applicable law.
Device permissions
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as camera and microphone as well as push notifications. Where applicable, you can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Uninstall
You can stop all information collection by the app by disabling call forwarding and deactivating your account by following the instructions on the Service's Settings screen and then uninstalling the app using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
Email
If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial email from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time, by sending your request to us by the applicable mobile application support email indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your request, and you may receive promotional communications from us that you have opted-out from during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional or administrative messages from us regarding the Services.
Location information
If you choose to opt-in, some of our apps may collect your device's precise real-time location, and in such cases, you may be able to opt out from further allowing us to have access to such location data by managing your location preferences in the app and/or on your device.
Notice to Nevada users
Under Nevada law, Nevada residents may opt out of the "sale" of certain "covered information" (as defined under Nevada law) collected by operators of websites or online services. We currently do not sell covered information, as "sale" is defined by Nevada law, and we do not have plans to sell this information. However, if you would like to be notified if we decide in the future to sell personal information covered by the Act, please contact us here. You are responsible for updating any change in your email address by the same method and we are not obligated to cross-reference other emails you may have otherwise provided us for other purposes. We will maintain this information and contact you if our practices change.
8. DATA RETENTION
Except as provided below, we may retain your personal information for the longer of three (3) years after we become aware that you have ceased using our services or for so long as necessary to fulfill any contractual obligation governing the information or our legal and regulatory obligations. However, we may not know if you have stopped using our services, so we encourage you to contact us at the appropriate support email in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy if you are no longer using the services. We may retain other information that is not personally identifiable for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
9. HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use various efforts intended to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information collected through our Services. Despite these measures, however, we cannot and do not guarantee that information will be absolutely safe from interception or intrusion during transmission or while stored on our system, or otherwise, and you provide information to us at your own risk.
If you correspond with us by email, text message or using Web forms like a "contact us" feature available through our Services, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure from access by unauthorized parties. We have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission. If you create an account as part of using our Services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your
account
. Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
If we believe that the security of your personal information in our care may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If we have your email address, we may notify you by email to the most recent email address you have provided us in your account profile. Please keep your email address in your account up to date. You can change that email address anytime in your account profile. If you receive a notice from us, you can print it to retain a copy of it. To receive these notices, you must check your email account using your computer or mobile device and email application software. We may also post a conspicuous notice on our site or notify you through the mobile application. You consent to our use of email, text message and/or notification through the app as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use the postal service to notify you in this situation, please let us know by submitting your request here: apps@straitonapps.com. You can make this election any time, and it will apply to notifications we make after a reasonable time thereafter for us to process your request. You may also use this email address to request a print copy, at no charge, of an electronic notice we have sent to you regarding a compromise of your personal information.
10. LINKS TO WEBSITES AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
For your convenience and information, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content that is not owned or operated by us. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third parties before providing them with any personal information.
11. INFORMATION RELATING TO CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16 years old (or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws). If you are not over 16 years old (or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws) then
DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES
. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 16 years old, please contact us here. Note that we'll attempt to delete the account of any child under the age of 16 that's reported to us as soon as possible. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
12. Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the date of this Privacy Policy. Continued use of the Services after such date constitutes acceptance of such updates. When required by applicable law, we may inform you by additional means, such as through a notification on the website or in our mobile applications if we make material changes to how your personal information is collected, accessed or otherwise used as a result of your use of the Services or if your rights under this Privacy Policy are materially impacted by changes to our privacy practices. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy.
13. HOW TO CONTACT US
You may contact us with questions, comments, or concerns about our services and this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or to request access to or correction of your information by submitting your requests or inquiries as detailed below:
Our support team can be contacted apps@straitonapps.com.
OR
Office 11, 1st Floor, Alpha Tower
Pavlou Nirvana-Aipeias Street
3021, Limassol-Cyprus
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it