View this page in
English
Français
中文
العربية
Русский
Español
Português
Data Privacy Statement
This Data Privacy Statement describes how PepsiCo collects, uses, stores and protects personally identifiable information of PepsiCo employees on Pepsi's MyAccess website.
This Statement relates to personal information on the MyAccess website, including:
contact information, such as name, address, phone number, email address, Pepsi global personnel identification number and government-assigned identifier,
demographic information, such as date of birth, gender and marital status,
employment information, such as date of hire, employment status and history, pay history, tax withholding information, performance records and date of separation, and
benefit program participation and coverage information, such as benefit choices, beneficiary information, claims information, benefit plan account balances or accrued benefits and date of retirement.
This Statement further applies to personally identifiable information that PepsiCo collects from or about you as a result of your use of the MyAccess website.  This includes:
your use of your user ID on the MyAccess website,
logs and other information about your activity on the MyAccess website, and
information about you (other than updates to databases accessible via the website) that you voluntarily enter while on the My Access website.
PepsiCo collects, uses and stores this personal information in order to provide various services to its employees.  PepsiCo also transfers the information to third-party service providers, such as Hewitt Associates (the operator of the MyAccess website) and to health, welfare and retirement plans, so that those service providers can process the information and provide services to employees.
The confidentiality and protection of your personal information is very important to us.  We strive to protect the personal information under our control, to take reasonable precautions to maintain the security and integrity of that data and to ensure that our service providers likewise protect the data.  We have implemented various security measures to help reduce the risk of unauthorized processing or disclosure of personal information or accidental loss, destruction or damage to the information.  Those measures include security procedures implemented by our Information Security Group, training on data security issues, restricting access to the information only to those who have a job-related need to know, and ensuring that appropriate confidentiality agreements are in place to protect your personal information.
Our commitment to protecting your personal information means that we will not sell your personal information to any third party.  It also means that we will not use, transfer or disclose your personal information to anyone outside of PepsiCo, Hewitt and other service providers administering PepsiCo's plans and programs, unless authorized by you or as required by law, legal process, law enforcement requests or as necessary to protect the property, interests and rights of PepsiCo.
We may update this Data Privacy Statement from time to time.  We encourage you to periodically review this statement so that you will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose the information.  If you have any questions or concerns about PepsiCo's use of your personally identifiable information or this Data Privacy Statement, please email
dataprivacy@pepsico.com
.