Sports Card Investor’s Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 10, 2020
Thanks for visiting Sports Card Investor! We hope you’ll enjoy being a part of this community of websites, Services and content owned or operated by Sports Card Investor, LLC, a limited liability company based in Atlanta, Georgia  – including our SportsCardInvestor.com website, our Market Mover data tool, our e-mail newsletters, our YouTube Channel, our Facebook Groups, our Discord Chat Server, our social media accounts, and everything else we add in the future (each a “Service,” and collectively, the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to our Services, and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion. Your data will be stored and processed in whole or in part in the United States. The information we gather on through our Services may be shared across our Services and with other Sports Card Investor affiliated companies on a worldwide basis in order to deliver the products and services we offer.
Our Services contain links to other websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from our Sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.
Additionally, some of our Services and content are distributed through, provided through, or appear on other websites or platforms over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites and platforms which distribute, provide and display our Services and content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.
1. Collection and Use of Information by Sports Card Investor and how to Access or Delete Information
In some areas of our Services, we request or may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, email address, telephone number credit card number, contact information, billing information and any other information from which your identity is discernible.
We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of our Services, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Moreover, there is information about your computer hardware and software that is or may be collected by us. This information can include without limitation your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses, but is not linked to your personal information.
We may sometimes afford you the opportunity to provide descriptive, cultural, behavioral, preferential and/or lifestyle information about yourself, but it is solely up to you whether you furnish such information. If you do provide such information, you are thereby consenting to the use of that information in accordance with the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. For example, such information may be used for the purpose of determining your potential interest in receiving email or other communications about particular products or services.
Responsible Entity:
Sports Card Investor, LLC
817 West Peachtree St NE, Suite 201
Atlanta, GA 30308
ATTN: Geoff Wilson
Accessing or Deleting your Information:
You can delete your account on our Services to remove your personally identifiable information. To do this, please email
support@sportscardinvestor.com
. If you have any questions about your privacy, need assistance deleting your information, or would like to get a copy of your information, please email
support@sportscardinvestor.com
and we will assist you.
Information we store:
Credit Card Numbers
We do not store credit card numbers in connection with our premium Services, such as our Membership Plans, on our server computers. We use a third-party payment processor that handles our payment processing. They have a PCI compliant card storage vault that they save card numbers too. When you enter your card number, you are entering it directly into the third-party payment processor’s server computers. Our team does not have access to your credit card number. In other areas, we collect or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your ZIP code, age, preferences, gender, interests and favorites. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information. This information is stored while you are an active subscriber and will be deleted when you terminate your subscription.
Contact Information
We will store your name, address, email address, telephone number, Facebook Name, Discord Name and other contact information in our database. You can delete all of this information by deleting your account as described above.
Third Parties we Use:
Full Story
Sports Card Investor uses FullStory to log site usage and help solve bugs reported by users. Full Story creates recordings of individual user sessions which we sometimes review to troubleshoot issues and see how our product is being used.
The responsible entity is:
FullStory. 120 Ottley Dr NE, Atlanta, GA 30324
Personally identifiable information, including name, and email address is submitted to FullStory’s servers and saved there. This information is sent when a user visits or uses our Services. The data is stored for 2 weeks and then automatically deleted.
You can find further information about FullStory’s data processing and data protection at: https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy/
Mailchimp
Sports Card Investor uses Mailchimp to send newsletters to subscribers.
The responsible entity is:
The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
Personally identifiable information, including name & email address is submitted to Mailchimp’s servers and saved there when a user chooses to sign up to the Sports Card Investor Application, or chooses to subscribe to one of Sports Card Investor’s newsletters.
Other information, including IP address, browser & OS version, and timestamps, is submitted to Mailchimp when a user loads resources embedded in, or a link contained an email sent through Mailchimp.
The analyses of your actions with the messages sent through Mailchimp is transferred to us in the form of reports. Mailchimp may give any of your information to further parties where legally required to do so, or these parties are contracted to by Mailchimp.
You can find further information about Mailchimp’s data processing and data protection at: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
2. Our Use of Your Information
We use the information we gather through our Services, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Services, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.
We do not and will not provide or sell your contact information you provide to any third party, with the exception of the limited reasons provided in this Privacy Policy.
Although we will not provide or sell your contact information to any third party or sponsor (with the exception of the limited reasons provided in this Privacy Policy), we may use your contact information to send you email or other communications to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies and sponsors or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. We may also use your contact information in order to send you email or other communications regarding updates about our Services, and information about new Sports Card Investor products or services which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you.
We have areas on the Sports Card Investor where you can submit feedback. Any feedback you submit in these areas becomes our property (as identified in the Terms of Use), and we can use such feedback for marketing purposes or to contact you for further information.
3. Choices Regarding the Disclosure of Personal Information to Others
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties, or your combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of our Services, except as set forth below.
a. We disclose information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties, we supply your contact information to third parties for the purpose of sending you email or otherwise communicating with you. We use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third-party.
b. We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.
c. We disclose information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
d. We disclose and transfer information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of our business or website, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event we become the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, we or our trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court. You will be notified of sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party via email or through a prominent notice posted on the Sports Card Investor.
Protecting your login ID and password
Always keep your username and password for our Services secret, and logout of your account whenever you are done using a computer that is accessible by others, as our Services sometimes keep you logged in on an ongoing basis by default until you log out.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please e-mail us at support@sportscardinvestor.com. with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.
4. IP Address and Clickstream Data
Our server automatically collects data about your server’s Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you’re on the Internet. When you request pages from our web site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Your IP Address is used to help identify you and to gather demographic information about our customers as a whole, but does not include personally identifiable information. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on this web Site; the web site you visit after this web site; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Services. Such information may also be used to gather demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider. We may link this information with your Personal Information.
5. Use of Cookies/Web Beacons
As part of our service, we use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. Some features of our site may be available only through the use of a cookie. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to reenter it; gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users, research visiting patterns, and help target advertisements based on user interests. In some instances, our retail partners and advertisers appearing at our site may use their own cookies. Preference and options configurations in your browser determine if and how a cookie will be accepted. You can change those configurations on your computer if you desire. By changing your preferences, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is set, or you can reject all cookies. If you do so and cookies are disabled, you may be required to reenter your information more often and certain features of our site may be unavailable.
Our Services may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our Web site usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. You may not be able to decline web beacons, however, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.
6. Access to and Modification of Your Information
You may review, correct, update or change your SportsCardInvestor.com account information at any time through the SportsCardInvestor.com website (by clicking on your username in the upper right-hand corner of the screen when you are logged in), or by emailing us at support@sportscardinvestor.com. If you receive newsletters, commercial emails or other communications from Sports Card Investor, but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by following the procedures set forth in section 11.
We may retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use of Sports Card Investor more efficient, practical, and relevant. You can close your Sports Card Investor account at any time, in which event we will mark your account as closed and limit access to your information by Sports Card Investor personnel only, by emailing support@sportscardinvestor.com.
7. Security of the Personal Information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
When you place an order online for goods or services through our Services, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted. We use a third party company to process credit card transactions and store your credit card and billing information if you provide it to us.
8. Phishing
With identity theft a continuing problem, it has become increasingly common for unauthorized individuals to send e-mail messages to consumers, purporting to represent a legitimate company such as a bank or on-line merchant, requesting that the consumer provide personal, often sensitive information. Sometimes, the domain name of the e-mail address from which the e-mail appears to have been sent, and the domain name of the web site requesting such information, appears to be the domain name of a legitimate, trusted company. In reality, such sensitive information is received by an unauthorized individual to be used for purposes of identity theft. This illegal activity has come to be known as “phishing.”
If you receive an e-mail or other correspondence requesting that you provide any sensitive information (including your web site password or credit card information) via e-mail or to a web site that does not seem to be affiliated with our web site, or that otherwise seems suspicious to you, please do not provide such information, and report such request to us at support@sportscardinvestor.com.
We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission.
9. Changes to Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated version to this Web page.
If at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at
support@sportscardinvestor.com
.
10. Opt Out and Deletion of Information
Except as necessary for Sports Card Investor to provide the services or information requested by you, you may opt out of having your personally identifiable information, which has been provided to Sports Card Investor, prospectively retained by Sports Card Investor.
If you do not want to receive email communications from us in the future or desire that we not retain and delete any personally identifiable information, you may send an email to
support@sportscardinvestor.com
and tell us that you do not want to receive email from our company and/or wish to have your information no longer retained and deleted. If you choose to no longer have your information retained and want it to be deleted, we will have to delete your SportsCardInvestor.com account as your information is required to operate your account. Once your account is deleted, you should not return to the website and/or create another account, as that will begin storing your information again.
11. Contact Information
Sports Card Investor, LLC, is an Atlanta, Georgia based limited liability company with its principal place of business at 817 West Peachtree St NE, Suite 201, Atlanta, GA, 30308. If sending correspondence, please put it to Attention: Geoff Wilson.