Privacy Policy
Introduction
This policy describes how our company and its third party advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games on mobile devices. It also applies to our Marketing and Advertising activities on all platforms and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this Privacy Policy we refer to our games, advertising activities and other services collectively as our "Services".
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Including consenting to our company and our advertising partners use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to the use of your data for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any other concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our games or other Services.
Playing our games
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games or using our other Services, you consent to the collection of information about you by us. Most of this data comes directly from you or your device, such as device information, country and region, and game play information. We use this data to provide our games and services to you, including for the purposes of optimization, preventing fraud, customizing in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Advertising purposes.
Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party products and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our Services you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games.
What information is used for advertising?
We use ad identifiers and other information that we collect about you as described in this Privacy Policy to try to make sure you only see ads in our games that might be of interest to you. This includes information such as:
ad identifiers and other information collected from your device. For more information, see Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies
the games you play and information about how you interact with our games and Services
country and region
other demographic and interests based information that we might acquire from our third party marketing partners or other third parties who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share that information with us.
Advertising partners
When you play our games or use our Services, non-personal identifiers and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device.
Our advertising partners may combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems.
You consent to the collection and use of your data for targeting advertising purposes by our advertising partners as set out in this section and as further described in their privacy policies. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information.
A list of our advertising partners
https://www.chartboost.com/
https://www.google.com/admob/
http://www.flurry.com/
https://vungle.com/
https://www.applovin.com/
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, you can contac us via email to
info@neptun-digital.com
Take Me Back