Effective: January 15st, 2019
PRIVACY POLICY
MAPSOFT JSC ("we", "us" or "our"), a company registered in Belarus, company's TAX number 690023265 with legal address (please pay attention our postal address is given in OUR CONTACT section):
ag. Lesnoj, building 41, office 190a, room 5, Minsk district, Minsk region, Belarus, 223040
takes responsibility to protect your "personal data" which has the meaning as set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (further GDPR) in full correspondence with the applicable legislation.
We are "data controller" for the purposes of the personal data processing under this Privacy Policy.
When you use our apps we do not collect your personal data by ourselves, however we use some 3rd parties service providers to get some features for our apps, to improve our service for you, and for marketing purposes as well.
We might receive your personal data directly from you (e.g. emails, contact information) in case you decide to communicate with us through our support or other channels.  In these cases your personal data will be processed and stored properly for a limited time and will be finally erased.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA CAN BE COLLECTED OR PROCESSED
Contact Data:
This may include your name and your email address. This information can be received by us only directly from you in case you decide to communicate with us via email or the corresponding link in our apps. We do not request you to provide this data in our apps unless you send a request to our support.
Session Data:
This may include your IP address, your device's unique identifier details, browser details including version, device operating system, device type, geo-location, time zone setting and time/date of access requests, age, gender, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, number of views of an advertisement, advertising conversion rates, monetization rate, purchase history, information concerning your use of our services and some other data we might need for purposes to improve our app, improve your experience or marketing.
Cookies Data:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer or other Internet-connected devices tied to information about the user.
Preference data:
We might collect data about your in-app content preferences with further analysis to improve our content for you.
Payment data:
This information is provided by you to our payment processor while buying a subscription or other in-app purchases in our apps. We do not store nor record such information.
HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL DATA
Contact Data:
We use your contact data to communicate with you. The legal basis for such processing is your and our legitimate interests.
Correspondence Data:
is used to analyze your feedback about our apps and service to make our products better for you. The legal basis for such processing is your and our legitimate interests.
Session Data:
We use your session data to administer and maintain our apps, to customize our contents for you, to improve our apps based on the analytics received, for advertising customization. The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest.
Cookies Data:
We or our 3rd party providers may store certain information using "cookies". We use cookies to provide you with a tailored experience when visiting and using our apps or services. We also use cookies to understand traffic patterns on our services, to authorize access to certain premium or trial content and product features, to target advertising and/or to push notifications. You can manage cookies and/or disabled through your browser's cookie settings. The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest.
Preference data:
We use your preference data to improve our apps and content for you. The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest.
Payment data:
It is used by our payment processor to meet the payment when you decide to buy our subscriptions or other in-app purchases. The legal basis for such processing is your and our legitimate interests.
WHEN AND HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We use third parties to facilitate our business, such as payment processors, hosting services providers, advertising partners, analytics platforms etc. In connection with these business operations, our contractors and service providers may have access to your information collected by us for use for a limited time in connection with these business activities. Where we utilizes third parties for the processing of any Information, we implements reasonable contractual and technical protections in order for such third parties to keep all Information they process strictly confidential. Please note that these third parties may be located in other countries where the laws on processing personal information can differ from the laws of your country of residence.
We may also disclose your Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform with the law; (b) comply with the order of a competent judicial authority in any jurisdiction; (c) comply with legal process served on us; (d) protect and defend the rights or our property; (e) enforce or verify your compliance with any part of the agreements that you enter into with us, if any; (f) prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through our services; or (g) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety.
STORAGE AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
By using our apps, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in other countries that may differ of your residence. We transfer your personal data in correspondence with GDPR requirements. Most extra-EU transfers are made to countries that provide an adequate level of personal data protection, however in the case where the transfers are not to these countries, we will put in place appropriate or suitable safeguards to accomplish transfers of personal data properly. You may contact us to obtain a copy of them or where they have been made.
You may check the list of the countries with adequate level of personal data protection here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
HOW DO WE PROTECT THE CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our apps are designed for individuals aged 13 years or older as prescribed by the law. We do not knowingly collect, hold, use or divulge any Information from children under the age of 13, unless a parent or legal guardian has consented to it. If you believe that Information has been collected from children under the age of 13 without your prior consent, you may contact us via our contacts below.
HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain your Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as required for our legitimate interests, or to comply with applicable legal, tax or regulatory requirements. After such time, any Information you have provided to us will be destroyed, deleted or made anonymous.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We frequently revise this Privacy Policy to keep it up to date with applicable legislation and our services. Updated notices may be used to alert users to recent changes, but the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on App Store pages of our apps shall be considered sufficient notice to you. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you.
ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND YOUR RIGHTS
We are committed to protect your personal data properly according GDPR and this Privacy Policy. However, if any doubts you may complain with a competent authority at any time.
You have the right to request from the controller access to and rectification or erase of personal data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability.
You have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You should be aware that to provide advertising ads most relevant for you our third parties providers may use automated decision-making tools for targeting purpose. To our best knowledge, there may be no consequences of such processing for you.
OUR CONTACT
If you have any questions to us or want to exercise any of your rights, please contact us:
via email: support@pianoband.club
via post: MAPSOFT JSC, 95 Nezavisimosti av., premises 6, office 303, Minsk, Belarus, 220043
LANGUAGE
It is the express wish of the parties that this document and all related documents, including notices and other communications, will be in English only.