Privacy Policy
Last modified: August 2024
Interest based advertising:
to learn more about
            data disclosure
click here
Opt-out options:
DO NOT USE MY DATA
I. INTRODUCTION. REGIONAL PATTERNS (CALIFORNIA)
AIBY Inc. (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. This
            Privacy policy (“Privacy policy”) explains our data protection
            policy and describes the types of information we may process when
            you install and/or use “Themify - Widget & Icon Themes“ software
            application for mobile devices (the “App”, “our App”).
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any
            information of any kind relating to a natural person who can be
            identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to
            such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly,
            in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or
            more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental,
            economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the
            App (“Users”).
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless
            otherwise stated.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING
            THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN
            YOU USE THE APP YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND
            AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING
              IMPORTANT NOTICE
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) California
            residents shall have the right to request:
the categories of personal information that is processed;
the categories of sources from which personal information is
              obtained;
the purpose for processing of user personal data;
the list and categories of third parties with whom we may share
              your personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we might have
              obtained about a particular user provided that the data given in
              the request is reliable enough and allows to identify the user.
Please use the navigation links through this Privacy policy:
PERSONAL INFORMATION
All about the categories of information, its sources and purposes of
            processing
>>
Please mind that according to CCPA personal information does not
            include de-identified or aggregated consumer information.
SHARING
How your information can be shared
>>
Please note that all third parties that are engaged in processing
            user data are service providers that use such information on the
            basis of agreement and pursuant to business purpose.
OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you do not want us to process your personal information any more
            please contact us through the
[contact form]
. In most cases there is no way to maintain the App’s further
            operating without functional data therefore you will be advised to
            remove the App from your device.
If you do not want us to share device identifiers and geolocation
            data with service providers please check your device settings to opt
            out as described below
>>
REQUESTS
To submit a verifiable consumer request for access, portability or
            deletion of personal data please contact us through the
[contact form]
. Please include in the text of your appeal the wording "Your
            rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California”.
When submitting a verifiable request, you should be ready to:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify
              you are the person about whom we collected personal information or
              an authorized representative, which may include: name, address,
              city, state, and zip code and email address. We may use this
              information to surface a series of security questions to you to
              verify your identity. If you are making a request through an
              authorized agent acting on your behalf, such authorized agent must
              provide written authorization confirming or a power of attorney,
              signed by you.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to
              properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not be able to respond to your request or provide you with
            personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or
            authority to make the request; or (ii) confirm that the personal
            information relates to you. We may ask you for additional
            information or documents to verify your identity. We may also carry
            out checks, including with third party identity verification
            services, to verify your identity before taking any action with your
            personal information. This is regarded as a safeguard measure to
            prevent disclosure of your personal information under a fake or scum
            request.
We ensure that personal information provided in a verifiable
            consumer request will be used only to verify the requestor’s
            identity or authority to make the request and not for any other
            purpose. We will keep it for the adequate term reasonably needed for
            the purpose described above and delete after the purpose is
            fulfilled.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five
            (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform
            you of the reason and extension period in writing. Please note that
            we are only required to respond to two requests per customer each
            year.
EQUAL RIGHTS
Nothing in the way we deal with your request shall be interpreted as
            discrimination, which means that we will not set up different
            pricing or products, or different level or quality of services for
            you, if you choose to exercise your rights. However, in some
            circumstances, we may not be able to provide services if you choose
            to delete your personal information from our records.
SALE OF DATA
We do not sell any of your personal data to third parties.
II. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are several categories of information that can be processed.
Functional Information
We ask for and process the following personal information when you
            use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate
performance of the contract
between you and us.
            Without such information it is impossible to provide complete
            functionality of the App and perform the requested services.
Activity Information
directly related to your use
              of the App. After you set the relevant settings on your device we
              may have technical access to your Photos - to be able to save
              wallpapers, icons and other content available within the App to
              your device. However, we cannot collect, store or use the data
              contained in your Photos unless you upload such data to the App or
              otherwise share it.
User Content
(i. e. images, documents, sounds,
              etc.) which can be sent to the App due to its basic or extended
              functions. All content that you might upload are stored locally on
              your device, they are inaccessible either to us or to any third
              party. Only you can share any content to a certain party by
              exporting them through the App.
Chat Widgets Data
directly related to your use of
              the App’s function - “Message Widgets”. The “Message Widgets”
              function provides you with an opportunity to send text and other
              content messages to and/or receive such messages from other users
              of the App. We collect and store Chat Widgets Data formed during
              your usage of the “Message Widgets” function only for the purpose
              to operate the App functionality and provide you with access to
              your text history and other content of messages sent/received via
              the App. You can also choose to delete your Chat Widgets Data
              within the App at any time by tapping the “Delete Chat Widgets
              Data” button, in this case all your Chat Widgets Data within the
              App will be lost and you will no longer be able to access such
              data.
Authorization Data
. You may create an Account and
              register within the App by choosing the option Sign in with Apple
              and providing your email address. Having an Account will enable
              you to sign in to the App using your Apple ID and sign out at any
              time. You can also choose to delete your Account within the App at
              any time, in this case all your data within the App will be lost
              and you will no longer be able to access such data, except your
Chat Widgets Data
(see the
“Chat Widgets Data”
paragraph above). Bear in
              mind that if you have a valid subscription, deleting your Account
              within the App will not cancel it.
Note that all your
User Content, Chat Widgets Data
and
Authorization Data
are processed exclusively to
                the extent necessary to operate the App services and provide you
                with the App functionality. Only you can exercise full control
                over your
User Content, Chat Widgets Data
and
Authorization Data
, as well as over your
Activity Information
. If you choose to delete
                your Account within the App, you will no longer be able to
                access and/or restore all above listed categories of Functional
                Information that were previously available to you within the
                App, except your
Chat Widgets Data
. If you want
                to delete your
Chat Widgets Data
, you need to
                go to Settings and tap on the “Delete Chat Widgets Data” button.
                If you remove the App from your device but do not delete your
                Account or your Chat Widgets Data within the App, we will
                continue to store the information associated with your Account
                for a certain period of time (see Section VI).
Contact Information
(name, e-mail address, as
              well as any other content included in the email) which you may
              fill in by yourself when you contact us via email, support form.
              We collect, store and process it by our cloud storage provider
              (Amazon.com, Inc.). We use such information to respond effectively
              to your inquiry, fulfill your requests, and send you
              communications that you request and perform the requested
              services.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
On the basis of your
permission
we use third-party
            automatic data processing technologies (advertising or analytics
            tools) to analyze certain information sent by your device via our
            App (
Identity For Advertisers
). Some integrated
            advertising or analytics tools (check Section IV to see the list of
            them) launch automated processing of your personal data, including
            profiling, which means any form of automated processing of personal
            data used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in
            particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning your personal
            preferences, interests, behavior, location or movements (see the
            list of data described below). Processing information through
            automatic data processing technologies starts automatically once you
            allow our App to track your activity. You can withdraw your
            permission at any time - please check opt-out options in Section
            VIII below.
We may process some information about your device and your user
            behavior on the grounds of our legitimate interest. This information
            falls within categories of data described above in Subsection
            “Information That Is Processed Automatically”, it is generally
            non-personal, i.e. it does not, on its own, permit direct
            association with any specific individual, and we may access it only
            in aggregated form. We use this information for improving our App
            and giving our users the best experience.
Device Details
. When you use a mobile device
                (tablet / phone / smartwatch) to access our App, some of the
                details about your device are reported, including “device
                identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar
                data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device,
                which uniquely identify your mobile device (but not your
                personality). Device identifier enables generalized reporting or
                personalized content and ads by the third parties.
What data can be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of your device, type
                  of operating system and its version, model and manufacturer,
                  screen size, screen density, orientation, audio volume and
                  battery, battery life, loading time, latency, framerate,
                  device memory usage.
Information about the internet connection: mobile carrier,
                  network provider, network type, IP address, timestamp and
                  duration of sessions, speed, browser.
Location-related information: IP address, the country code/
                  region/ state/ city associated with your SIM card or your
                  device, language setting, time zone, neighboring commercial
                  points of interest (eg. “coffee shop”).
Other device identifiers: e.g. user identifiers (if they are
                  set up by the App’s developer).
Information about the applications
. Name, API key
              (identifier for application), version, properties of our App can
              be reported for automated processing and analysis. Some services
              also record the list of applications and/or processes which are
              installed or run on your device.
Cookies and similar technologies
. When you use
              the App, cookies and similar technologies may be used (pixels, web
              beacons, scripts). A cookie is a text file containing small
              amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you
              access the App. The text file is then sent back to the server each
              time you use the App. This enables us to operate the App more
              effectively. For example, we will know how many users access
              specific areas or features within our App and which links or ads
              they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand
              and optimize how our App is used, improve our marketing efforts,
              and provide content and features that are of interest to you. We
              may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to
              the App, which may use cookies or similar technologies.
Log file information
. Log file information is
              automatically reported each time you make a request to access the
              App. It can also be provided when the App is installed on your
              device. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record
              certain log file information, including time and date when you
              start and stop using the App, and how you interact with the App.
Ad-related information
. The following data might
              be reported about the ads you can view: the date and time a
              particular ad is served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or if
              it was shown as a “conversion” event; what the ad offer is about;
              what type of ad it is (e.g., text, image, or video); which ad
              placement is involved (where the ad offer is displayed within the
              App); whether you respond to the ad.
In-app events
. When you use our App, analytics
              tools automatically record your activity information (tutorial
              steps, leveling up, payments, in-app purchases, custom events,
              progression events, method of limiting the processing of user
              data).
Information provided automatically to advertising or analytics tools
            does not generally come to our control, therefore we cannot be
            responsible for processing such information. Please mind that some
            services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain
            information related to your personality and/or your device by using
            technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility. In
            case when your user ID is linked to your Facebook account, Facebook
            may use your device information in association with categorized data
            that were already recorded in its databases (eg. your age, gender or
            other demographic indication). We do not control, supervise or stand
            surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that
            might be collected by their own means (not through our App). Any
            information request regarding the disclosure of your personal
            information should be directed to such third parties (see Section
            IV).
Payment Information
Our e-commerce provider (Apple) is responsible for billing,
            processing and charging for in-app purchases, handles your personal
            information and keeps it absolutely safe and secure. This
            information is processed as part of the performance of the contract
            between you and us. We cannot access or use your credit or debit
            card information. You may access the applicable “in-app” purchase
            rules and policies directly from the app stores.
Email newsletters
When you register within the App and provide your email information
            by choosing the option “Sign in with Apple” we may use such email
            information to send you communications (“newsletters”) regarding
            special subscription offers, new features and functionalities and
            other news related to the App on the grounds of our legitimate
            interest. Sending you newsletters will allow you to stay up to date
            and receive the latest news about our App, including about the best
            price offers.In rare instances, we may use your email address to
            conduct cross-promotion, which will allow us to provide you with the
            opportunity to participate in special offers and promotions from our
            partners. Note that when you provide your email information by using
            “Sign in with Apple” you may choose either to share your email or to
            keep your personal email address private and to hide it (“Hide my
            email” option, if available), in the latter case Apple will generate
            and provide us with a unique, random email address that
            automatically forwards to your personal inbox. You also hereby
            acknowledge and accept the treatment of some categories of your
            personal data (i. e. the information about your name if you provide
            it, date of registration within the App, subscription purchase date,
            geolocation data, activity information, etc.) for market analysis
            activities, particularly for the purpose of delivering you targeted
            newsletters that most align with your needs and interests. The
            information about your email address that we have received may be
            transferred to the email marketing tool for the purposes of
            optimization and automation of the email delivery process (please
            check Section IV to learn more about the tool’s privacy policies and
            practices). You may also unsubscribe, opt-out of receiving
            communications to your email address at any time by using the
            resignation link provided in each email you receive from us. Your
            unsubscribe request shall be honored within a reasonable period of
            time.
Apple HealthKit Integration
We use the HealthKit framework in order for our App to be compatible
            with the Apple Health App and for data exchange between these two
            apps to be enabled under certain circumstances. After obtaining your
            explicit consent our App can access and import some categories of
            health data from your Health App. Once you have given appropriate
            permission, our App can read the following information from your
            Health App: your water and caffeine intake, sleep patterns, steps
            taken, exercise minutes, mental wellbeing, toothbrushing,
            handwashing, mindful minutes, running distance, walking distance,
            dietary sugar intake, etc.
In addition, our App may also write some data to the Health App.
            Such data includes the information about your water and caffeine
            intake, sleep patterns, mental wellbeing, toothbrushing,
            handwashing, mindful minutes, dietary sugar intake Note that we
            cannot read from or write your data to HealthKit store unless you
            specifically grant appropriate permission for each type of data. You
            can also deny our access to specific types of your Health App data,
            revoke your previously provided consent to data sharing between our
            App and the Health App at any time by choosing relevant options in
            the settings of our App or Health App.
We will process the data imported from your Health App upon your
            consent solely for the purpose of providing you with the complete
            functionality of the App. In particular, your Health App data will
            be conveniently displayed on the widgets so that the indicators of
            your interest are always at hand. Moreover, you will benefit from
            being able to log some indicators/parameters to the Health App
            straight from the relevant widget, e. g., your water intake, sleep
            patterns, etc.
Note that we do not use your Health App data obtained through the
            use of the HealthKit framework for advertising or similar purposes.
            We also do not sell information gained through HealthKit to
            advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellers. Data
            accessed through the use of HealthKit will not be shared with third
            parties (unless it is permitted by Apple documentation regarding the
            use of the HealthKit framework and we have obtained your explicit
            consent to such sharing).
Your device stores all HealthKit data locally. Therefore, we
            strongly recommend that you review applicable Apple HealthKit
            privacy policies and practices to learn more about your data
            storage.
III. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with
            new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information
            for the following purposes:
(a)
To make our service available.
We use
            functional information and information that is processed
            automatically to provide you with all requested services.
(b)
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App
. We use information that is processed automatically to better
            understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and
            technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our
            App.
(c)
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or
              other targeted content.
We may use information that is processed automatically for marketing
            purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your
            preferences). We provide personalized content and information to
            you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.
(d)
To communicate with you.
We use the contact
            information we have to communicate with you through newsletters,
            i.e. to send you marketing notifications, receive your feedback
            about our App experience, and let you know about our policies and
            terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you
            contact us.
(e)
To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce the law.
We
            really want our App to be free of spam and fraudulent content so
            that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent,
            detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially
            prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce
            our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will
            let you know we start to process information on that other purpose
            by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
IV. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways
            that are described in this Privacy policy. We adhere to the U.S.
            Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for the
            Mobile Environment.
Please note that while integrating external services we choose third
            parties that can assure they apply all necessary technical and
            organizational measures to protect user personal data. However, we
            cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted from us
            to any such third party. We are not responsible for any accidental
            loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of
            third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties,
            but we may share your information from tools like cookies, log
            files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party
            organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies
            for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties’
            tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with
            third-party advertising partners. This information allows
            third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted
            advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may engage the following third-party service providers in order
            to provide us with necessary infrastructure for delivery and
            improvement of our services:
Entity name
Services performed
Entity location
Link to Privacy Policy
AdMob (Google LLC)
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Amplitude Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://amplitude.com/privacy
AppLovin Corporation
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AppsFlyer Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy
Facebook (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Firebase Crashlytics (Google LLC)
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
InMobi Pte. Ltd, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies
Ad management service provider
India
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
Mindbox USA LLC
Email marketing tool
U.S.A.
https://maestra.io/documents/privacy-policy/
Mintegral entities
Ad management service provider
China
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy#privacy-policy-of-the-mintegral-services
Qonversion Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://qonversion.io/page/privacy
Unity Technologies
Ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle, Inc.
Ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://vungle.com/privacy/
In case you want to learn more about the services and privacy
            options (including opt-out) please consult the correspondent
            websites and privacy policies.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you
            may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible
            for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services
            linked to or from our App, including the information or content
            contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for
            objective reasons, due to the public interest or in other unforeseen
            circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to
              protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
              investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a
              portion of our assets, you will be notified via prominent notice
              in our App of any change in ownership or your personal information
              usage, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal
              information.
V. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We work in the cross-border area and provide our App to our Users
            around the world.
We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data
            processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising
            partners may transfer the automatically processed information across
            borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or
            jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws
            governing data processing that may differ from U.S. law, please note
            that we may transfer information, including personal information, to
            a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data
            protection laws as in your jurisdiction.
This means that your personal information can be transferred to a
            third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within
            that third country, or to the international organization where data
            protection and confidentiality regulations may not provide the same
            level of protection of a personal data as your country does.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides
            a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance
            with the current legislation on the protection of such information.
            By using the App, you agree that we may transfer your personal data
            to any third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors
            within that third country, or to the international organization.
For the purposes of data storage, we recourse to the services of the
            hosting organizations. We take your privacy seriously and,
            therefore, encrypt your personal data - if possible - before sending
            it to the hosting organizations for the purposes of its storage.
            Please note that we cooperate only with those hosting organizations
            that have passed our security and reliability check.
VI. HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is
            necessary for performing the functional service of the App and to
            comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use
            your information that we physically access and store, you can
            request that we erase your personal information and close your
            account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period
            (but no longer than the storage purpose requires) if information is
            necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting,
            audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings,
            prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
VII. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Applicable data protection laws give you certain rights regarding
            your personal information. You have the following options in
            relation to your personal information that was collected:
Data Access and Portability.
You can request
              copies of your personal information.
Change or Correct Data.
Where you cannot update
              data by yourself through your account, you have the right to ask
              to correct, change, update or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion.
The user data is
              generally retained for as long as your user profile is in
              existence or as it is needed to provide the relevant services.
              However, specific retention times can vary based on context of the
              processing performed. You have the right to ask to delete all or
              some of the personal data that is held about you.
Restriction of Processing.
Under certain
              circumstances, you may have the right to limit the ways in which
              your personal information is used.
Exercising the right to know about data sharing.
You have the right to know whether your data is shared with third
              parties. Detailed information on this issue is contained in
              section IV of the present Privacy policy, however, if you have
              further questions in this regard, you can contact us at any time.
To exercise any of the rights described above, you can contact us
            through
[contact form]
. Please bear in mind that we ensure the above mentioned rights
            only with respect to the information that we physically access and
            store.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data
            protection or a supervisory authority if you reasonably believe that
            your rights under applicable data protection laws have been
            breached. Please note that when you exercise your right to lodge a
            complaint with your local data protection or a supervisory
            authority, you may be required to provide additional information and
            support your complaint with sufficient objective evidence. By
            lodging a complaint you agree to provide sufficient explanation as
            to what you believe impaired your rights. Additionally, in some
            cases prior to lodging a complaint to your local data protection or
            a supervisory authority, you may be required to send your initial
            claim directly to us and ask for clarifications if necessary.
When your personal information is processed automatically you may
            object to such processing in some circumstances. Where your personal
            information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask
            to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes.
            In order to exercise your right please contact the third party
            services listed in the Section IV of this Privacy policy to learn
            how you can object to processing your data. Most of them have clear
            instructions on their privacy pages, functional API or other
            options.
If you are located in the European Union, you may address our
            representative when you have questions on privacy issues: Konrad
            Gutowski,
privacy@aiby.com
.
VIII. HOW TO OPT OUT
Opt-out of marketing tracking
You can manage your activity tracking permissions. Inter alia, if
            you do not want third-party service providers to use the
            personalized ads on the basis of your interests please follow the
            instructions below:
For iOS devices: go to Settings > Privacy & Security (or “Privacy”
              in earlier versions of iOS) > Tracking, then tap to turn off or
              turn on permission to track for a specific app.
You can also control whether apps can ask for permission to track
              your activity. If you do not want to be asked for your permission,
              or do not want apps to access your device’s Advertising
              Identifier, go to Settings > Privacy & Security (or “Privacy” in
              earlier versions of iOS) > Tracking and then disable the “Allow
              Apps to Request to Track” switch. If you turn off "Allow Apps to
              Request to Track", you will not get prompts from apps that want to
              track your activity. Each app that asks for permission to track
              while this setting is turned off will be treated as if you tapped
              “Ask App Not to Track”.
Please find additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT212025
or in the Settings > Privacy & Security (or “Privacy” in earlier
              versions of iOS) > Tracking section on your device.
If you want to disable Apple’s ad targeting, go to Settings >
              Privacy & Security (or “Privacy” in earlier versions of iOS) >
              Apple Advertising, then set the “Personalized Ads” switch to the
              “off” position. Please find additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
You can also visit
https://youradchoices.com
for the same purpose.
Please mind that when you opt out of certain interest based
            advertising, you may still continue to receive contextual ads based
            on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the
            content of other digital products you are using.
Opt-out of Location Data Processing
If you do not want third-party service providers to use your precise
            location data, or street-level location information about you please
            follow the instructions below:
For iOS devices: turn Location Services off for the applicable
              Product via the menu “Settings > Privacy & Security (or “Privacy”
              in earlier versions of iOS) > Location Services”. Then select the
              applicable App and set the “Share My Location” status to “Never”.
              Please see additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033.
IX. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us.
            We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the
            personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and
            once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal
            information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure,
            alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved
            in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures,
            which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as
            data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the
            necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data
            to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms,
            including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or
            method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to
            protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its
            absolute security. In the event that your personal information is
            compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in
            compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of our App, you can
            contact us through the contact form displayed below.
X. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children. Therefore, we do not knowingly
            collect or solicit any personal information from children. For the
            purposes of this Section X the terms “child” and/or “children” in
            the context of data processing activities may be interpreted on a
            case-by-case basis as prescribed by applicable data protection laws.
No one who is considered a “child” under applicable data
              protection laws is allowed to directly provide any personal
              information to the App.
As a general rule we consider a person under the age of 16 to be
            regarded as a “child” until we have legal grounds to conclude that a
            person under 16 should be treated as an adult as per provisions of
            local data protection rules or based on the parent authorization
            provided to us directly. Solely the holders of parental
            responsibility are liable for preventing their children from
            providing personal information via the App without relevant
            verifiable parental consent. If we learn that we have collected
            personal information from a child without verification of parental
            consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If
            you reasonably believe that we might have any information from or
            about a child, or a child has directly provided us with personal
            information via the App without verifiable parental consent, please
            contact us.
XI. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy is updated regularly.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes
            to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider
            appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates
            as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
XII. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy policy, please feel
            free to contact us via
[support form]
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 4
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 8
https://maestra.io/documents/privacy-policy/:
Privacy & Legal
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 18.11.2024, Version 3.0
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Mindbox USA LLC (collectively, “
Maestra
,” “
we
” or “
us
”) when you use our website
maestra.io
(“
Website
”), online marketing automation platform services (“
Platform
”) (collectively, “
Services
”), or when you otherwise interact with us. This Privacy Policy also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of personal information collected about you through our Services. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it before you start to use our Services.
This Website is owned and operated by, or on behalf of, Maestra.
By accessing and using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the content of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Information you provide to us through the services
We collect and process the information you provide directly to us via the Services. Personal data submitted through the Services include the details you submit when you use our Website, Platform, fill out a form, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, company name, phone number and any other information you choose to provide.
Information we collect automatically when you use the services
When you access or use the Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Files: We gather certain information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to the Services, and store it in log files. We do not monitor or log data collected from your servers when using the Services, but we may log or monitor information about your access to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy page
here
.
Information we collect from other sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services for purposes of advertising and user authentication.
Use of information
We may use information about you to:
Enable you to have full access to the Services;
Provide, maintain and improve the Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests, and provide customer support;
Create your Maestra account and identify you when you sign in to your account in accordance with your agreement with us
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Maestra and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Maestra and others;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Notify you about important changes to the Services, including changes or updates to this Privacy Policy;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs, and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
Sharing of information
We may share your personal information as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers we have vetted and approved who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf. This includes companies providing the following services for our Website and/or Platform: hosting services, authentication services, cyber security and anti-fraud services, and advertising;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is permitted by, in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process such as to comply with a subpoena or applicable court order;
With any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy or under any agreement we enter into with you or to protect the rights, property and safety of Maestra or third parties;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Maestra assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among Maestra and all companies affiliated with Maestra who may act for us for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership;
With analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Website, subject to our Cookies Policy; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Sale of personal information
If you are a resident of the state of California, you have the right to know whether your personal information is being sold. Your personal information is sold when it is shared with a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration for a purpose that is not a “business purpose” as set forth in the CCPA.
We do not sell your personal information. While we do not sell any personal information, we can provide information to partners to enable us to provide you with the interest-based advertising and communications with you. If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising, you can opt-out or opt-in via
support@maestra.io
.
We share your personal information with:
Meta Platforms Inc. (Facebook), the U.S.
Privacy notice
. Personal information: email, phone number. Purpose: targeting advertising. The processing period: until the purpose is reached or consent is withdrawn.
LinkedIn Corporation, the U.S.
Privacy notice
. Personal information shared: email, phone number. Purpose: targeting advertising. The processing period: until the purpose is reached or consent is withdrawn.
Pipedrive Inc., the U.S.
Privacy notice
. Personal information shared: name, company, email, phone number. Purpose: storing customer databases for sales and marketing purposes, communications. The processing period: until the purpose is reached or consent is withdrawn.
Maestra B.V., the Netherlands.
Privacy notice
. Personal information shared: name, company, email, phone number. Purpose: storing customer database for sales and marketing purposes, communications. The processing period: until the purpose is reached or consent is withdrawn.
HubSpot Inc., the U.S.
Privacy policy
. Personal information shared: name, company, email, phone number. Purpose: storing customer databases for sales and marketing purposes, communications. The processing period: until the purpose is reached or consent is withdrawn.
Infobip, United Kingdom.
Privacy policy
. Personal information: first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information. Purpose: provide global mobile messaging and infrastructure services.
DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Do Not Track (DNT) is a feature that users can enable on website browsers to request that websites and ad companies don’t track their web browsing activities.
If you are a resident of the state of California, you have the right to know whether or not our website complies with Do Not Track requests.
Our website honors your Do Not Track requests. The third-party partners might not honor Do Not Track requests.
Lawful basis for processing your information
We are required to state the lawful basis under which we process the personal data of our users. Accordingly, the lawful bases upon which we process your personal information are as follows:
Where it is necessary to obtain your prior consent to the processing concerned in order for us to be allowed to do it, for instance in relation to direct marketing, we will obtain and rely on your consent in relation to the processing concerned;
Otherwise, we will process your personal data only where the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are a subject; or
For the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us in promoting our business, providing the Platform to our business customers pursuant to or legal agreements with them, and in ensuring the security, accessibility and improvement of our Website and Platform and the development of new technology and services.
When we ask your consent
If you request a planform demo, you provide us with your personal information, including your name, company, email and phone. We ask your consent to process your personal information when you fill in the form with your data.
We do not offer services intended for children
We provide services intended for companies (B2B). We do not offer services intended for children and do not process their personal information.
We do not collect your sensitive information
Sensitive information is personal data which includes, for instance, political affiliation, racial or ethnic information, sexual preferences, health data, biometric information, precise geolocations, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, identification numbers and other sensitive data.
We do not collect and use your sensitive data and therefore do not offer to limit the use of your sensitive personal information.
External links
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such websites.
Advertising and analytics services provided by others
We allow the following companies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and in applications: Google Analytics & Google Tag Manager, Facebook, LinkedIn, using email addresses and cookies that are collected. These entities use technologies including cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other tools to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Maestra and Maestra service providers to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests in our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about cookies, please see below. For further information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please see Maestra’s Cookie Policy
here
.
Information collected on behalf of customers in providing our platform
In the case of personal information we handle or receive on behalf of a customer in connection with their access to, and use of, our Platform (“
Customer PI
”), we have no direct relationship with the customer’s employees or other individuals with whom that customer may interact with respect to the Platform. If you are such an employee or individual and are seeking access to, or would like to correct, amend or delete, Customer PI, you should direct your query to the applicable customer. We will respond within a reasonable timeframe to a customer’s request to remove Customer PI.
We will not use Customer PI except for the purpose of providing and supporting the Services for the applicable customer. Customer PI will be retained for as long as needed for that purpose and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Marketing
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing and to provide you with promotional updates and communications by email about our products/services. You can object to further marketing at any time by selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional electronic communications to you, or by contacting us using the contact details set out in the “Your Choices” and “Your Rights” sections of this Privacy Policy.
Security
We take reasonable steps, including physical, technical and organizational measures, to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. Unfortunately, transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information submitted to us.
Your personal information will be retained by Maestra for the duration of your account and may be retained for a period after this time as necessary and relevant to our legitimate interests, our terms of agreement with you and in accordance with applicable legal obligations. This may include retention necessary to meet our tax reporting requirements as well as time required to enforce the relevant terms of agreement or to identify, issue or resolve legal proceedings.
We may retain a record of your stated objection to the processing of your data, including in respect of an objection to receiving marketing communications, for the sole legitimate purpose of ensuring that we can continue to respect your wishes and not contact you further, during the term of your objection.
Transfer of information to the U.S. and other countries
Maestra is based in the United States. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you understand that your information will be subject to processing, transfer and storage in and to the U.S. and other countries where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
Your choices
Account Information
Our customers may access, update or change personal information they have provided by logging into the Services or emailing us at
support@maestra.io
.
Subject to the terms of their agreements with us, Customers may deactivate their accounts by emailing us at
support@maestra.io
, but note that we may retain certain personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations or for legitimate business purposes, such as to resolve disputes or enforce our agreements. We may also retain cached or archived copies of personal information for a certain period of time.
If you are an individual with whom one of our customers interacts with respect to the Services (e.g., an employee of a customer), as noted above, you should direct any requests regarding access, modification or deletion of personal information to the applicable customer.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. For more information, please see Maestra’s Cookie Policy
here
.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Maestra by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing
support@maestra.io
. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Your rights under CCPA and VCDPA
Under the CCPA, you have the right to know what personal information about you Maestra collected, used or shared; to delete your personal information; to correct inaccurate personal information; to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information (if applicable); to opt out of the sale of your personal information (if applicable); to non-discriminatory treatment for exercising any rights; to contact the competent local supervisory authority, to initiate a private cause of action for data breaches.
Under the VCPDA, you have the following rights: to know, access, confirm, delete, correct personal information; to obtain a copy of personal information in a portable and readily usable format; to opt out of the processing of personal information for targeted advertising, sale, profiling; to not be discriminated against for exercising any of the foregoing rights.
Contact us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or you have a request in relation to your personal information, please contact us at: Mindbox USA LLC,
support@maestra.io
.
We use functional cookies to make this website work properly and analytical- and tracking cookies to enhance your experience, to share content via social media and to tailor advertisements to your preferences.
Click here to read our cookie policy
and how you can manage your cookie settings.
OK
Disagree
Sub-policy 9
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy#privacy-policy-of-the-mintegral-services:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 10
https://qonversion.io/page/privacy:
Qonversion Privacy Policy
Updated September 1, 2023
Your privacy is important to us, and we are committed to protecting your personal data. We want you to feel confident when using the Qonversion service and comfortable with how your data is used.
✓ We are committed to being transparent about the information we collect, how we use it, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of the information.
✓ We believe that you should have control over the data you transmit to Qonversion. We will never share your data without your permission (unless required by law) and will provide you with a clear means to be able to delete your data from our systems.
✓ We believe that you own and will always own all data you upload to the Qonversion Service. We will never claim ownership rights to any of your data and only ask you to grant us the rights necessary to provide the service.
Qonversion is a Software as a Service platform that can be used by mobile app owners, mobile app developers, or anyone else (“you”, “your”, “customers”) who can be interested in the provided service. By using this service, you agree to allow us to collect and process information as described below. If you have any questions or believe that some data has been transmitted into Qonversion that should not have been, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
✓ Log-in Information: If you create a Qonversion account, you provide your email address, name and create a password that we store so you can access and use the Qonversion service.
✓ Website Use Information: Subject to your opt-out preferences, we use tools (including Google Analytics) to collect information from visitors in order to better understand how they use our website (e.g., browser type, domains, page views). You may opt out of Google Analytics cookies using Opt-Out Features on their website. We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our web application; these disappear after you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to the site. You can change your internet browser settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you turn off cookies, parts of the Qonversion service may not work for you.
✓ Team Account Information: If your User Account is linked to a Team Account, the administrator of the Team Account will be able to see your name, user name and other personally identifiable information. Your organization’s privacy policy and terms, not Qonversion’s, will apply to their use and storage of your information.
✓ Purchase Information: If you purchase paid features of the Qonversion service, we collect your name, billing and shipping address, credit card information and any other information necessary to complete the transaction.
End user technical information can be received and processed by us if you are using Qonversion Software Development Kit (“SDK”) or other Qonversion products and services. We collectively refer to such information as the “End User Technical Information”. The End User Technical Information includes:
✓ End user’s mobile device type, operating system and version number
✓ IP address
✓ Advertiser ID
✓ App version
✓ Carrier
✓ Country
✓ Locale
✓ Time zone
✓ Device push token
✓ Qonversion SDK version
✓ Apple receipt file
✓ Google purchase token
✓ End user’s transaction information in your mobile or web app
✓ Time end user’s last used your app
✓ If you choose to enable User Properties information, you might send any additional metadata associated with a user.
USAGE: We may use information that we collect about you, including personal information, to:
✓ Provide the Qonversion service: We will use your information to provide the Qonversion service to you; to manage your account; to respond to your inquiries; and for other customer service and support purposes. We use the payment information you provide to us in order to alert you of past, current, and upcoming charges and to perform internal finance processes, such as looking up the status of a credit card charge. In the event of a credit card dispute, we may also share account information with your bank to verify the legitimacy of a charge.
✓ Understand and improve upon our products: We will perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others. We do this to help make the Qonversion Service better and to develop new products.
✓ Qonversion may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Technical Information for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“Aggregated Data”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the customer or any end user.
✓ Communicate with you.
✓ Service-related communications: We may send you service and administrative emails to ensure the Qonversion service is working properly. These messages are considered part of the Qonversion service, and you may not opt out of these messages while you have an active account.
✓ Promotional: Subject to your opt-out preference, we may send you emails about new product features or other news about Qonversion or on topics we think would be relevant to you. You may opt-out of receiving these communications at any time. Please see the Your Rights and Choices section below for more information.
✓ Responding to your requests: We will use your information to respond to your questions, service issues, or comments.
✓ Administrative: We may contact you to inform you about the Qonversion service, changes in the Qonversion service, and other important service-related notices, such as changes to our Privacy Policy or security or fraud notices.
✓ Protecting Rights and Interests: We will use your information to protect our rights and interests, as well as the rights and interests of our users and any other person, as well as to enforce our Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.
✓ Legal Compliance: We may use your information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including informal requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
TRANSFER: We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for purposes of providing you with Qonversion services. These third parties may use your information to perform services on our behalf and to offer you other products or services that may be of interest to you. Except as described herein, Qonversion will only provide personally identifiable information collected on the website to a third party if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information (such as usage statistics or other information) with third parties at any time and for any reason.
Where we store your information
The information we collect from you will be stored in Microsoft Azure data centres in the UK in the following locations: London. Azure is certified in the international standard SOC 2 Type 2 and ISO. You can find detailed information on Azure’s certification
here
.
LEGAL BASIS: We rely on the following legal grounds to process your personal information:
✓ Consent: We may use your personal information as described in this Policy subject to your consent. To withdraw your consent, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. You may also refrain from providing or withdrawing your consent for cookies. Please see Your Rights and Choices below for more information on opt-outs.
✓ Performance of a Contract: We may need to collect and use your personal information, as applicable, to perform our contractual obligations to you.
✓ Legitimate Interests: We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests to provide and improve upon the Qonversion Service. We process the information on behalf of our customers who have legitimate interests in operating their businesses. We may use technical information as described in this Policy and use personal information for our marketing purposes consistent with our legitimate interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable law.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES:
✓ Account: In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete, you can log in to review and update your account information, including contact and billing information, via your account settings page. You may also contact us to request information about the personal data we have collected from you and to request the correction, modification or deletion of such personal information. We will do our best to honour your requests subject to any legal and contractual obligations. If you would like to make a request, cancel your account or request we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you with the Services, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. Subject to applicable law, we will retain and use your account information only as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
✓ Email: If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you may opt-out at any time by following the opt-out link contained in the email itself or by emailing us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) days to process your request. Please also note that if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may continue to send you service-related emails which are not available for opt-out. If you do not wish to receive any service-related emails from us, you have the option to deactivate your account.
✓ Cookies: You may also refrain from providing or withdrawing your consent for cookies. Your browser’s help function should contain instructions on how to set your computer to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time.
✓ Additional Rights: Subject to local law, you may have additional rights under the laws of your jurisdiction regarding your personal data, such as the right to complain to your local data protection authority.
✓ Qonversion also may inform the unlimited audience about the use of the Qonversion Service by any of our Customers, for example, in portfolio and advertising by using company names, logos, and app icons without acknowledgement or compensation to you.
GDPR
✓ Qonversion has no direct agreement with customers’ end users. Customers are responsible for ensuring that Users’ Personal Information has been collected in accordance with applicable law.
✓ Qonverion’s Customers install a Software Development Kit (“SDK”) on their mobile app(s) and site(s). The SDK facilitates the transfer of User Personal Information to Qonversion so that Qonversion can provide service to the Customers.
✓ Qonversion only receives User Personal Information that Customers have provided us for the business purposes of providing the Services. EU (European Union) individuals have rights in relation to their personal data, which is processed by Qonversion. If you are an EU data subject, you may by emailing us at
compliance@qonversion.io
:
– Request access to the personal data concerned.
– Request that any incorrect personal data about you that we are processing be rectified.
– Request that we erase the personal data concerned.
Withdraw your consent at any time where we are processing personal data relating to you on the basis of your prior consent to that processing, after which we shall stop the processing concerned.
Lodge a formal complaint with the Information Commissioner in Ireland (or your local EU supervisory authority if you live outside the UK) if you have a complaint about any processing of your personal data being conducted by us.
If the requested EU Data is User Personal Information, please include the name of the applicable customer in your request; we will refer the request to that customer to respond directly to you and will support them as needed to respond to your request.
CCPA
✓ Qonversion acts as a Service Provider under the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”). Qonversion follows the Customer(s)’ instructions in processing the User Personal Information for the business purposes of providing the Services. Qonversion follows the Customer(s)’ instructions to delete any User Personal Information requested. Qonversion does not sell its Users’ Personal Information as defined under CCPA. Qonversion upholds Users’ right to non-discrimination as defined under CCPA.
SECURITY: Qonversion takes security very seriously. We use commercially standard methods to transmit your content securely, including HTTPS, SSL, and 128-bit encryption.
Qonversion is hosted in the UK. Qonversion uses the following sub-contractor:
Microsoft Azure (SOC 2 Type II certified and GDPR compliant provider)
Datacenter location: London, United Kingdom.
Children Under 13: The Qonversion service is not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such children. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) and you believe your child may have provided us with personal information, please notify us at
compliance@qonversion.io
.
Business Transitions: Upon the sale or transfer of the company and its assets, we will require a purchaser to treat our data under the privacy statement in place at the time of its collection.
Changes to Privacy Policy: Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If we decide to change our privacy policy, then we will post those changes to this Privacy Notice and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Questions, Concerns and Comments: If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us:
Qonversion Inc.
1160 Battery Street East
Suites 100
San Francisco
94111
Email:
compliance@qonversion.io
Sub-policy 11
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 12
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences