Updated version on July 18th 2023.
UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. has developed the application “LA VUELTA OFFICIAL APPLICATION” which is accessible through the Apple Store and Play Store, hereafter referred to as the "Application”. With this Application, UNIPUBLIC. and SKODA aim to provide to cycling fans, in real time, with all the information about La Vuelta on their Smartphone and/or Tablet.
1. Main goal
The purpose of these Terms and Conditions ('T&C') is to define the terms and conditions applicable when Users use the Official Application ('Users'). By accessing, downloading, installing and/or using the Application, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted these General Terms and Conditions ('T&C'). You will be asked to accept these T&C when installing the Application. UNIPUBLIC may modify and update these T&C at any time, to consider the changes made in the Application, the services proposed and the Applicable regulations. All the changes we make will be applicable with no undue delay after being notified to Users, by any means, including, but not limited to, the publication of a revised version of these General Terms & Conditions of the Application. You can find out the revision date of these T&C by referring to the “Last Update" on the top of them. Spanish version of these T & C prevails over any translation in any langua
2. Legal Notice
Editor:
Recorded in the Companies Registry of Madrid under the number 1. Sheet: 31222, page 1, volume 4038, general 3266. Section 3 du Corporate Ledger. CIF. A 28406775 Email : info@unipublic.es Editor : Javier Guillén
Host:
Skale-5, Société d’Infogérance située au 33 avenue des Champs Elysées, 75 008 Paris, France., RCS Paris 839 369 048
3. Definitions
The following terms are defined as follows:
Data:
means any information the User provides when downloading and installing the Application.
Personal Data
: means any information that directly or indirectly identifies a User within the meaning of the Spanish “Ley Orgánica 3/2018, de 5 de diciembre, de Protección de Datos Personales y garantía de los derechos”(hereinafter “LOPD”), as well as within the meaning of the EU Regulation 2016/679, The General Data Protection Regulation, (hereinafter "GDPR").
User
: means any natural person connected to the Application.
Official Application
: means the platform called LA VUELTA, and accessible via the Apple Store and Google Play Store.
Data processing:
Operations carried out on the Data (collection, storage, deletion, etc.).
Consent:
The authorization of persons to process their Data which can be modified or removed at any time.
Data controller:
UNPUBLIC S.A.U., the legal entity which is the main decision-maker as it exercises overall control over the purposes and means of the processing of personal data of the Users of the Application.
Geolocation
: process allowing You to follow a route.
4. Intellectual Property Rights
UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. is the exclusive owner and holder of all Intellectual Property rights related to the Application (content and form): logo, graphic charter and site map, texts, section titles, pages, scripts, icons, pictograms, photographs, videos, data, statistics and any other editorial content.
It is strictly forbidden for the User to reproduce and/or use the trademarks, logos and domain names used on the Official Application.
It is strictly forbidden to copy, reproduce, modify, republish, download, distort, transmit or distribute in any way whatsoever, in any form or mean whatsoever, in whole or in part, any component of the Application (texts, articles, photos, drawings, images, videos, data, statistics, etc.) without the prior written consent of UNIPUBLIC, except for the strict use for press purposes and subject to respect for intellectual property rights and any other property rights mentioned.
Any total or partial representation of the Application by any means whatsoever, without the express authorization of UNIPUBLIC is prohibited and would constitute a forgery that could engage its author’s civil and penal liability.
UNIPUBLIC thus reserves the right to sue any act of infringement of its intellectual property rights.
Only private copying is allowed for personal, private and non-commercial use.
Any reproduction of any content is therefore, as a matter of principle, strictly proscribed without the express consent of its author.
However, a partial reproduction (right of quotation) may be tolerated provided that the following statement is clearly and visibly mentioned: "This content is reproduced from [specify the title and address of the source of the reproduced content LA VUELTA OFFICIAL APPLICATION], which may have been updated since [add the date] the Official Application was last accessed”.
Users will be able to access the Official Application through the "Apple Store" and "Play Store" and download it to their smartphones or tablets.
5. Personal data
By installing the Application, the User is required to provide us with certain data, some of which can directly or indirectly identify the User and are therefore considered as Personal Data (hereinafter "the Data").
In general, the Data communicated by Users through the Application is aimed to be processed by the authorised personnel of UNIPUBLIC, which is the Data Controller of this Data.
In the scope of the use of the Application, UNIPUBLIC transfers or is likely to transfer User's Data to:
· Data Processor which hosts the Application: SKALE-5
· Data Processor which pushes the notifications to Users: IMEDIAPP S.A.
· Other providers or Data Processors authorized as social networks (hereinafter referred to as "Authorized Third Party").
5.1 Data collected:
In the scope of the Use of the Application, the following Data is, or may be collected, in compliance with User’s Consent.
5.1.1
By UNIPUBLIC
. Geolocation data (GSM/GPS) will be collected and processed by UNIPUBLIC if the User has consented when installing the Application on his smartphone or tablet.
5.2 Purposes of use of the User's personal data:
The processing of User's personal data has the following purposes:
· Discover the race of La Vuelta
· If the User has consented to be geolocated, he/she will be able to occasionally share its position in order to follow route.
· If the User has consented to receive notifications, the User will be able to precisely select which notifications he/she wishes to receive on his or her smartphone or tablet:
o      The real departure of La Vuelta;
o      The highlights;
o      The classification at the arrival of the stage;
o      The summary of the day's highlights after each stage
o      The video summary
·         Follow La Vuelta on the social networks Twitter and Instagram;
·         Receive information about La Vuelta from our Partners' applications;
·         Receive, if the User agrees, Information and offers relative to La Vuelta.
·         Participate in the Fantasy League game;
·         Know our main partners and access their Sites if the User wishes to do so.
The User is free to modify or withdraw his/her consent at any time.
5
.3 Links to Third Party Sites
The User may be transferred to Applications or Third-Party Sites, which may be developed or hosted by UNIPUBLIC service providers. These include La Vuelta Games Site: the official La Vuelta game. The User will be able to download the games to his smartphone or tablet from the "Apple Store" and “Play Store" platforms.
5.4 Data protection:
UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. implements and maintains all technical and organisational measures necessary to guarantee the security of the Data, in compliance with Article 32 of the GDPR.  UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. undertakes to ensure that Authorized Third Parties take all necessary security measures to ensure the integrity, security and confidentiality of the Data.
5.5. Data retention:
UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. has implemented the principle of data minimisation and only retains your Data for the duration necessary to fulfil the Purposes described in section 5.2. UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. retains your Data for a period of one year unless you request their deletion beforehand. At the end of this period, we delete your data securely and ask our processors to do the same.
5.6. User rights:
In accordance with the applicable regulations on the protection of personal data and, in particular, Organic Law 3/2018, of 5 December, on Personal Data Protection and Guarantee of Digital Rights (LOPD), and Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the User of the Application has the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, objection and data portability, in accordance with articles 15 through 21 of the GDPR. User also has the right not to be subject to automated individual decision-making based on the Data concerning him or her, in accordance with article 22 of the GDPR.
5.6.1        Definitions of User data rights:
Post-mortem right:
User may establish general or specific guidelines relating to the retention, erasure and transmission of User's Data following his or her death, in accordance with article 96 of the LOPD.
Right of access:
User may request access to his or her Data and ask to receive the Data that we hold concerning him or her, provided in an accessible and readable format.
Right to rectification:
User may request the modification, rectification or updating of inaccurate or incomplete Data concerning him or her.
Right to erasure:
User may request the erasure or deletion of all or part of the Data concerning him or her, free of charge, within the limits of the obligations to which we are subject in accordance with the applicable regulations.
Right to data portability:
User may ask to receive the Data concerning him or her, which he or she has provided to us through his or her Consent, in a format that is accessible and machine-readable.
Right to restriction of processing:
User may request that we restrict the processing of Data concerning him or her for specific cases specified by law: questioning their accuracy, when you object to their deletion for legitimate reasons. User shall present to UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. any information or document needed to identify him or her.
Right to object:
User may object to the processing of Data concerning him or her for legitimate reasons, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, or in the cases specified on the website of the Spanish Data Protection Agency:
https://www.aepd.es/es/documento/formulario-derecho-de-oposicion.pdf.
Right not to be subject to automated individual decision-making:
User may request not to be subject to automated individual decision-making based on the Data concerning him or her, whenever this produces legal effects concerning him or her or similarly significantly affects him or her.
5.6.2 How to exercise your rights over the Data concerning you
Any User of the Application may exercise his or her rights with UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. by filling out the form available from h
ttps://www.unipublic.es/en/request-management
, which is automatically sent to the DPO of UNIPUBLIC S.A.U., or by writing to:
UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER C/Isla de Hierro 7, San Sebastián de los Reyes 28703 Madrid (SPAIN).
User is hereby informed that, in accordance with article 12 of the GDPR, we may request a document proving his or her identity in order to verify that he or she is not a victim of identity theft.
UNIPUBLIC S.A.U. shall respond to any request to exercise rights within the legal deadline of thirty (30) days following receipt of the requested supporting documents, provided that the initial request is complete, in accordance with article 12 of the GDPR.
Any request that does not provide us with all the necessary elements to process it within the legal deadline shall interrupt said deadline and extend it until all necessary documents and information have been provided.
Finally, User has the right to lodge a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency (AEPD) if you believe that we are not respecting your rights:
https://www.aepd.es/es/derechos-y-deberes/conoce-tus-derechos
6. Responsability
Moreover, UNIPUBLIC cannot be held responsible for any malfunction affecting the network or of the servers or any other event beyond its reasonable control, which would prevent or damage the access to the Application. UNIPUBLIC reserves the right to temporarily interrupt, suspend or modify without notice the access to the whole or to a part of the Application, to ensure its maintenance, or for any other reason. UNIPUBLIC cannot therefore be held liable for any damage, whatever its nature, resulting from the unavailability of the Application. The User acknowledges that he/she is informed and accepts that UNIPUBLIC cannot, for any reason or in any form whatsoever, be held responsible for the creation, deletion, failure to deliver or store digital data or personalized installations of the Users, placed under their sole and entire responsibility. The User acknowledges that he/she implements, for his/her part, all security measures allowing him/her to protect his/her own data and/or software from contamination by possible viruses circulating on the Download Platform used to install La Vuelta Application in his/her smartphone or tablet. The Application is provided based on an "as it is" service and is accessible according to its availability. UNIPUBLIC does not provide any express or implicit guarantee, including, guarantees relating to the quality and compatibility of the Application for a specific use, neither the guarantee of the non-violation of the rules related to the use of the Application by Users. This list is not exhaustive. The speed of the flow of information is specific to each network; UNIPUBLIC's responsibility cannot, under any circumstances, be sought in this regard. UNIPUBLIC cannot give any guarantee of reliability of the information available on the Application whether provided by UNIPUBLIC., its partners and/or any third party.
7. Applicable law
These T&Cs are governed by Spanish law. In the event of a dispute, an friendly solution will be sought before any legal action is taken by bringing the claim to the attention of UNIPUBLIC, in the form of a registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt, within ten (10) days of the date that the dispute arises.
8. Contact
Should you have any question about these T&C, you can contact UNIPUBLC by writing to info@unipublic.es