Products
All Products
Loyal Exchange
App Portfolio
Acquisitions
Company
News
Let's Talk
Let's Talk
Privacy Policy
Terms of use & Privacy policy
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of Newsfusion applications (the “Application”) and any information or content that is made available through the Application (“Content”). LOYAL Foundry, Inc. (“Newsfusion” or “LOYAL Foundry” or “We” or “the Company”) is willing to license the Application to you only upon the condition that you abide by these terms. By accessing and/or using the Application you are indicating that you agree to abide by these Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE APPLICATION.
License to Service
Transferable license to: (i) install only one (1) copy of the Application on any iPhone or iPod touch that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service (ii) to access and use the Application, solely for your own personal use. You may not: (i) copy, modify or distribute the Application for any purpose; (ii) transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent orotherwise distribute the Application or the Service to any third party; (iii) decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or create derivative works of the Application; (iv) make the functionality of the Application available to multiple users through anymeans; or (v) use the Application in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with these Terms; (vi) use the Application in any manner that conflicts with the App Store Terms of Service.
Third Party Content and Services
All information (such as data files, written text, computer software, music, audio files or other sounds, photographs, videos or other images) which you may have access to as part of, or through your use of, the Application, are the sole responsibility of the person or entity from which such content originated. All such information is referred to below as the “Content”.
Content presented to you through the Application, including but not limited to advertisements in the Application and sponsored Content presented within the Application may be protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by third parties (“Third Party Content”). You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on this Content (either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by the owners of that Content, in a separate agreement.
Ownership
The Application is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, we (or our licensors) exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Application, including all associated intellectual property rights in the Application. You may not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Application or in any Third Party application. You acknowledge and agree that any feedback, comments or suggestions you may provide regarding the Application (“Feedback”) will be the sole and exclusive property of the company and you hereby irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title and interest in and to all Feedback.In the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights in the Application, Company shall be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
Privacy
LOYAL Foundry keeps your personal information private. This means we do not share your information with anyone. This includes your subscription data, reading history, topic preferences or any other personal setting or activity information you produce when using our products/apps. Additionally, we take precautions to protect your information from malicious hacking by adhering to industry best practices and security standards.
LOYAL Foundry’s apps do not require or use any personal information in order to fully function. However, the apps do allow you, the user, to set certain content preferences, including favorite topics, blocked sources, topics to be notified about, and related preferences. We consider these preferences your personal data, and it is never shared with any 3rd party.
If you choose to use the app’s built-in commenting/community features, the app will request that you sign-in via a 3rd-party identity provider (for instance – Google, Facebook, or Twitter) so you can be authenticated to access your personal profile. Users’ comments, posts, votes, and related community activity all need to saved in order to provide these community features. We consider this data (as far as it pertains to your own activity) your personal data, and it is never shared with any 3rd party.
LOYAL Foundry does use your personal data internally to optimize the app/product experience for you. This process is automated and does not involve humans.
LOYAL Foundry works with 3rd party advertising partners who may be collecting information per their own privacy policies. This may include your mobile device identifier, a cookie identifier, or other information about your device for interest-based advertising purposes. These 3rd parties do not get any private information from LOYAL Foundry, but they have their own collection mechanisms on which their own individual privacy policies apply. These parties includes Facebook, Google, Twitter, Teads, and other advertising companies, which could be added/removed from time to time. These partners are only able to collect the information you produce when seeing their ads. Since these parties know when their ads are being shown, they can tell that you are using LOYAL Foundry apps.
As noted, LOYAL Foundry does not sell any personal information. However, under some laws in some territories (for instance, CCPA), letting 3rd party advertisers display ads as described above might technically constitute such a “sale”. You may opt out of this by using your mobile platform settings: On iOS, by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting, and on Android devices, by enabling the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting. If you’re having any difficulty with the setting please write us at hello@loyal.app and we’d be happy to help.
We use third-party advertising companies to server ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Termination
If you breach any of the terms of these Terms, we have the right to suspend or disable your access to or use of the Application.
Use of the Service at Your Own Risk
Your access to and use of the Application is at your own risk. By using the Application, you may be exposed to Content that might be inaccurate, incomplete, delayed, unreliable, offensive, harmful or otherwise inappropriate material. Under nocircumstances will we be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content transmitted or otherwise made available viathe Application. You agree that we have no responsibility or liability forthe deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Application.
Maintenance and Support
Company shall be responsible for providing any maintenance and support with respect to the Application, whether by itself or through any other third party designated by Company. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application.
Disclaimers
You understand and agree that the Application is provided to you “AS IS” and on an “AS AVAILABLE” basis. Without limiting the foregoing, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the Application will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality of any products, services or Content provided through the Application or the accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness orreliability of any Content provided through the Application.Additionally, in the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Licensed Application to you; and that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Application.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE APPLICABLE LAW, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOUPAID FOR THE APPLICATION. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS,DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE APPLICATION ; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANYTHIRD PARTY ON THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROMTHE APPLICATION; AND (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ORANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITSESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
General Terms of Use
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between You and the Company with respect to the subject matter and supersedes any prior proposals, understandings and contemporaneous communications. These Terms will be governed by and construedin accordance with the laws of Israel, without regard to or application of conflicts of law rules or principles. You and Company irrevocably submit any and all disputes arising with respect to these Terms to the sole jurisdiction of the competent courts of Tel Aviv. If any part of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in fullforce and effect.
Third Party Beneficiary
Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of the Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Terms against you, as a third party beneficiary thereof.
‍
We have a written agreement with Intuizi, Inc. (“Intuizi Agreement”) to process data we receive from you for the purpose of verification and device authentication across the internet and to better understand your interests for advertising targeting, research, and/or improving our products and services.
Before sending data to Intuizi, we de-identify all of our data by encrypting any information that is linked or can be reasonably be used by Intuizi or a third party to link to an identified or identifiable consumer (e.g. no home addresses, driver’s license or state identification number, passport information, financial account number, login credentials, payment card information, MAIDs, universal IDs, IP addresses, email addresses or other personal data are sent to Intuizi). Our Intuizi Agreement prohibits Intuizi or any third party from attempting to re-identify the sources of our de-identified data. If you assert a right provided by our Privacy Policy or applicable State or Federal regulation to confirm, correct, delete, copy, opt-out, revoke consent or otherwise, we observe that request and our actions immediately and automatically flow to our data processed by Intuizi.
Intuizi does not allow personally identifiable information (e.g. personal data) on its platform. To further enhance privacy protections, Intuizi’s platform will not show results derived from de-identified data where the source data could be deemed “sensitive data,” including but not limited to data revealing racial or ethnic origin, genetic or biometric data, religious beliefs, physical or mental health status, including gender-affirming treatments and reproductive or sexual health care; sex life or sexual orientation; status as transgender or non-binary; national origin; citizenship or immigration status; genetic or biometric data; data collected from a known child; and geolocation data linked to an identifiable consumer.
Our Intuizi Agreement allows Intuizi to create anonymous data (data that cannot be reasonably linked to an identifiable consumer by anyone, including us) to show on an aggregated basis, including visitation to locations, and application usage. This data cannot be linked to any consumer by any party and Intuizi has contractual and technological limitations to ensure all Intuizi platform data remains anonymous.  Lastly, our Intuizi Agreement requires Intuizi to cooperate with us to comply with our obligations with Federal or State privacy and data protection regulations regarding fulfilling consumer rights requests, ensuring data processing security, and conducting data impact assessments.
Data Deletion
The LOYAL Foundry apps and platform are designed with a privacy-first mindset. Using the apps’ full news reading functionality is possible without logging in. In this state, no personal data whatsoever is kept on LOYAL Foundry’s servers. If you choose to log in – for instance, to participate in the community features – minimal details to facilitate that functionality are kept on LOYAL Foundry’s servers. You may request data deletion at any point, for any reason, by contacting us at
support@newsfusion.com
.
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Last updated: 12/2/2014
‍
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice explains how we collect, use and disclose personal information relating to California residents covered by the California Consumer Privacy action of 2018 asamended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the “CCPA”). This notice constitutesour notice at collection and our privacy policy pursuant to the CCPA. We may change or update this notice from time to time. When we do, we will post the revised notice on this page with a new “Last updated” date.
Introduction
Under the CCPA,“Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably belinked directly or indirectly with a particular California resident and includes certain categories of Personal Information discussed below that constitute “Sensitive Personal Information.”
Keeping Personal Information secure is one of our most important priorities. Consistent with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations, we maintain physical, technical, electronic, proceduraland organizational safeguards and security measures that are designed to protect personal data against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, or access, whether it is processed by us or by others on our behalf.
1. Data We Collect, Use, Sell or Share
We collect and use personal information about you, and may sell or share that personal information withour partners for the purpose of operating, managing and maintaining our business including to improve our services and/or generate revenue from advertising, analytics, and/or device identification or association. The categories of personal information we collect and use and sell or share are identifiers like your name, alias, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, geolocation, device type, application usage history, transactions, mobile advertising id, persistent identifiers, and inferences drawn from theforegoing to create a profile about a California resident reflecting the preferences, characteristics, and behavior . The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected are mobile phone applications and other applications running on Internet-connected devices. The categories of third parties to whom we may disclose consumers’ personal information are data processors, data analytics services, advertisers, advertising technology providers, marketing technology partners, and advertising agencies.
We may collect sensitive personal information from you. In some circumstances the location data we receive from your device may locate you within a geographic area that is equal to or less than the area ofa circle with a radius of 1,850 feet which California defines as “precise geolocation” which is included within California’s definition of “sensitive personal information”. If we receive geolocation data fromyour device which falls within the definition of “precise geolocation”, our purpose for receiving geolocation data is to provide you with advertising that may relate to your location, or the authentication of your device, verification, analytics, association of your device to others, and research related to that location.
We do not retain personal information or sensitive personal information if we have not seen you in a 90 day period. If we see you in a 90 day period, we will retain your personal information or sensitive personal information until we don’t see you in a 90 day period, or you tell us to delete your personal data.
We do not sell or share any personal information or sensitive personal information of minors unde theage of 16.
2. You Have The Right To Request That We Delete Any Personal Information That We Have Collected From You.
You have the right to send us a verified request for us to delete any personal information about you which we have collected from you.
3. You Have The Right To Correct Any Personal Information That We Have Collected From You.
You have the right to send us a verified request for us to correct any inaccurate personal informationabout you which we have collected from you.
4. You Have The Right To Know Any Personal Information That We Have Collected From You.
You have the right to send us a verified request for us to disclose to you the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal informationwas collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing the personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Sourcefrom which thePersonal Information is Collected
Categories of Third Parties to whom we disclose personal information
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting,Selling or Sharing Personal Information
Identifiers
Categories of Personal InformationApps on mobile phones and internet connected devices, service pro viders, public records sources
Advertising andMarketing services;Analytics
data processors, data analytics services,advertisers, advertising technology providers,marketing technology partners, and advertising agencies
Geolocation data
Apps on mobile phonesand internet connected devices, service providers, public records sources
Advertising andMarketing services;Analytics
data processors, data analytics services,advertisers, advertising technology providers,marketing technology partners, and advertising agencies
Network activityinformation
Apps on mobile phonesand internet connected devices, service providers, public records sources
Advertising andMarketing services;Analytics
data processors, data analytics services,advertisers, advertising technology providers,marketing technology partners, and advertising agencies
Inferences
Apps on mobile phonesand internet connected devices, service providers, public records sources
Advertising andMarketing services;Analytics
data processors, data analytics services,advertisers, advertising technology providers,marketing technology partners, and advertising agencies
5. You Have The Right To Know What Personal Information Is Sold or Shared and to Whom.
You have the right to send us a verified request for us to disclose to you the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of personal information about you that we soldor shared and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared, bycategory or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared, and the categories of personal information we disclosed about you for abusiness purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
List of Categories of Personal Information we have sold or shared in the past 12 months
List of Categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose in the past 12 months
Identifiers
Identifiers
Geolocation data
Geolocation data
Network activity information
Network activity information
Inferences
Inferences
6. You Have The Right To Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information.
You have the right, at any time, to send us a verified request to direct us to not to sell or share your personal information. This is known as your “right to opt-out”
7. You Have The Right To Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
You have the right, at any time, to send us a verified request to direct us to limit our use of your sensitive personal information to that use which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer . We may use or disclose the location data we receive fromyour device for authentication, advertising or identification purposes and you have the right to limit ouruse or disclosure of your sensitive personal information which may include your “precise geolocation” asthat term is defined by the CCPA.
8. Your Right Of No Retaliation Following Opt Out Or Exercise Of Other Rights
You have the right for us not to discriminate against you if you Opt Out or exercise any of your rightsunder the CCPA.
9. Your Right to Receive this Notice
You have the right to receive this notice at or before the point of collection of your personal information.
10. Ways to Send Us a Verifiable Request
To Opt Out or send us a request to exercise your other rights you can call us on our toll-free telephone number at 760-487-8470, or send us an email at privacy@loyal.app. You can send us a written request by US mail to:
2187 Newcastle Avenue
Suite 200
Cardiff 92007
Your request must include a way for us to reach you so that we may verify your request. and abide by opt-out signals. We respond to Requests for specific pieces of personal information will require additional information to verify your identity.
For individuals submitting a request on behalf of another person, we may require proof ofauthorization and verification of identity directly from the person for whom the request is made. For acompany or organization submitting a request on behalf of another person, we may require proof of authorization from the individual such as a Power of Attorney and verification of identity directly fromthe person for whom the request is made. In some instances, we may not be able to honor your request.
For example, we will not honor your request if we cannot verify your identity or if we cannot verify that you have the authority to make arequest on behalf of another individual. Additionally, we will not honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of personal information would adversely affect the rights andfreedoms of another California resident or where the personal information that we maintain about you is not subject to the CCPA's access or deletion rights.
We will advise you in our response if we are not able to honor your request. We will work to process all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the CCPA. If we need an extension for up to an additional 45 days in order to process your request, we will provide you with an explanation for the delay.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please email us at
support@newsfusion.com
or call us anytime at
+1-760-487-8470
.