Thank you for visiting our website. This website, its companies and the brand One For All is property of Universal Electronics BV, (also “we or our”) based in Enschede, the Netherlands. Universal Electronics BV is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we want to make sure that you understand what is happening with your personal data when you enter and use this website. That is why we provide you with this policy. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. If there are still questions on the use of your personal data please contact us on: privacy-oneforall@uei.com.
What do we collect about you?
We may collect the following information when you visit our website or when you fill in your records on our website:
First name and last name only when you fill this in somewhere
Phonenumber only when you fill this in somewhere
E-mailaddress only when you fill this in somewhere
IP address
Items looked at
Visit date
Language preference
Please note that we sometimes collect such information automatically, and not only when we explicitly ask for it. In that case we use ‘cookies’.
What we do with the information we gather?
We obtain your information in accordance with the relevant privacy legislation. This means, amongst others, that we only collect and store (and use) data that we need to achieve our purposes. Such purposes are listed below.
We may use the information to improve our products and technical services. Think about information on features on our website that are used very often or not at all. Such information can tell us if we need to adjust such features. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests and in case we have serious reasons to believe that our or our customers safety is at risk and we will use the information available for research. All of these purposes fall under our legitimate interests.
If we have your consent, we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You will be informed on the specific purpose when entering your consent. You are at all times able to opt-out of any email registration.
When you email us, or otherwise contact us, we will use this information to make sure that we provide proper assistance on your products.
Receiving third parties
We process your information internally if we have a reason to do so. We use third parties externally that take over some parts of our services.. For example  third parties that manage this website, and analyze or research your behavior on this website such as TRIMM, Adwise, Spotler and Google Analytics. Such third parties may have access to your personal data (limited to the data categories listed in this privacy statement) but only if they have a reason to do so and always when we have agreed upon proper privacy measures.
On our website you will find social media buttons or links to other websites of interest, for example Amazon, Tesco and Saturn. When you use this button or click on this link, the privacy statement of that particular party applies. We do not have any responsibility regarding the use of social media buttons or links to other websites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. By using cookies, we also allow third parties to look into your personal data to the extent necessary. We would like you to look at our cookie policy for more information here.
We will not sell your personal data to third parties, and other than the above we will not transfer or lease your personal data to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Security measures
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and transfer to third parties. We are monitoring our systems continuously.
Storage
We do not store your personal data longer than we believe is necessary for the purposes as set out above. We believe that we may store your data 2 years after your last activities. After two years we will delete or anonymize your personal information. Your information may be used for statistical purposes for a longer period but such information will be anonymized as well.
Your privacy rights
You have the right, at all times to request for
Access and rectification or erasure of your personal data;
Restriction of processing or to object to processing in general;
Data portability;
A withdrawal of your consent, which we at all times will obey;
We have the obligation to fulfill your request within 4 weeks of receival. If we are not able to meet such period of time we will inform you accordingly. Please understand that we will do the best we can to meet your requests however, this is sometimes not possible. In that case we need to examine if your individual interests prevail our rights and obligations but we will at all times provide you with a solid motivation.
We hope we have informed you sufficiently, and as mentioned above, your questions or requests may be sent to: privacy-oneforall@uei.com. We will do everything we can to resolve such questions, requests and remarks. If for some reason you are not happy with the information that is given to you, you may contact the "Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens" with your question, request or complaint.