Privacy Policy
WHO WE ARE
The website grandiose.ae is operated by Grandiose LLC , with trade licence number 900925  and address Jumeirah 2, shop G1, PO Box 294377 Dubai, United Arab Emirates (“
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) so that we may: (1) help direct you to products and services which may be of interest to you; and (2) contact you with information and offers, suggestions and recommendations of products and services which may be of interest to you.
Where we use “
our site
” in this privacy notice, we mean grandiose.ae.
OUR PRIVACY TERMS
The information we collect about you
Each time you visit our site, we may automatically collect information about you and the device you are using, including:
information about which pages you visit and which resources you use on our site
information about how you got to our site
your internet protocol address known as your IP address which is used to connect your device to the internet
information about your device, including type, model number, configuration, network strength, battery usage operating system and platform
the type and version of the browser you are using
traffic data, which is aggregated information about the number of visitors, sessions, users and page visits to our site
location data
time zone setting
language preferences
weblogs
We also collect any information you provide to us directly by filling in any of the forms on our site.
If you sign up with us as a buyer or seller, we may also collect:
your name
your email address
your address
your telephone number
Where do we get your information from?
We collect the information you provide to us directly, or by filling in any of the forms on our website.
We also collect information directly from your device.  We use cookies to collect some of this information. Please see our ‘Our Use of Cookies’ below for details of the information we collect through our site.
Why do we need your information?
We need the information we collect automatically about your visit to our site to:
administer our site
improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner
allow you to participate in interactive features of our services when you choose to do so
analyse how visitors use our site (including behaviour patterns and the tracking of visits across multiple devices)
improve your online experience.
We need the information you provide directly by filling in any of the forms on our site to:
direct you to products and/or services which may be of interest to you
contact you with information and offers, suggestions and recommendations of products and/or services which may be of interest to you
contact you about those products and/or services on our site in which you have expressed an interest
You do not have to give us any information or confirm that the information we have obtained from other sources is correct.
Who do we share your information with?
We sometimes share some of your information with other organisations, namely affiliates or subsidiaries who are bound by similar confidentiality obligations.
We use Google analytics to collect details of how you use our site, as well as anonymous data that you enter into our forms. We do this to help us analyse how visitors use our site (including behaviour patterns and the tracking of visits across multiple devices).  All the information that is collected is anonymous and is only used to improve how our site works. Please see ‘Our Use of Cookies’ below for more details about Google analytics.
We also use a number of carefully selected third parties to supply us and you with products and services. We will only share your information with our suppliers where it is necessary for them to provide us, or you with the products and services requested.
Where is your information stored?
Your information is stored on servers and filing systems in the Azure Servers of GAG IT Infrastructure.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties (e.g. payment processing sites).  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own terms and conditions, privacy notices and cookie notices and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those notices or your use of those websites.
Unfortunately sending information via the internet is not totally secure.  Although we do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.  Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
How long do we keep your information for?
We only keep your information for as long as we need it.
We keep your information for this long so that we can ensure we contact you with information on products, services, suggestions, offers and recommendations relevant and appropriate to you.
Do we carry out profiling and automated decision making?
We use Google analytics to collect details of how you use our site, as well as anonymous data that you enter into our forms. We do this to help us analyse how visitors use our site (including behaviour patterns and the tracking of visits across multiple devices), and to administer our site.  Please see ‘Our Use of Cookies’ below for more details about Google analytics.
What rights do you have?
Under the data protection rules, you have a number of rights in respect of your information, which include the right to:
access your information
withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time
ask us to make changes to the information we hold about you to make sure that it is accurate and up to date
delete or erase your information (sometimes called the right to be forgotten)
stop or restrict our processing of your information
object to our processing your information
not be subject to automated decision-making and
request the transfer of some of the information we hold about you (known as data portability).
If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at support@grandiose.ae. Please note that an archive copy of any information provided to us may be retained by us for our records and for audit purposes. Subject to the information you have requested us to delete, we may not be able to continue providing you with our services and may need to close your account.
You can unsubscribe from our emails at any time by clicking on “unsubscribe” at the bottom of the email.
Making a complaint
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about the way we process your personal information, please contact support@grandiose.ae
OUR USE OF COOKIES
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit our site. Our site recognises those cookies on each subsequent visit, enabling our site to recognise you.
Unless you have adjusted your browser settings to refuse cookies (and details of how to do this are signposted at the end of this policy), our site will set cookies as soon as you visit our site.
How and why we use cookies
We use cookies on our site to:
recognise you whenever you visit our site;
measure how you use our site so it can be updated and improved to give you the best possible experience on our site.;
The information we obtain from our use of cookies will not usually contain information from which you can easily be identified, such as your name.  However, we do collect some personal data relating to your computer or other electronic device, such as your IP address, your browser and/or other internet log information.
In most cases we will need your consent to use cookies on our site.  The exception to this is where the cookie is essential for us to provide you with a service you have requested.
You may withdraw your consent or acceptance at any time by following the instructions for disabling cookies, signposted at the end of this policy.
We use third party performance cookies on our site.
These non-essential cookies collect information about how visitors use our site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how you use our site. We don’t allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to our site, where visitors have come to our site from and the pages they visited.
Google Analytics stores information about:
The pages you visit on our site
The actions you perform on our site
How long you spend on each page
How you got to our site
What you click on while you’re visiting our site
Information about the browser and device you use to navigate our site, (including an anonymised IP address).
We don’t collect or store any personal information (for example your name or address) that can be used to identify who you are.
You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics cookies across all websites
Where to find more information
You can adjust the settings in your web browser to determine whether (all) sites can set cookies on your computer.  More information about cookies and how to manage them, specific to your browser.
If you have any further questions, comments or requests regarding our use of cookies or how we use cookies on our site, please contact us at support@grandiose.ae
Changes to this notice
We will regularly review this notice and keep it updated to make sure that the information we provide you with is accurate and up to date.
Any changes to this notice will be highlighted on our site so that you can see what has been changed.
This notice was last reviewed and updated in February 2021.