What We do
Who We Are
Development Process
Contact us
Blog
Menu
What We do
Who We Are
Development Process
Contact us
Blog
Start Your Project
At Multicore Technologies we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors.

It is intended to describe how we use and process your personal information. Please note that by visiting and using  multicoretechnologies.com  you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.

We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Information We Collect
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
NOTE: We DO NOT store any payment method details (Your financial Details) Credit Card OR Bank Account details while processing for payment.
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer fin order to assist us in improving our website.

We may gather information about your general Internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever

You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.

Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
Use of Your Information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.
To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.

Where your consent has been provided in advance we may allow selected third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods and services, which we believe may interest you. Where such consent has been provided it can be withdrawn by you at any time.
Storing Your Personal Data
In operating our website it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of India or The United States of America for processing and storing. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We do our upmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated stored securely.

Unfortunately the sending of information via the Internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing Your Information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third Party Links / Websites
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic infoOn occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.

rmation not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
Multicore Technologies has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Refund Policy
Multicore Technologies
in accommodating its Clients as much as possible, and has therefore a considerate cancellation policy in case to case basis. We, as a service provider, provide a service that comes in the form of services. Therefore, our offering is not a tangible product that can be returned for a refund or reused or sold off or auctioned off. It is used immediately upon receipt; therefore there is no product to return.
Multicore Technologies undertakes all projects under the purview of agreed contract and milestones that dictate the direction / Workflow and roadmap followed by the project.
All Web and Mobile Design/ Development/ Applications are carried out and accepted upon a complete analysis and creation of a complete scope document, in order to make sure that teams have complete understanding of the work needed to be done, elimination possibilities of a project cancellation / reversal / dispute. In case of ongoing T&M model or Dedicated Model there are undefined variables to scope which are agreed on mutual consent with Clients.
Since Multicore Technologies and the Clients realise that there is work involved in achieving every milestone of the project and completion of every module, a refund would not be possible for the work already completed and services already procured and / or consumed.
Multicore Technologies makes sure that in case of a project termination on a mutual basis, the client has control of all the work done till that date, subject to payment is made till that date in Full.
Multicore Technologies also respects a decision made by a client to work with a different provider within 48 hours of the project initiation. In such a scenario Multicore Technologies would refund 50% amount for the project that has been paid as advance fees.
No cancellations are entertained for those Services that the Multicore Technologies marketing team has offered on special occasions. These are limited period offers and therefore cancellations are not possible.
Development Services and Consulting – if the services opted by you are T&M (Time & Material) based services or Hire Dedicated Developer service, these are non-refundable.
Cancellation Policy
All cancellation requests must be submitted to Project Management Team of Multicore Technologies has to submit cancellation requests by e-mail on contact@multicoretechnologies.com and / or the official email given at time of contract signing and will only be considered for acceptance . Your request will not be considered valid unless and until you receive confirmation from our Project Management Team.
We take minimum 2 weeks to process the cancellation request. Fees of services will be applicable till the date when cancellation request is processed
Cancellation of project is based on service level agreement, as agreed with client while starting the project.
Once project is released for beta delivery, cannot be canceled. Entire project cost will have to be paid by client.
In event of cancellation of project mutually decided between client & Multicore Technologies, client will have to pay for efforts invested in project up to date of cancellation.
Source Code, Design or any other material related to project will not be delivered if payment is not settled by client.
Delivery Policy
We are in service business and doesn’t have tangible item to deliver. So there is no chance of missing or misplacement of any item. Our deliverables are in form of designs file, software code & compiled application. These deliverable are delivered to you in form of electronic files using our collaboration tool or email. Thereafter you have to save a copy of delivered electronic files on your server or on any storage media. Multicore Technologies will retain copies only for 30 days from delivery date and can re-deliver the electronic files to client, thereafter Multicore Technologies doesn’t owe any responsibility.
Happy to connect ?
Through the years we have helped companies deliver world-class projects and experience in Mobile and Web Technologies.
Let’s Build Together
Think | Develop | Deploy
© 2024 – Multicore Technologies | All Rights Reserved
Happy to connect ?
Through the years we have helped companies deliver world-class projects and experience in Mobile and Web Technologies.
Let’s Build Together
Think | Develop | Deploy
© 2024 – Multicore Technologies | All Rights Reserved