Language
Português
English
Privacy Policy
Thank you for using our products and services! We respect your concerns about privacy and appreciate your trust and confidence in X-Poker ("X-Poker", "we", "us" or "our").
This Privacy Policy provides important information regarding:
the information collected from you and the ways we collect your information,
the reasons why we collect your information,
to whom we disclose your information,and
the options you have about your personal information.
Unless stated otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies to the Services and all data that we collect from you. We therefore provide this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed choice about whether to use or continue using our Services. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on our website. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new version of Privacy Policy.
1. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, please contact us through E-mail: support@x-poker.net
2. Information We Collect
2.1 How we collect your information
X-Poker collects some information from you when you:
create an account;
play our games or use game-related services;
make a purchase within our Services;
create user-generated content;
sign up for a newsletter;
contact X-Poker customer service and take part in technical-support sessions;
chat with other users of the Services;
share or contribute to our social media channels and other community websites;
2.2 Information we collect
X-Poker collects only adequate and relevant information limited to the purposes defined hereunder.
Information you provide us
Contact information (such as your name and email address)
Your age
Your birthdate
Your username and password
Profile information (such as a profile picture)
Information that you provide when seeking help from our customer service
Other information you provide us (such as information used to identify a lost account)
Information we automatically collect directly from you when you use our Services
Information about your game progress and activity
Information about your interactions with other players
IP address and device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Information about your device (such as device name and operating system, browser
information, including browser type and the language you prefer)
Information we collect using cookies and similar technologies
General geolocation information
Precise geolocation information (GPS), if you configure your device location settings
X-Poker player ID
Information we obtain from our partners ( Such as billing partners)
Information that we receive if you decide to connect to a third-party social network (such as Facebook )
Information from billing and distribution partners (if you make in-game purchases)
Information for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you with better Services
Information (such as IPs, Device IDs) we may receive from other partners, which we use to place / send you advertising
3. How We Use Your Information
Under normal circumstances, we only collect personal information from you when:
we have a legal obligation to collect and process personal information from you
we have your consent to do so
We need the personal information to fulfill a contract with you and provide you with the Services, such as customer support services, bug and service-error detection, and fraud prevention
the processing is in our legitimate interests (when we serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising or marketing campaigns, analyze your gaming activities, protect and improve our products and services) and not overridden by your rights, or when we have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you
We primarily use the information to provide you with a better gaming experience, but we also use your information, both individually and combined, as follows:
To operate our business and to enhance your gaming experience, including to:
provide you with the Services that are suitable for your age and compliant with the applicable laws of your country of residence
provide gaming experiences that you may like and functionalities you have subscribed to track your use of the Services to help us learn more about your gaming activities and understand your preferences and tendencies, so that we can personalize your experience, provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience
facilitate sharing on social networks
protect against cheating, crime or fraud, or for other security reasons
identify and fix bugs and service errors
use it for administration, analytics, research, and optimization
compile statistics
comply with all regulatory and legal requirements, and answer any requests from Data Protection Authorities or any law enforcement agency
To provide you with support, communicate with you and respond to any requests or questions you have submitted through our customer support.
To personalize our communication with you, including to:
contact you to promote our Services
offer in-game surveys
serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising
collect any personal information you may disclose through messages you choose to send to another user or defined group of users through our message, chat, post or other in-game functions, as well as to collect necessary personal information belonging to the user(s) you are contacting, in order to facilitate communication (Note: We will never collect any information sent outside of the functionality of our Services, including through emails or text messages)
send you push notifications (should you choose to allow that function)—only for users 13 years of age or older in the United States
For some of the purposes described above, X-Poker may use and perform analytics. Analytics information supports business analysis and operations, allows product development, improves products and Services, personalizes content, provides advertising, and makes recommendations.
4. How We Share Information
We share your personal information with selected third parties in and outside your country, including:
other players and users. Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may,for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
partners working for X-Poker. X-Poker has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to X-Poker’s instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
other companies and public authorities. In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests. We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
related group companies of X-Poker,  with whom we share your personal information to operate the Game Services;
law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other judicial bodies and organizations.
a third party that acquires all or substantially all of us or our business.We will disclose information to a third party in the event that we sell or buy any business or undergo a merger, in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective buyer of such business. We will also disclose information to a third party if we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets
5. How We Store Your Information
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in any country in which X-Poker, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities. X-Poker, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to any country in which X-Poker, X-Poker Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. However, X-Poker cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to X-Poker or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and X-Poker, at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to X-Poker. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
6. The Options You Have About Your Personal Data
6.1 Access and correct the personal data we hold about you
You have the right to access and correct your personal data.
6.2 Opt out of advertising and/or marketing materials
You may opt out of receiving advertising and/or marketing communications by following the instructions in such communications or by using options provided in the game settings.
6.3 Other rights
You also have the right to have your personal data deleted, object how we use or share your personal data, and restrict how we use or share your personal data. You can always withdraw your consent.
If you have questions about data protection, or any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through E-mai:support@x-poker.net so we can reply to you more quickly. We will respond to all questions within a reasonable time frame.
7. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
X-Poker retains, uses and stores your information as long as you are playing our games or using our Services, and also for the period necessary to fulfill all the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, in compliance with the applicable laws of your country of residence. We want to inform you that a longer retention period could be required to resolve disputes, or answer regulatory or police requests. In such cases, the collected information will be used and stored until the request is closed.
8. Our Policy Concerning Children
We do not knowingly collect, use or share any personal information about children (generally, under the age of 13 or depending on the country where you reside) without verifiable parental consent or as permitted by law. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you can contact us and request your child’s information to be deleted from our system.
9. Third-Party Services
The Services may link to external sites that are beyond our control. This Privacy Policy only covers the way we treat personal information and non-personal information we collect on the Services. By accessing any external sites, you agree to the privacy policies of those sites. Please understand that external sites may have different policies with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such third parties.
Therefore, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of all third party services. Without limiting anything in the following section, we are not liable in any way for the actions, inactions or policies of any external services.
10. Data Security
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, X-Poker are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
We will not distribute any users’ data to third party organizations and will not use the data for any commercial purposes.
11. Changes To Our Privacy Policy
X-Poker may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.