Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Blur Face - Privacy Policy
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy Policy
Effective as of October 07, 2020.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Blur Face in connection with the Blur Face mobile application.
Welcome to Blur Face’s Privacy Policy!
If you decide not to read this entire Privacy Policy, we want you to walk away with a few key points about Blur Face’s privacy policy:
Our application is a photo and video editor that allows users to anonymous any faces on their photo, as well as blur and hide anything they want on it.
Our application runs directly, locally on the device, it doesn't upload anything to any server. We don't collect, use, and share user's face data. Users can check this by turning off all internet networks, and you will see that the application is still working normally in offline mode.
We do not use the photographs you provide when you use the application for any reason other than to provide you the capacities to anonymous any faces on your photo, as well as blur and hide anything you want on it.
To get revenue for our application, we use Google Admob advertising networks. We also use Firebase Analytics to investigate and fix app crashes, performance issues, and to improve the quality of our applications.  Th
ese services
may collect some information
from
you. You can take a look on privacy policy of these third party service providers used by my app in section 2
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please email duong.it.au@gmail.com
Here’s more on our privacy practices.
Privacy Policy
Duong Vu built the Blur Face - Photo Editor app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Duong Vu at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Blur Face - Photo Editor unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Our application runs directly, locally on the device, it doesn't upload anything to any server. We don't collect, use, and share user's face data. Users can check this by turning off all internet networks, and you will see that the application is still working normally in offline mode.
However, to get revenue for my application, our app does
use Google Admob advertising networks. We also use Firebase Analytics to investigate and fix app crashes, performance issues, and to improve the quality of our applications.
These services may collect information used to identify you.
Please refer to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app listed below for in-depth information:
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2020-10-07
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at duong.it.au@gmail.com