Privacy Policy
Last updated: Feb 7, 2024
---
We at Blackbell, Inc. (“Blackbell,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) have created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) because we know that you care about how information you provide to us is used and shared. This Privacy Policy relates to our information collection and use practices of Blackbell in connection with our Services, which are made available to you through our website located at https://www.blackbell.com (the “Website”).
Description of Users and Acceptance of Terms
This Privacy Policy applies to visitors to the Website, who view only publicly-available content (“Visitors”) and individuals, businesses or other establishments who have signed up to use our Services (the “Customers”).
By visiting our Website, Visitors are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the accompanying Terms of Use.
By signing up, accessing, and/or using the Services, each Customer is agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the accompanying License Agreement.
If you do not agree with or you are not comfortable with any aspect of this Policy, you should immediately discontinue access or use of our Services.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use (when such term concerns Visitors) and the License Agreement (when such term concerns Customers).
Our Relationship to You
It is important that you identify which relationship(s) you have with Blackbell to understand Blackbell’s data protection obligations and your rights to your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. Blackbell has the following relationships:
A “User” is an individual providing Personal Information to us via our website or other services, products or platforms, such as by signing up for our newsletter or getting in touch via chat messenger. Here, Blackbell is a data controller.
A “Customer” is a specific type of User that has engaged us to act as an agent (a “data processor”) by obtaining our Services. The Customer is the data controller, and Blackbell is their data processor.
A “Customer End User” is an individual that provides their Personal Information to our Customers. We do not control the purposes or the means by which their Personal Information is collected, and we are not in a direct relationship with Customer End Users.
The Information We Collect and/or Receive
In the course of operating the Website and providing the Services, Blackbell, or third-party vendors contracted by us, will collect (and/or receive) the following types of information. You authorize us to collect, receive, use and share such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
1.     Personal Information
When you use our Services, we generally collect the following Personal Information about you:
Your account registration data you provided, including name, email, phone number and/or avatar;
Your credit card and/or other billing information;
In-Chat information you provided, such as your name, email address, file attachments, and/or phone number;
Business information like your company name, company size, and business type;
Any other information you provide to us, such as, but not limited to, when you add a coworker to join the Services, refer an individual to Blackbell;
All information that we receive under this section is collectively called “Personal Information.” We do not collect any Personal Information from Visitors, or Customers unless they provide such information voluntarily, for one or more specific purposes which are explicitly specified to them.
2.     Customer Data and Customer End User Data.
In using the Services, Customers may provide to us or allow us to access Customer Data and End User Data. We shall use and share the Customer Data and End User Data to provide our Services and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the License Agreement.
3.     Other Information.
In addition to the Personal Information, the Customer Data and the End User Data, we may collect or receive additional information (collectively, the “Other Information”). Such Other Information may include:
a.     From Your Activity.
Information that we automatically collect when you use the Website, such as the device from which you access the Website and/or the Services, your IP addresses, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Website you visit, and similar information concerning your use of the Website and/or the Services.
b.     From Cookies.
Information that we collect using “cookie” technology. Cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive so that your computer will “remember” information about your visit. We use cookies to help us collect Other Information and to enhance your experience using the Website.
We may use the following types of cookies and tracking technologies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
. These cookies are essential because they enable you to move around our Services and use certain features on our Services. For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas. Without these cookies, some Services cannot be provided.
Performance/Analytics Cookies
. These cookies collect information about your use and interaction with our Services. The types of information collected by such cookies include which pages you go to most often, how much time you spend on that page, or if you get error messages from certain pages.
Functionality Cookies
. These cookies allow us to remember your preferences and choices so that we can tailor our Services to you and your interests. For example, these cookies will remember which country or language you selected, or will use your display name on parts of the Services. If you are logged in to your account, we may associate the cookie information with the Personal Information tied to your account.
Advertising/Marketing Cookies
. These cookies allow us to deliver relevant marketing and advertisements to you. They collect information about your interactions with our marketing activities (e.g., on the website or via emails) to determine what your interests and preferences are, and how effective such advertising or marketing campaigns are.
You can instruct your browser, by changing its options under Settings or Preferences, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to use some or all portions or functionalities of the Services.
c.     Third-Party Analytics.
We use third-party analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the Website, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information relating to the Website and Internet usage. These third parties use cookies and other technologies to help analyze and provide us the data. By accessing and using the Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by these analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
For more information on these third parties, including how to opt out from certain data collection, please visit the sites below. Please be advised that if you opt out of any service, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Website.
For Google Analytics, please visit
https://www.google.com/analytics
For Clicky, please visit
https://clicky.com
For Inspectlet, please visit
https://www.inspectlet.com/
The Information Collected by or Through Third-Party Advertising Companies
You authorize us to share Other Information about your activity on the Website with third parties for the purpose of tailoring, analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing advertising you see on the Website, and elsewhere. These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect such Other Information for such purposes. Pixel tags enable us, and these third-party advertisers, to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site. You may opt-out of the tailoring of advertising based on information we collect. To learn more about the use of this information, or to choose not to have this information used by our providers or third party advertising partners by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
4.     How We Use and Share the Information
You authorize us to use the Personal Information, the Customer Data, the End User Data, and the Other Information (collectively, the “Information”) for the following purposes. We will not use your Personal Information for purposes other than those purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you.
To provide the Services to you
. When you want to use Blackbell to sell your services or to participate in our affiliate program, we require certain information from you. Such information may include your contact, website and payment information, and information about your referrals. We share this information with our service providers or partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such information.
To send you Service-related communications
. We send administrative or account-related information to you to keep you updated about our Services, inform you of relevant security issues or updates, or provide other transaction-related information to you. Without such communications, you may not be aware of important developments relating to your account that may affect how you can use our Services.
For identification, authentication and security
. We are committed to providing you with a secure experience on our Services. To do so, we process your Personal Information to enhance security, monitor and verify identity or service access, combat spam or other malware or security risks. Without processing your Personal Information, we may not be able to ensure the security of our Services.
To provide customer service
. When you contact us with questions, feedback, concerns, disputes, or issues, we process your Personal Information so we can respond to you and resolve any issues. If we do not process your Personal Information, we cannot respond to your requests and ensure your continued use of the Services.
To solicit your feedback
To engage in marketing activities
. We may send you marketing communications to inform you about relevant products and services and new features; to deliver targeted marketing; to provide you with promotional offers; or to inform you about our events, webinars or materials, including those of our partners. We process information about your usage of our Services and your contact information to provide marketing communications. You can opt-out of our marketing communications at any time.
To conduct research and development
. We pride ourselves in being innovative and continuing to offer you new, customized or improved features on our Services. In order to do so, we process your Personal Information to better understand you and the way you use and interact with our Services. Without such processing, we cannot ensure your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services.
You also authorize us to use and/or share Information as described below.
Agents, Providers and Related Third Parties
.
We may engage other companies and individuals to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf. Examples may include providing technical assistance, order fulfillment, customer service, and marketing assistance. These other companies will have access to the Information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. We may also share your Information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, or other companies under common control with us.
Aggregated Information.
In an ongoing effort to better understand our Visitors, and Customers, we may analyze Personal Information with Other Information in anonymized and aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the Website and the Services. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, business and promotional partners, and other third parties. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe the Website and the Services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Business Transfers
.
As we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the Information may be part of the transferred assets.
Legal Requirements
.
We may disclose your Information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action or disclosure is necessary or appropriate to: (i) operate the Website, (ii) comply with any legal obligation, report unlawful activity, cooperate with law enforcement, or protect against legal liability, (iii) protect and defend our rights, property, personnel, suppliers, sponsors, agents or licensors, or (iv) protect the personal safety of vendors, users of the Website or the public.
5.     Accessing and Modifying Information and Communication Preferences
Customers may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to their Personal Information by signing up to their account or by e-mailing us at privacy@blackbell.com. In addition, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of any Blackbell marketing e-mail. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process such requests in a timely manner. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails related to their account with Blackbell.
6.     How We Protect the Information
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the databases of the third parties with which we may share such Information, nor can we guarantee that the Information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. In particular, e-mail sent to us may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.
You are also responsible for the security of your Personal Information. You should choose a password of sufficient length and complexity when you use our Services, and keep your password confidential. If you think there has been unauthorized access to or use of your account, please contact us immediately at privacy@blackbell.com.
7.     External Websites
The Website may contain links to third-party websites. Blackbell has no control over the privacy practices or the content of these websites. As such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those third-party websites. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites.
8.     Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16 through the Website. If you are under 16, please do not give us any Personal Information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
9.     Important Notice to Non-U.S. Residents
The Website and the Services are aimed at customers who are essentially based in France, the European Union and in the United States. Any information you provide to us, including without limitation, any Personal Information, will be stored on the servers located in the European Union. We will use your information (including, any Personal Information) solely as necessary for the performance of a contract between us and you, such as for the provision of our Services pursuant to our License Agreement.
10.   California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who have an established business relationship with Blackbell may choose to opt out of our sharing your Personal Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and (1) you wish to opt out; or (2) you wish to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for the direct marketing purposes, please send an e-mail to privacy@blackbell.com with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line or write to us at:
Blackbell, Inc.
Corporation Service Company
251 Little Falls Drive
Wilmington, DE 19808, United States
In addition, Blackbell does not monitor, recognize, or honor any opt-out or do not track mechanisms, including general web browser “Do Not Track” settings and/or signals.
11.   General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
EU Residents
If you are a resident of the European Union ("EU"), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland (collectively “Designated Countries”) you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below.
To the extent any part of this section conflicts with the terms in other parts of the Privacy Policy, the terms of this section will apply to EU residents of Designated Countries.
Our role
For this section, we use the terms "Personal Information" and "processing". "Personal Information" generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and "processing" generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with information such as collection, use, storage and disclosure. Company will be the controller of your Personal Information processed in connection with the Services.
Note that we may also process Personal Information of our Customers' End Users or employees in connection with our provision of services to customers, in which case we are the processor of Personal Information. Blackbell is not a data controller with respect to any Personal Information processed about Customer End Users. Customers control how they use Customer End User information obtained via the use of Blackbell's Services. It is your responsibility to ensure you are processing Customer End User information in compliance with applicable laws
Legal bases for processing Personal Data
We describe our legal bases for processing in Section 4 (“How We Use and Share the Information”) of this Privacy Policy. We may process your Personal Information if you consent to the processing, to satisfy our legal obligations, if it is necessary to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts we entered with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you, as necessary to protect your vital interests, as necessary to process in the public interest, or for our legitimate interests to protect our property, rights or safety of Blackbell, our employees, our customers or others.
Marketing
If you are located in the Designated Countries and are a current Blackbell User or Customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (such as email or SMS) in accordance with your communication preferences and/or with information about our Services that are similar to the Services you previously purchased from us or negotiated to purchase from us.
For new Users or Customers located in the Designated Countries, we will contact you by electronic means for marketing purposes only as permitted under applicable law or subject to your consent to receiving such communications from us.
You can always withdraw your consent or change your marketing communication preferences. To opt out of the emails, please click the “unsubscribe” link in the footer of marketing emails or contact us at privacy@blackbell.com. You can object to our marketing communications at any time and free of charge. Direct marketing includes any communications to you that are only based on advertising or promoting products and services; it does not include transactional or Service-related communications.
Individual Rights
Blackbell complies with the Data Protection Laws by ensuring you have the rights described below when you use our Services. To exercise your rights, please contact us at compliance@blackbell.com so that we may consider your request under applicable law. When we receive an individual rights request via email we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request to protect your privacy and security.
Please be advised that there are limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual rights: (a) when denial of access is required or authorized by law; (b) when granting access would have a negative impact on other’s privacy; © to protect our rights and properties; and (d) where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
Right to withdraw consent
. When we collect Personal Information from you on the basis of consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of Blackbell’s processing based on consent before your withdrawal.
Right of access and rectification
. You have a right to request a copy of your Personal Information that we have on file. We will provide you with a copy without undue delay and free of charge, except where we are permitted by law to charge a fee for providing you with access to your Personal Information. We may limit your access if such access would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. You may also request us to correct or update any of your Personal Information held by us that is inaccurate.
Right to data portability
. If we process your Personal Information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your Personal Information directly to another “controller”, where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to erasure
. You may request us to erase any of your Personal Information that:
is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed;
was collected in relation to processing that you previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or
was collected in relation to processing activities to which you object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
Right to restriction
. You have the right to restrict our processing your Personal Information where one of the following applies:
You contest the accuracy of your Personal Information that we processed. In such instances, we will restrict processing during the period necessary for us to verify the accuracy of your Personal Information.
The processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your Personal Information and request the restriction of its use instead.
We no longer need your Personal Information for the purposes of the processing, but it is required by you to establish, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have objected to processing, pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of our processing override your rights.
Restricted Personal Information shall only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if the restriction is lifted.
Right to object to processing
. If we process your Personal Information on the legal basis of consent, contract or legitimate interests, you may object to such processing at any time, as permitted by applicable law. We can continue to process your Personal Information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
Notification to third-parties processing your Personal Information
. If we share your Personal Information with third parties, we will communicate any rectification, erasure or restriction of your Personal Information to each third party that has received your information, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.
Retention
. We will try to limit the retention of your Personal Information to the length of time necessary to serve the purpose(s) for which your Personal Information was processed, to resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as required or permitted by law. While retention requirements can vary by country, we generally apply the retention periods described below.
Contact Information
. For example, your name, email address and telephone number as used for marketing purposes is retained on an ongoing basis until you unsubscribe. Once you unsubscribe, we add your contact information to our suppression list indefinitely to ensure we respect your unsubscribe request.
Interactions and Content
. For example, support tickets, and other content may be kept indefinitely after you close your account for the establishment or defense of legal claims, audit and crime prevention purposes.
If you have any questions, you may reach our Data Protection Officer at compliance@blackbell.com
12.   Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on the Website. By accessing the Website and/or using the Services after we make any such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, our use of the Information is governed by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect the Information. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
13.   How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Blackbell via e-mail at privacy@blackbell.com with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line.
Copyright © 2018 Blackbell, Inc. All rights reserved.
Native Apps
14. Blackbell may request access to your contacts and image library for certain features. This access is optional and can be granted or denied based on your preferences.
Contact List Management:
Blackbell uses the WRITE_CONTACTS and READ_CONTACTS permissions to simplify the process of adding customer contact information to your contact list. With just one click, you can avoid the manual task of copying and pasting names, phone numbers, and emails. This feature is designed to provide a seamless experience in managing your contacts within our app.
Image Upload:
For the image upload feature, Blackbell requires access to your device's CAMERA and image library. This permission enables you to upload images directly from your device, which is essential for attaching files to messages sent to your customers via chat.
Privacy Assurance:
Please be assured that Blackbell does not collect or store your contacts on our servers. The app accesses your contacts locally on your device only.