Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
3
Loading…
{"id": "1sMy5Dths38Ye-nu3OCvfePHlgCY7Iz4s", "title": "privacy-policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 3
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: Oct 11, 2020
Thank you for your interest in Photo Studio App. The protection of personal data is a serious matter for us. Please review our Privacy Policy
carefully as it describes our use and collection of your personal information.
In order to provide you with this mobile application (the "App" or "Software" or "Services"), Photo Studio, (hereinafter as
"we", "our", or "us") needs to collect some privacy information about you. We understand the importance of protecting your
privacy. This Privacy Policy (the "Agreement" or "Policy") explains what information of yours will be collected when you
download, install, access, or use the Software, and how such information will be used and shared. It also explains choices
you have to control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information. By using the Software, you consent to the
Policy and to the collection, processing, disclosure and use of your information as described in this Policy.
1.Overview
This Policy applies only to information we collect in our App, e-mail and other electronic communications sent through or in
connection with our App. This Policy DOES NOT apply to information collected by any third party. These third parties may
have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU HEREBY WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND
AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, (II) YOU ARE OVER 16 YEARS OF AGE (OR ARE A PARENT OR
GUARDIAN WITH SUCH AUTHORITY TO AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE BENEFIT OF SUCH
INDIVIDUAL UNDER 16 YEARS OF AGE).
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN,PLEASE DO NOT USE THE
SOFTWARE & SERVICES.
For this Policy "GDPR" shall mean the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and
of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on
the free movement of such data. Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this Policy to the European Union
(EU) include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
2.TYPES OF PERSONAL Information WE COLLECT, FOR WHAT PURPOSES.
(1) Information we collect from you
2. 1 We may use API provided by system to collect the location and language from your device when you visit our
Service.
2. 2 We may use API provided by system to to enable sharing and collect your interactions on social networks
through the Software and Services.
2.3 Your Content. When using some of our Services, such as editing graphics, photos, videos, music, you may voluntarily
post, upload or share the content( including but not limited to graphics, photos, videos, music) to the Software .
2.4 Facial Features Information.
2.4.1 Collection and processing of your facial features information
When you first use certain face recognition functions including but not limited to using "Creative" to show the effects of
aging, baby prediction, animal face, or cartoon effects, the App will pop up a pop-up window to ask for your confirming. You
may choose to grant us the permission to access to your camera and album to obtain your facial photo in your mobile
device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album.
We will then use TensorFlow to analyze the facial features information on the photos, automatically capture the position and
shape of the five sense organs in the photos, and feedback funny videos to you.
If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection and processing of your facial features information,
we will promptly cease all such collection and processing.
2.4.2 Storage and sharing of your facial features information
We capture the facial features information only for operating the face recognition functions. For such videos, facial features
information, we will neither store nor share them with any third parties after processing.
(2) The purposes we use your information
2.5 The main purpose we use your information is to deliver and improve the Service. Read on for a more detailed
explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
Page 2 of 3
to operate and update the Software and the Service, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features;
to improve and customize the Software and the Service;
to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software;
to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and the Service.
If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know we start to process information on that
other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
3. WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only disclose your personal data with your knowledge and as stated in this Privacy Policy. This includes disclosures
that will enable us to fulfill our obligations to you, and allows us to manage our business operations. Your personal data may
be shared as follows:
3.1 We share your personal data with service providers
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but in order to help them and us understand the usage patterns of
Service for analytical purposes and to offer new features or otherwise tailor or enhance our Service, we may share your
information with third parties that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or providing service to the
App.
We will take appropriate measures to ensure that no user can be individually identified from the disclosure of such
information, and we require these third parties (i) to keep the data secured, (ii) not to use the data for any other purpose
other than to provide us with the Service; and (iii) to use the data solely in compliance with the applicable data protection
laws, this Privacy Policy and the App Store Review Guidelines.
We do not have power to control or influence these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore,
if you do not want to share your personal data with any third-party organizations, please contact us by email for more details
or do not use such service provided by that third party.
3.2 We may share your personal data for safety, legal purposes and law enforcement
We use and disclose personal data as we believe necessary under applicable law, to enforce our Terms of Service, to
protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others, and to respond to requests from
courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include
authorities outside your country of residence.
3.3 We may share your personal data with third parties in case of change of control
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer information is generally one of the
transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity
(e.g. parent company or subsidiary) and may transfer such information in the course of corporate transaction, such as the
sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
4. PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you reside in the EU, you may:
Delete your personal data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer
necessary to provide Service to you) by sending us an email.
When you request to delete your personal data, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but
please note that we may be required to keep such data and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in
which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements, please check section 8
for more details). When we delete any data, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We
may also retain your information for fraud detection or similar purposes.
Change or correct your personal data: You can edit, change, update or fix some of your personal data by sending us an
email.
Object to, or limit, or restrict, use of your personal data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g.,
if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held)
by sending us an email.
Access your personal data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data by sending us an email. You can ask us for a
copy of your personal data in machine readable form by sending us an email.
5.PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Page 3 of 3
We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal data
against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We use
firewalls, encryption technology and Network access designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only
stored in centers that provide high-level security for user's data. We also protect user's privacy by seeking to minimize the
amount of sensitive data. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of
user data. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is
completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
6.CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Although our Service is a general audience service, our App is not intended for children under the age of 16 or other
statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the "Minimum Age") . We do not
knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal data from children under the Minimum Age, and no part of the Service is
directed to children under the Minimum Age. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal data without your
consent, you may alert us at photostudio0703@gmail.com. If we learn that we have collected any personal data from
children under the Minimum Age, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the Service for the
child.
7.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Agreement at any time. If we decide to make material changes to this Agreement, we will provide notice
through our Service, or by other means, to provide you an opportunity to revise changes before they become effective. If you
disagree with the changes to this Agreement, you should stop using Service. Your continued use of our Service after we
send a notice about our changes to this Agreement means that you are consenting to the updated Agreement.
8.DATA RETENTION
We retain your personal data we collect as described in this Agreement and for as necessary for the provision of the
Services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g.
settlement). The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide
the Services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal,
contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data
relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection, use, disclosure of your personal information, we(
and any third parties with whom we cooperate) will promptly cease all such use, you can request that we erase your
personal information and close your account.
9.CONTACT US
You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Agreement. For any questions concerning your personal data
please contact us at photostudio0703@gmail.com.
This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance by users or publication by us once update or modification. This Privacy
Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to the Terms of Service.
privacy-policy.pdf
privacy-policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying privacy-policy.pdf. Page 1 of 3