Introduction
Screen Shots
Hints and tips
What is it?
Videos
Performance
Fractally files
Fractally
LuckGrib
Offshore
Routing
Introduction
Screen Shots
Hints and tips
What is it?
Videos
Performance
Fractally files
The privacy policy is pretty simple.  Fractally respects your privacy.
The App
The only time a network connection is required by Fractally is when you
choose to donate to the author, or visit one of the Website links made
available through the app, such as the link provided to this page.
The Fractally donation facility uses Apple provided frameworks to establish
an auto renewable subscription.  (This subscription can be cancelled at any
time, even immediately after making a donation, if you prefer to make
a single, one time donation.)
Aside from those scenarios, Fractally operates exclusively on your device
and does not contact any outside servers.  Nothing is shared with anything
else, aside from when you deliberately share a
fractally file
or image
with another device or person.
This website
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically
collected by the servers that run this website.  This information can
include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times.  This
is standard information that is collected while serving HTML to your
browser, as well as to provide general statistics regarding use of this
server cluster.  This information is transient.
Personal information
The only personal information retained is if you email the author with a
suggestion, question or for any other reason, your email may be preserved.
The author does not sell, rent or lease the list of email addresses of
customers.  That would be rude and I don’t do it.
Apple does not provide App authors with a
customer list
or any identifying
information regarding the apps customers.  You can download Fractally, run
the app, make a donation, all without the author ever knowing your name or any
other identifying details.  That’s the way the Apple app store works.  The
App store is designed to guard your privacy.
Cookies
This website does not use cookies to track your activity.
Questions?
If you feel this policy is unclear in some respect, or have any other
questions regarding it, please contact the author.