PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION
Triband ApS’s (hereinafter “Triband”, “we”, “us” or “our”) privacy policy is designed to provide clarity regarding your use of our games (“Games”) published and made available to you by third party platform providers, such as Apple through its Apple Arcade service and Valve through Steam (“Game Platforms”). Consequently, the Game Platform’s terms, conditions and policies will also apply when you use our Games on Game Platforms. Triband is not responsible for the Game Platforms terms, conditions, and policies.
Triband is obligated to protect the personal data we process about you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act.
The legal entity responsible for the processing of your personal data is:
Triband ApS
Company Registration Number: 37776998
Gothersgade 160, 1. tv.
Denmark
car_support@triband.net
Your data security is important to us, and therefore, we take great care to ensure that your personal data is handled responsibly. Below you can read how we process personal data about you, when we act as data controller. You can also read about your rights in relation to our processing.
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCESSING
Users of the Games:
TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE OF THE EU/EEA
In connection with our processing of your personal data, we may transfer such information to countries outside the EU/EEA (third countries).
Your personal data may be transferred to countries where the European Commission has determined that the level of data protection is equivalent to that in the EU/EEA (secure third countries).
Your personal data may be transferred to countries where the European Commission has determined that the level of data protection is equivalent to that in the EU/EEA (secure third countries).
We may also transfer your personal data to unsecure third countries. The transfer of your personal data to unsecure third countries will be based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) developed by the European Commission specifically designed to ensure an adequate level of protection or for companies established in the United States as a result of the US company's certification to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
We assess the adequacy of the transfer basis and adopt additional measures if necessary to ensure an adequate level of protection for the transfer.
You can read more about the transfer of personal data to countries outside the EU/EEA on the European Commission’s website. You can also find an overview of US companies registered with the DPF here: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search.
If you would like further information about our transfer of personal data to countries outside the EU/EEA, please contact us.
CHILDREN
We do not know the age of the users of our Games, as the user registration is done through the Game Platforms.  However, children under the age of 13 years can play our Games. We limit our data collection in connection with our Games and only process the users Game ID and the users progress on the Game Platforms.
If you are a parent, you can decline to have personal data collected from your child by blocking your child’s access to our Game or the Game Platforms, e.g., by turning off iCloud for our game and signing your child out of Game Center.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
•
Right to information
:
You have the right to request to access the personal data we process about you. However, there are exceptions, which means that you do not always receive all the information we process.
•
Right to rectification
: You have the right to have any incorrect personal data corrected. You also have the right to request us to complete information that you believe is incomplete.
•
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
: In certain situations, you have to request erasure of your personal data.
•
Right to restriction of processing
: In certain situations, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. If you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data, we may only process personal data in the future – apart from storage – with your consent, or for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims, or to protect an individual or important public interests.
•
Right to object:
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data.
This means that you can stop or prevent us from processing your personal data. However, this only applies in certain cases, and we do not have to stop processing your personal data if we can provide legitimate grounds to continue processing your personal data.
•
Right to withdraw consent
: If the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Your withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out before you have withdrawn your consent.
•
Right to data portability
: You have the right to request to receive the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, that right is not unlimited and there may therefore be certain where we are not obliged to comply with a request for data portability.
•
Right to complain
: You can always file a complaint with the relevant competent data protection authority about our processing of personal data.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us at our email address above.
UPDATES OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time it will be necessary to update our privacy policy. We will review our privacy policy on a regular basis in order to ensure that it is updated, valid and in accordance with current legislation and the principles for processing of personal data. We will make new versions available to you.
This privacy policy is last updated on September 4, 2024.