We are happy to have you as a “Rem” User
It is “Rem” honor to show its users respect and support they deserve. 
            Your privacy is our first goal. 
            Your use of Rem indicates your acceptance of this policy and any modifications of it that we might make in the future. 
            The current Privacy Policy will always be published here and can be checked at any time. 
            Please read the following carefully and in case of any questions and comments we are here to answer and help you for more clarification.
What Information we collect and How we use it
Apple Health and Motion data
In order to process data to perform sleep analysis and understanding of sleep habits and of how sleep quality is correlated to certain health and motion metrics, Rem relies on the ability to read your health data for sleep analysis from the Apple HealthKit database and the data recorded by the motion sensors on your iPhone and Apple Watch. Rem will ask for your explicit permission to access specified categories of health data and recorded data by the motion sensors that are stored on your device through Apple Health. Rem cannot read data from the Apple HealthKit database and Motion and Fitness Activity unless you specifically grant access.
Anonymous usage data and third-party analytics
We may use third-party services in Rem in order to detect and diagnose any potential issues and understand how Rem is used so that we can improve your overall experience with Rem. We never share any of your sleep or health data with any of those services. Those third-party services may use and store anonymous aggregate data such as the IP addresses or device identifiers of the devices, device characteristics, location data, version of Rem installed on your device, the iOS version that your device is running on and whether or not you have access to our premium features. We will not sell your Health Data to advertising platforms, affiliate networks, data brokers or information resellers. We will not use your Health Data for advertising, promotion, cross-selling or any similar service.
Terms and Conditions
These terms and the privacy policy govern your use of Rem application and all the services it provides.
            By installing the app and accessing its services, you agree to be bound by these terms of use and confirm that you have totally read the terms. Please read the terms thoroughly and if you do not agree with them, DO NOT use the application.
Changes to terms and Services
We may need to make some modifications to these terms from time to time and it is the Rem right to do it at any time without prior notice. Therefore, we suggest that our users review the terms every now and then. If the change is very important, you will be certainly notified via email, or through the app. If you do not consent to the modified Terms, please stop using the service.
Consult Your Doctor Before Use
Rem is an application helping you to track your sleep. You can improve your sleep routines by comparing your every night's history. The app can not diagnose, treat, cure, or stop any sleep disorders professionally so if you have chronic sleep concerns, consult with your doctor to go over possible reasons.
Read Our Privacy Policy
Please read Rem Privacy Policy to see what data we collect and how we use the data. By accessing the Services, you agree that we can use and collect your information in accordance with that Privacy Policy.
Subscription
Rem users may access to the product in two ways:
Free Trial:
This plan gives unlimited access to all Rem features for 7 calendar days. You will not be charged if you cancel your subscription at least 24 hours before the end of the trial period.
Subscription:
This plan gives access to all Rem features while your subscription is active and it will renew automatically unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the current cycle ends. You can manage your subscription and turn off auto-renewal in accounts setting.
The subscription plan is on monthly basis which constitutes 30 calendar days. For each month that your subscription is active, you permit Rem to charge the same price for the same plan as it used for the original subscription fee.
Your purchase will proceed through iTunes/App store and will be subject to Apple's applicable payment policy. Because the payments are handled by iTunes/App store, they can be refunded and approved only by Apple. To receive a refund you need to contact Apple directly.
Deleting the app dose not automatically cancel your subscription however You can turn off your subscription actively in your account setting of the app store. If you uninstall the app but don't cancel your subscription before it ends, you will still be charged.
Termination
It is the Rem right to suspend or terminate your account or your access to some parts or all of the Service, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice or liability to you. Upon any such suspension, or termination, we may delete or remove Your Content and other information related to your account. You may close your account at any time by contacting Customer Support.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS
THE Rem SERVICE AND Rem CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR THE Rem SERVICE, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE Rem APP, SERVICE OR CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINENESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS, OR RELIABILITY OF THE Rem SERVICE OR ANY Rem CONTENT.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) that such parties may incur as a result of or arising from your (or anyone using your account’s) violation of these Terms. Company reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with Company’s defense of such claim.
Rem Property rights
Rem application and all of its property including content, logos, trademarks, software and all other information are and will be our own property. It is STRICTLY prohibited to copy, use, transfer, republic, redistribute without prior permission.