Privacy and
Policy
Welcome to Vectorlabz Gaming
What Information May Be Collected
– Data you provide to us (contact information).
– Technical data (Device ID, Advertising ID, IP address, Mac address, IMEI, etc.)
– Audio/Photos/Videos (locally on device).
– Data collection from our partners.
* To learn more, please read Section 2 of our Long Form Mobile Privacy Policy that can be found below
Why It’s Collected
– To allow you to use our services.
– To provide social features.
– Internal operations (e.g. analytics)
– Subscription/In-app purchase.
– In-app advertising.
* To learn more, please read Section 3 of our Long Form Mobile Privacy Policy that can be found below
With Whom It’s Shared
– Internal operations’ service providers (Flurry, Swrve, AppLovin, Vungle, MoPub, Chartboost and MixPanel (only for Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games)
* To learn more, please read Section 4 of our Long Form Mobile Privacy Policy that can be found below
Opt-Out of Analytics/
* To learn more, please read Section 5 of our Long Form Mobile Privacy Policy that can be found below
Parents Contact Us / Review or Delete Your or Your Child’s Collected Info
– Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
– Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games , Johar Town Lahore Pakistan
– contact@vectorlabz.com.
* To learn more, please read Section 1 and 6 of our Long Form Mobile Privacy Policy that can be found
Long Form Mobile Privacy Policy
– Available
– In case of discrepancy between the Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games Short Form Mobile Privacy Policy and the Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D
Games Long Form Mobile Privacy Policy, the latter shall prevail
Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games Long Form Mobile Privacy Policy
Last update: July 7, 2017
Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games Inc. (“Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games”, “we”, “our” or “us”) respects the privacy rights of our online visitors
and mobile customers and recognizes the importance of protecting the information collected about you. For our practices regarding children, please see below.
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to the collection, use and disclosure of personal and non-personal information by Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games and its affiliates through the vectorlabslimited.com websites (the “Sites”), (the “Programs”) (in this Privacy Policy, the Sites, Apps and Programs are referred to collectively as the “Platforms”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection, use or disclosure of personal and non-personal information through any apps for which Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games is not the publisher.
By using the Platforms, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use any of our Platforms.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check the Privacy Policy each time you use our Platforms to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated. Your continued use of our Platforms will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy. If there is a substantive or material change in the way that we use your personal information, we will notify you via email of the relevant changes or provide other prominent notice. If you choose to opt-out of or not opt-in to our changed practice, our email communication (if applicable) will contain instructions on how to do so. If such change affects children’s users, we will first notify and obtain the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.
1- How We Protect The Online Privacy Of Children Under 13
Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games takes many precautions to protect the online privacy of children. Whenever we refer to “children” in this Privacy Policy, we mean children under the age of 13. Please help us in protecting children’s privacy by instructing them to never provide any personal information (full name, email address, home address, phone number, etc.) without your permission.
Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games follows the principles of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), a U.S. law designed to protect the online privacy of children, in our online services and Apps that are directed to children. If you would like to learn more about COPPA, you can refer to the “Children’s Privacy” section of the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
Currently, Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games does not knowingly collect any personal information from children or within the child-directed portions of our Platforms except as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy. If we were to collect and store personal information from children, we would obtain the consent of a parent or legal guardian before such collection, unless the collection of information falls within an exception that is permitted under COPPA.
Parents who have registered their child to the Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games should understand that information, including but not limited to a child’s first name, last name’s initial, country of residence and behavioral activity within the beta version of the app tested, may be collected by Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games. In addition, any feedback provided by beta testers may be used to make adjustments to and improve upon Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games products including but not limited to the gameplay, app flow, story, art and animation.
In our Apps directed to children users, we collect information that includes persistent identifiers such as a device identifier (“device ID”) or an Internet Protocol address (“IP address”). This information is collected solely for the purpose of providing functionality and support for our internal operations and optimizing our users’ game experience.
The Apps may contain advertisements about Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games or third party products and services. In any case, Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games does not permit behaviorally-targeted advertising to children in the Apps or in the Platforms where we have actual knowledge that the user is under the age of 13.
If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected your child’s personal information without your prior consent, you may contact Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games’ Chief Privacy Officer:
By email:
contact@vectorlabz.com
By mail:
G1 Johar Town Lahore,Pakistan
2- Information Collected By Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games
There are two types of information that may be collected by Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games. The first is called personal information which is information that can be used to identify a specific individual. As stated in the previous section,Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games does not knowingly collect any personal information from children outside of the information required for the support of internal operations.Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games may collect personal information that parents, legal guardians or persons over 13 voluntarily provide on the Platforms. Please note that some applications allow the user to record photo/audio/videos locally on your device. These photos/audio/videos are never shared with Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games nor with other users of the app nor are they shared with any unaffiliated third-party companies. The second type of information is non-personal information which doesn’t directly identify an individual. Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games may collect non-personal information about your use of the Platforms to help us improve our services or for other purposes, as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may combine the non-personal and personal information you provide us through our Platforms. Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name, email address, phone number, mobile number, device type, operating system, home address, birth date, general location data, precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent), statistical and usage data (as further explained below), proof of identity (such as the driver’s license, social security, social identification number or social insurance number) of contest prize winners and, to the extent required to process any payment, your credit card information.
In addition, we may collect data if you link a third-party tool with the Services (such as Facebook, or Google), collect data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising), collect data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment), collect data for advertising and analytics purposes, demographic information such as gender, zip code or postal code,  and other data that you may provide in surveys or online profiles, for instance. We may combine demographic information with personal information.
3- Purposes For Which We Use The Information Collected
Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games may use the personal information you provide us for the purposes of:
Administering contests and awarding prizes which are only directed to parents and adult users
Warranty registration and/or providing customer support or responding to technical service requests
Providing online services for parents and users over 13
Registration for games or special game-specific event participation for parents and users over 13
Registration for membership and participation on our Sites or in our Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games program
Processing your order(s) of products or subscriptions from us online
Responding to or forwarding your request(s) for services from third-party service providers on our Sites
Enabling your use of our software or online services and access to certain areas of our Sites, features or programs
Beta-testing
Newsletter sign-up or improving our products and services.
You are not required to provide personal information to us to obtain access to any of our Platforms; however, the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information are required for registration to access certain areas or features of our Platforms and, if you do not provide the required information, you will not have access to these areas or features.
Statistical and Usage Data:
When you use our Apps on your device, we may retrieve information about your hardware system and how your game is played, including your IP address or device ID. We may also collect information about your computer, hardware, software, platform, media, connection, information about online activity such as feature usage, gameplay statistics and scores, user rankings, click paths, and in-app purchases. We use this information to enable you to play our game over the Internet. We also use this information to better understand the behavior and preferences of our customers, so that we can improve our products and services. We work with third party analytics companies (Swrve, Mixpanel and Flurry) to help us collect and analyze this information with the goal of improving our Platforms and providing you with the best services.
Other Uses:
We may also use your information for other legitimate business purposes. Whatever the purpose may be, we will only collect information to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and our legitimate business objectives or as permitted or required by law.
Use of “Cookies”:
Our Sites may use cookies to enhance your experience while using them. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving language preferences and maintaining your sessions while you are on our Sites. The cookies used on our Sites contain generic information used for page navigation. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, some areas of our Sites may not function properly. We also use cookies related to the use of Google Analytics on our Sites. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to report on visitor interactions. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our Sites. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the Sites. You can opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by visiting: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB. In any event, we do not link information collected through cookies with any personally identifiable information.
Internet Protocol Address/Device ID:
We collect an IP address or Device ID from every visitor to our Platforms. An IP address or Device ID is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer or device when you use the Internet. We use an IP address or Device ID to help diagnose problems with our servers, administer our Platforms, analyze trends, track users’ movement on our Platforms, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the Platforms, and deliver customized, personalized content. We do not link IP addresses or Device IDs with any personally identifiable information.
In-Game Advertising:
Our Platforms may incorporate advertising serving technology offered by our third party service providers (Chartboost, MoPub, Vungle, SuperAwesome and Applovin), which enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded into the game and replaced while you play. The data collected for this purpose may include IP address or persistent identifiers, to notably allow our third party service providers to calculate the number of views, to cap ads and to serve ads in a format that fits your device, However, in no case will this data be associated with any of your personal information, nor used for behavioral advertising or to build a profile on your online practices. None of the information collected and used for advertising purposes is used to personally identify you. These advertising serving technologies are integrated into the Apps; if you do not want to use these technologies, do not play the Apps while connected to the Internet.
4- How We Share Or Disclose Information
Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below.
Third Parties:
You may register for other services from our Platforms which are offered by third parties. If you opt into any of these third-party services, we may collect additional information requested by this third party and pass this information, together with all other registration information (including personal information), to that third party. The use of your information by a third party will be governed by that third party’s terms of service and privacy policy. Participation in these other related services is optional and is not required to play or participate in any of our Platforms.
Partners:
Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games may also share non-personal information with our brand partners, which may include without limitation game session information, retention, purchases, gameplay events, and user behavior. Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games does not share any personal information with these partners.
Marketing:
The personal information you provide will allow us to alert you to new products, features and enhancements; special offers; upgrade opportunities, and contests and events of interest. From time to time, we may also inform you of other companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We see this as a value-added service helping you to find useful products or services. We strive to limit the use of the information you provide to those offers that we think you would appreciate receiving. You may opt-out of this service by contacting us as set out in the opt-out provision below. Currently, Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games does not share personal information with third parties for marketing purposes (except to the extent required by law, court order, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority).
Service Providers:
We may transfer personal information to third-party service providers that perform services on our behalf or otherwise collect, use, disclose, store or process personal information on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Some of these service providers may be located in a country other than where you reside, including in the United States, and your personal information may be stored or processed in those countries. We take reasonable contractual measures to ensure that our service providers provide appropriate protection for your personal information and use your personal information only for the purpose of providing the services to us. Your personal information is subject to the legal requirements of the country in which it is located, including lawful requirements to disclose information to government authorities in those countries. Our employees and those of our agents and service providers who require it in order to fulfill their job requirements will have access to your personal information.
Legal Rights and Obligations:
Finally, we may use and/or disclose your personal information to enforce legal rights and comply with the law, or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority, or when we have reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage. When necessary, we may also disclose personal information to law enforcement, or to the appropriate civil authorities.
Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games does not knowingly share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
5- Other Important Information
Opt-Out Provision: Currently,Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games does not share personal information with third parties for marketing purposes. In the event this was to happen,Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games would obtain your consent prior to any such disclosure. If you do not want Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games to send you postal mail about our products and services, you can opt out at any time and choose to have your name removed from our mailing list. You can do so by contacting Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games Privacy Officer:
By email:
contact@vectorlabz.com
By mail:
G1 Johar Town Lahore,Pakistan
By providing us your email, you accept to receive emails from Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games with respect to our products and services. Additionally, by providing Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games with your email on Facebook, such as through sweepstakes or a newsletter sign-up, you accept to receive emails from Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games with respect to our products and services. If you opt to receive such communications, you may opt-out of this consent at any time by contacting us as described above or by using the unsubscribe mechanism included in the email communications you will receive. You may also modify your user settings to edit the email address related to your account or opt-out of receiving emails, at any time.
You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting us as described above. Please note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services.
Safeguarding Your Personal Information:
We will only collect and use personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, accuracy and privacy of the information you have provided. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any personal information will provide sufficient protection of that information.
Business Transactions:
We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets or rights relating thereto.
Third-Party Sites:
If you click on a link to a third-party site, including on an advertisement, an Ad Provider link, or other third-party service, you will leave the Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games Platform you are visiting and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games.We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to on a Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games’ Platform, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information on that site.
Reviewing, Correcting and Deleting Your Information, Requesting Removal from Mailing Lists and Deactivating Your Account: If you wish to request access to your personal information or request that such information be corrected or deleted, or if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games, please contact Pixel Art Book Color By Number – Pop It 3D Games’ Privacy Officer (contact information below). Your right to access or correct your personal information is subject to applicable legal restrictions. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
If we have unintentionally collected and stored any personal information from children under 13, parents can request access to review such information, have it deleted, or stop our further collection or use of such information. To make any of these requests (when applicable), please use the contact information below.
Consent: Generally, by providing us with personal information, we will assume that you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified at the time that we collect the information from you or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. In the case of children under 13, as applicable, we will obtain a parent or legal guardian’s verifiable consent prior to the collection of personal information from such users, unless the collection of such information falls within an exception that is permitted under
COPPA.
6- Contact Information
For any questions on this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us!
By email:
contact@vectorlabz.com
By mail:
G1 Johar Town Lahore, Pakistan