PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy offers information to the user in relation to the processing of their personal data as required by the European Data Protection Regulation 679/2016, of April 27th, regarding the protection of natural persons with regard to the treatment of personal data and the free circulation of these data and Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5th, on the Protection of Personal Data and guarantee of digital rights.
Thus, we proceed to provide all the information required in relation to the processing of personal data carried out through the use of our Services (download and use of the games).
1.- Responsible for the Treatment
The data controller is Keplerians SL, with VAT B75087213, registered office at Calle Aduana 13, 1ºA (Irun – Spain) and contact email address
support@keplerians.com
.
2.- Personal data collected
All personal data processed by Keplerians come from the user himself.
When a user downloads one of our games and uses its Services, the data that is collected is as follows:
Device ID.
User ID, in case of linking with the services of the App Store Game Services. The data that Keplerians will have access to will depend on the data that the user has entered in their Game Services account.
In cases where the user has authorized it, the email may also be processed.
Device operating system version.
Country of origin.
Type of internet connection used to play.
3.- Purposes and bases of legitimation
The main purpose of data collection is to provide the requested Service to the user. This data is collected automatically when the user downloads the game and accepts this privacy policy.
The data may also be used for analytical purposes to carry out statistical studies on the usability of the games and their services. The treatment for this purpose is carried out by means of aggregated data, so that it does not affect the privacy of the users, in that the data is dissociated, avoids identification and does not cause individual legal consequences on the users.
Finally, the data will be processed for advertising purposes, offering you commercial information within the game. We, or third-party ad networks, may collect and associate information with mobile advertising IDs (such as iOS advertising identifiers and Google advertising IDs) on the Sites. These are
unique (resettable) identifiers set by the applicable mobile operating system provider (“Mobile Advertising ID”). However, the user may deactivate in the settings of his device, the reception of targeted advertising through his mobile advertising ID.
The following is a summary of the information related to the purposes and legal bases for the processing of your personal data:
Purpose
Legal base
Provide the requested service
User consent, art. 6.1.a) of the GDPR
Analytics, statistics
User consent, art. 6.1.a) of the GDPR
Advertising
Legitimate interest of Keplerians, art. 6.1.f) of the GDPR
4.- Recipients
Keplerians may communicate your personal data to third parties that provide services, but your data will not be communicated to third parties for purposes other than those indicated here, unless prior authorization of the user or by request or request of a public or judicial administration.
5.- International Data Transfers
The processing of personal data will involve making International Data Transfers outside the European Economic Area. Transfers have the legal guarantees required by Regulation (EU) 679/2016, with standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.
6.- Conservation periods
The personal data of the users will be kept for the time necessary to provide the requested services, so the user data will be kept for as long as they are active in our Services.
If a user remains inactive continuously for a period of 3 years, the data will be deleted, but will remain blocked for the maximum period of prescription of personal actions established in art. 1964 of the Civil Code of Spain, established in 5 years. This means that the data will be kept for 5 years but will not be used for any purpose. After this period, the data will be permanently deleted from our databases.
7.- Rights
In accordance with (EU) 2016/679 Regulation, the interested parties may exercise the following rights regarding data protection:
Right of access. You can request the person responsible for access to your data to check what personal data they are treating, for what purpose and the conservation period, among other information.
Right of rectification. You can urge them to rectify your data when they are no longer accurate.
Right of deletion or elimination. You may request that your data stop being processed and be deleted. In this case, your data will probably be blocked, but not deleted, since they must be kept for the limitation periods of actions indicated above. However, you will be duly informed, if applicable.
Right of limitation. They will be kept for legitimate interest or the exercise or defense of possible claims.
Right of opposition. You can object to the controller continuing to process your data, in which case you can only keep your data for legitimate interest or the exercise or defense of possible claims.
Right of portability. If you want your data to be processed by another data controller.
Models, forms and more information on the referred rights:
Spanish Agency for Data Protection
. Rights may be exercised by email to
support@keplerians.com
. In order to prove your identity, you will be required to provide us with some additional information to verify that you are the owner of the data.
Possibility of withdrawing consent: in the event that consent has been granted for a specific purpose, the interested party has the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the legality of the treatment based on the consent prior to its withdrawal. .
Claim before the Control Authority: You also have within your reach the possibility of claiming before the Control Authority if you consider that the Responsible does not carry out an adequate treatment, being able to claim before the Spanish Agency for Data Protection (AEPD).
In relation to automated decision-making, you are informed that data processing will not have the purpose of making decisions about your information based solely on automated processing, including profiling. So your data will not be processed to create profiles in an automated way and without human intervention to evaluate personal aspects related to your person, such as analyzing or predicting aspects related to economic situations, health, preferences or personal interests, reliability or behavior, the situation of the interested party, all this to the extent that it has legal consequences for you or significantly affects you as a result. In any case, it would only apply when a law requires it, is necessary for the execution of a contract or when you have expressly consented. In these cases, you will be informed in advance and said treatment will be subject to the appropriate guarantees, including the right to obtain human intervention; to express their point of view; to receive an explanation of the decision made after such evaluation and to challenge the decision.
8.- Accuracy of the data
Users guarantee and respond, in any case, to the accuracy, validity and authenticity of the personal data provided, and undertake to keep them duly updated. To update the data, they can do so directly by contacting the Keplerians team.
9.- Age certification
In order to access or use our Services, it is necessary for the user to be of legal age in each jurisdiction. At a minimum, you must be over 13 years of age, as indicated in Regulation (EU) 679/2016. However, by way of example, there are countries that raise that age of majority, such as Germany (16 years), France (15 years) and Italy (14 years). The user guarantees and responds to the fulfillment of this requirement.
10.- Modification of this privacy policy
Keplerians reserves the right to modify this policy to adapt it to future legislative developments, as well as future uses that it plans to make of your personal data.
11.- Security measures
At Keplerians we adopt all the necessary security measures to guarantee the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your data, adopting the technical, organizational and legal measures necessary to protect them against third parties.