Privacy Policy
1. The Information We Collect
2. The Way We Use Information
3. Our Commitment To Data Security
4. Refund Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your sensitive personal information we provide this Privacy Policy explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this Privacy Policy accessible and easy to find, we have added it on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
1. The Information We Collect
Using this website or/and any other related services and tools of Flowers.ua you confirm that in order to carry out business activities and services of Our Company, you agree to processing your personal data, which include the following:
Name
Email address
Phone number
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In these circumstances, we collect personal information, such as:
Recipient name
Recipient email address
Recipient contact number
Personal data processed by the Company refers to private information.
By clicking “Pay” you automatically agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, namely you give explicit consent to the use of your email address and phone number to send you marketing messages (letters to your email inbox, Viber-messages, Telegram-messages, WhatsApp- messages and other messengers, or SMS messages) through our custom notification system and by our Partners to whom your personal information can be transferred provided it is treated securely and in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
By agreeing to the terms, you understand that marketing messages (messages and letters) are of an advertising nature with the purpose of notifying you about new offers, promotions, changes on the site, as well as informing you about the upcoming holidays, and are not considered spam in accordance with the requirements of current legislation of Ukraine.
According to the Law of Ukraine "On Electronic Communications",
spam
is electronic, text and/or multimedia messages that are sent repeatedly (more than five messages to one subscriber) to their e-mail addresses or end (terminal) equipment
without prior consent (order) of users
, except for notifications from the provider of electronic communication services regarding the provision of electronic communication services by him or notifications from state authorities or local self-government bodies on issues within their jurisdiction.
Notifications and any other communications with you will continue from the moment you place your first order until the moment you unsubscribe from sending messages via email, Viber, Telegram, WhatsApp, and other messengers, SMS messages, or receive a request to delete your personal data  (sent to info@flowers.ua). In this case, we must to immediately stop sending advertising offers and notifications (marketing messages) to the means of communication specified by you when registering on the site.
2. The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with third parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We offer gift-cards which you can use to personalize a product you order for another person. The information you provide to us in order to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with third parties. By placing an order and making a payment, you automatically register on our website. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above. We may also collect information about your participation in promotions offered on the website as well as process information related to the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, including viewing ads. We do not collect or process personal information about racial or ethnic origin, political, religious or ideological beliefs, membership in political parties or trade unions and otherwise. We may use third parties as controllers of personal data for business purposes. In this case, the third parties are not authorized to use the personal data obtained through Flowers.ua except to provide the company’s services.
3. Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the security of your personal information, we have created appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online. We commit to using and treating obtained personal data securely in accordance with the terms of this Private Policy.
4. Refund Policy
At Flowers.ua we guarantee the refund.
The refund is possible in the following cases:
the order was canceled before the delivery date specified in your order;
the payment was made in error or duplicated;
If, in the case of a redirected delivery, an additional payment for order shipping is necessary, and you refuse to complete the order in full;
in some other cases, at the discretion of the company.
The company reserves the right to change or cancel the above conditions for refunds for the duration of relevant promotional activities, as indicated in the specific conditions of the promotion and/or when placing an order.
Refunds for delivered orders are not possible. If you have reasoned comments about the quality of the bouquet, the company will send you a gift (of our choice) or a bouquet as an apology for the inconvenience.
Issues regarding the order are accepted within 24 hours after the date of delivery and will be considered as soon as possible.
Since flowers, chocolates, and fruit baskets are perishable products, our company reserves the right to change the composition and appearance of the order by 20%-25% while maintaining its general appearance and cost of the components.