Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
LocumBell care about our clients and are committed to taking care of their personal data. We safeguard your
            privacy, by keeping your personal data secure. We process personal data where we have a lawful basis to do
            so. We aim to be clear and transparent; why and how we use your personal data, and draw your attention to
            your rights as a data subject.
This Privacy Policy application is between you, the user of this website, and LocumSys Ltd, the owner and
            provider of this website LocumBell.
There are two ways of using the LocumBell platform:
The LocumBell Platform: We provide a communications platform that allows healthcare professionals to
                find and manage locum work and clients to send shifts to their direct locums, meet new locums, perform
                compliance, complete registration processes and pay locums.
Staffing Platform: we provide a software platform for clients registered on the staff Scheduling platform to
                manage their workforce, helping them to identify their resource and scheduling needs, spot trends,
                schedule rota’s and run payroll.
ABOUT US
The group of undertakings to which this Privacy Notice applies is: LocumSys Limited, Trading as LocumBell,
            Company Registration Number 10785037.
LocumSys Ltd is registered with the ICO, and the registration number is ZA781946.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Email us at
support@locumbell.com
, including if you
                want to escalate a matter to the Data Protection
                Officer. We will aim to acknowledge receipt of your email within 48
                hours.
CONFIDENTIALITY
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we may ask you to verify your identity before proceeding
            with any request you make when exercising your rights or sending a complaint.
Our responses may include sensitive personal data and confidential data. In certain instances we require:
That your requests are given to us in writing (including email) or are given verbally.
Details of identity are provided, including as a minimum, first name, last name, address,
                and date of birth.
We are only able to comply with requests that relate to personal data held in accessible, structured filing
                systems for which we are the data controller.
DATA WE COLLECT
In this Privacy Policy, the following definitions are used:
Data Collectively
All information that you submit to LocumBell via the website. This
                definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in
                the Data Protection Laws.
Cookies
We may place small text files called ‘cookies’ on your device when you visit our website.
                These files do not contain personal data, but they do contain a personal identifier allowing us to
                associate your personal data with a certain device. Cookies are NOT viruses, any kind of malware,
                programs, or applications.Cookies can't see the files on your device.
Data Protection Laws
Any applicable law relating to the processing of personal Data, including but not limited to the
                Directive 96/46/EC (Data Protection Directive) or the GDPR, and any national implementing laws,
                regulations, and secondary legislation, for as long as the GDPR is effective in the UK; GDPR The General Data Protection
                Regulation (EU)2016/679.
UK and EU Cookie Law
The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy
                and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011.
User
Any third party accesses the website and is not either employed by LocumBell and acting in the course of
                their employment or engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to LocumBell and accessing
                the website in connection with the provision of such services.
Website
The website that you are currently using,
www.locumbell.com
and sub-domains of this site unless expressly
                excluded by their own terms and conditions. In this Privacy Policy,
                unless the context requires a different interpretation:
The singular includes the plural and vice versa
References to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules, or appendices are to
                sub-clauses, clauses schedules or appendices of this Privacy Policy
A reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities,
            trusts, and partnerships.
“Including” is understood to mean “including
                without limitation”
Reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or
                amendment of it
headings and subheadings do not form part of this
                Privacy Policy
SCOPE OF THE POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies only to the actions of LocumBell and users
                with respect to this website. It does not extend to any websites that
                can be accessed from this website including, but not limited to any
                links we may provide to social media websites
For purposes of the applicable Data Protection Laws, LocumBell is the
                “data controller”. This means that LocumBell determines the purposes for
                which, and the way your data is processed
Data Collected
We may collect the following data, which includes personal data from you
            in accordance with this Privacy Policy:
Name
Date of birth
Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests
Financial information such as credit/debit card numbers
IP address (automatically collected)
Web browser type (automatically collected)
Operating system (automatically collected)
How We Collect Data
In accordance with this Privacy Policy, we collect data in the following ways:
Data given to us by you
Data is received from other sources
Data is collected automatically
LocumBell will collect your data in several ways, for example:
When you contact us through the website, by telephone, post, e-mail or
                through any other means
When you register with us and set up an account to receive our products/services
When you complete surveys that we use for research purposes (although
                you are not obliged to respond to them)
When you enter a competition or promotion through a social media channel
When you make payments to us, through this website or otherwise
When you elect to receive marketing communications from us
LocumBell will receive data about you from the following third parties:
Customers
Compliance and Regulatory Bodies
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED DATA
To the extent that you access the website, we will collect your data
            automatically, for example:
We automatically collect some information about your visit to the
                website. This information helps us make improvements to website content
                and navigation, and includes your IP address, the date, times, and
                frequency with which you access the website and the way you use and
                interact with its content
We will collect your data automatically via cookies, in line with the
                cookie settings on your browser. For more information about cookies and
                how we use them on the website, see the section below headed ‘Cookies’
YOUR PERSONAL DATA
How We Use Your Personal Data And Why
Any or all the above data may be required by us from time to time to
            provide you with the best possible service experience when using our
            website. Specifically, data may be used by us for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Improvement of our products/services
Transmission by email of marketing materials that may be of interest to
                you
Contact for market research purposes which may be done using email,
                telephone, fax, or mail, such information may be used to customise or
                update the website
In each case, in accordance with this Privacy Policy:
We may use your data for the above purposes if we deem it necessary to
            do so for our legitimate interests. If you are not satisfied with this,
            you have the right to object in certain circumstances (see the section
            headed “Your Rights” below)
For the delivery of direct marketing to you via email, we’ll need your
            consent, whether via an opt-in or soft opt-in.
Soft opt-in consent is a specific type of consent which applies when you
                have previously engaged with us (for example, you contact us to ask us
                for more details about products/services, and we are marketing similar
                products/services). Under “soft opt-in” consent, we will take your
                consent as given unless you opt-out
For types of e-marketing, we are required to obtain your explicit
                consent; that is, you need to take positive and affirmative action when
                consenting by, for example, checking a tick box that we’ll provide
If you are not satisfied about our approach to marketing, you have the
                right to withdraw consent at any time. To find out how to withdraw your
                consent, see the section headed “Your Rights” below
When you register with us and set up an account to receive our services,
                the legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract
                between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter such a
                contract
Who We Share Your Personal Data With
We may share your data with the following groups of people for the
            following reasons:
Any of our group companies or affiliates - to ensure the proper
                administration of your website and business
Our employees, agents and/or professional advisors or obtain advice from
                professional advisers
Third party service providers who provide services to us which require
                the processing of personal data - to help third party service providers
                in receipt of any shard data to perform functions on our behalf to help
                ensure the website runs smoothly
Third party payment providers who process payments made over the website
                - to enable third party payment providers to process user payments and
                refunds
Relevant authorities - to facilitate the detection of crime and the
                collection of taxes or duties
IT security advisors - to ensure maximum data security. In each case, in
                accordance with this Privacy Policy.
KEEPING DATA SECURE
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your
            data, for example:
Access to your account is controlled by a password
                    and a username that is unique to you
We store your data on secure
                    servers
Payment details are encrypted using SSl technology (typically you will
                    see a lock icon or green address bad (or both) in your browser when we
                    use this technology
Technical and organisational measures include
                    measures to deal with
                    any suspected data breach. If you suspect any misuse or loss or
                    unauthorised access to your data, please let us know immediately by
                    contacting us via this email address:
support@locumbell.com
If you want detailed information from, Get Safe Online on how to
                protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud,
                identity theft, viruses, and many other online problems, please visit
www.getsafeonline.org
. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
DATA RETENTION
We will keep your personal data for as long as is reasonably necessary
                to provide our products and services, including aftercare services, and
                to maintain records as needed to satisfy tax and other legal or
                regulatory requirements, as well as to protect and defend against claims
                or allegations. We anonymise your personal data once we no longer need
                it.
When defining our retention periods, we consider healthcare laws and
                regulations which apply, contracts that we have entered with the NHS and
                recommendations made by industry bodies, for example, the General
                Pharmaceutical Council.
We have a retention schedule to actively clean unnecessary data,
                reducing the amount of data we need to hold, removing duplicated and
                outdated files to avoid confusion, and expedite any necessary searches.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights in relation to your data:
Right to access - the right to request copies of the information we hold
                    about you at any time, or that we modify, update, or delete such
                    information. If we provide you with access to the information we hold
                    about you, we will not charge you for this, unless your request is
                    “manifestly unfounded or excessive”. Where we are legally permitted to
                    do so, we may refuse your request. If we refuse your request, we will
                    tell you the reasons why.
Right to correct - the right to request that we delete or remove your
                    data from our systems
Right to restrict our use of your data - the right to “block” us from
                    using your data or limit the way in which we can use it
Right to data portability - the right to request that we move, copy, or
                    transfer your data
Right to object - the right to object to our use of your data including
                    where we use it for our legitimate interests
To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights
                set out above, or
                withdraw your consent to the processing of your data (where consent is
                our legal basis for processing your data) please contact us via email
                at
support@locumbell.com
If you are not satisfied with the way a complaint you make in
                relation to your data is handled by us, you may be able to refer your
                complaint to the relevant data protection authority. For the UK, this
                is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO0. The ICO’s contact
                details can be found on their website at
https://ico.org.uk/
. ICO number ZA781946.
It is important that the data we hold about you is accurate and current.
                Please keep us informed if your data changes during the period for which
                we hold it.
LINKS TO THEIR WEBSITES
This website may from time to time provide links to other websites. We
                have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the
                content of these websites. This Privacy Policy does not extend to your
                use of such websites. You are advised to read the Privacy Policy or
                statement of other websites prior to using them.
CHANGES
Changes Of Business Ownership And Control
LocumBell may from time to time expand or reduce our business and this
                may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of
                LocumBell. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part
                of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and
                the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this
                Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which
                it was originally supplied to us.
We may also disclose data to a prospective purchaser of our business or
                any part of it. In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim
                of ensuring your privacy is protected.
This website may place and access certain cookies on your computer.
                LocumBell uses cookies to improve your experience of using the website.
                LocumBell has carefully chosen these cookies and has taken steps to
                ensure that your privacy is protected and always respected.
All cookies used by this website are used in accordance with current UK
                and EU Cookie Law. Before the website places cookies on your computer,
                you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set
                those cookies. By giving your consent to placing the cookies, you are
                enabling LocumBell to provide a better experience and service to you.
                You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of cookies; however
                certain features of the website may not function fully or as intended.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
LocumBell reserves the right to change this
                Privacy Policy as we may
                deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any
                changes will be immediately posted on the website, and you are deemed
                to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of
                the website following the alterations. You may contact LocumBell by
                email at
support@locumbell.com.
COOKIES
Cookie Type And Purpose
Strictly Necessary
These are cookies that are required for the cookie’s operation of our
                    website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into
                    secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of
                    e-billing services.
Functionality
These are used to recognise you when your cookies return to our website.
                    This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name
                    and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or
                    region).
You can find a list of cookies that we use in the cookies schedule.
You can choose to enable or disable cookies in your internet browser, by
                default, most internet browsers accept cookies, but this can be changed.
                For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet
                browser.
You can choose to delete cookies at any time; however, you may lose any
                information that enables you to access the website more quickly and
                efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is
                up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the
                developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting
                your privacy settings.
For more information generally on cookies, including how to disable
                them, please refer to
aboutcookies.org
. You will
                also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer.
REMOVAL
Please make a data processing removal request
                at
support@locumbell.com
GENERAL
You may not transfer any of your rights under this Privacy Policy to any
                other person. We may transfer our rights under this Privacy Policy where
                we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this
                Privacy Policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal, or
                unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent
                required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability
                of the other provisions of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act, or omission by a party in
                exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any
                other, right or remedy.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law
                of England and Wales. All disputes arising under the Agreement will be
                subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
DATA LOCATION
All data is held within the EU, located at our ISP’s. Lawfulness of
                processing / Legal Basis.
We process the data to allow our business to run. Its core activities
                are the matching of shifts to locums via its automated platform.
COOKIES
Below is a list of the cookies that we use. We have tried to ensure this
                is complete and up to date, but if you think that we have missed a
                cookie or there is any discrepancy, please let us know.
We use the following strictly necessary cookies:
Session Cookie
We use this session cookie to remember you and maintain your session
                    whilst you are using our website. To ensure smooth running of the
                    website.
Functionality Cookie
Security Cookies. To ensure the functions of the website operate
                    securely.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and
                delete then, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
. If you have any questions regarding this Cookies policy, please email
support@locumbell.com
.