Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 30, 2023
This Privacy Policy describes how the Massachusetts Port Authority (Massport) may use and share personal information collected from your use of the Massport website (
www.massport.com
) and the FlyLogan mobile application.
You may use the following links to jump to sections of the Privacy Policy:
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Data Retention
Security
Your Rights and Choices
Notice to International Users
Children’s Privacy
Third Party Websites
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Personal Information We Collect
Depending on how you use our website and mobile application, we may collect the following categories of information from or about you:
Identity data that helps us identify you as the user of the mobile application or website, such as your name, email address, country, and zip code.
Transaction data that you enter, such as your flight or other travel related information, parking information and details about your vehicle, and food orders. While you may submit your payment information through the website or mobile application, we do not process your payment or other information ourselves. We have engaged a third party payment processor who processes your payments.
Technical data about the device you use to access website and mobile application, such as your device’s IP address, browser type, operating system and platform.
Usage data about how you use the website and mobile application, including the pages you visit and the last time you logged in.
Other data that you may submit through contact forms or email, including to our Lost and Found and Meet & Greet programs.
Generally, we collect your personal information directly from you. We may also collect your personal information automatically through the use of tracking technologies.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use your personal information to:
Respond to your requests and questions;
Assist you with enrollment in or registration for our programs and services;
Communicate with you about administrative or transactional matters, such as information about your flights and parking, notices about the website and mobile application, information you request, or updates to this Privacy Policy;
Market to you, including via email;
Improve our services and technology;
Protect the website and mobile application, including the content we display thereon; and
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraud and other illegal activities, protect the integrity and safety of our technology and services, and/or enforce our Terms and Conditions and other terms and policies that apply to your use of our website, mobile application, and content.
We may also aggregate or de-identify your personal information to monitor website and mobile application traffic and the general demographics of our users.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with third parties in certain circumstances, including the following:
With service providers – We may share your information with vendors and contractors who need the information in order to perform services for us. These services may include operational and technical support, payment card processing, and data analytics. Generally, we take steps to require that our service providers use your personal information solely for the purposes of performing services for us and maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of such information.
As requested by you or with your consent – To the extent you affirmatively request or consent to our sharing of your information with third parties, we will do so based on your request or consent.
In a business transition – In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or sale of all or a portion of our assets, we may disclose your personal information to the party or parties of such transaction.
To protect our rights – We reserve the right to release your information to law enforcement agencies if we determine, in our sole judgment, that either you have violated our policies, or the release of your personal information may protect the rights, property, or safety of Massport, or another person.
As required by law or in response to a legal process – We may disclose information about you to law enforcement or in response to a legal process if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, including for national security or law enforcement requirements. This also includes sharing your information with governmental entities, or third parties in response to subpoenas, court orders, other legal process, or as we believe is necessary to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
In addition, we may share aggregate or de-identified information with third parties for marketing, advertising, and/or other lawful purposes.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you enter a website or a mobile application. It enables the website or mobile application to remember your actions and preferences over a period of time. Our website may use one or more of the following types of cookies and similar technologies (like pixels and tags), which are subject to change from time to time:
Strictly necessary cookies and technologies, which enable you to use the services, load and view content, and access your account.
Functionality cookies and technologies to help us remember you and personalize features and content for you on the services.
Preference cookies and technologies that allow us to capture and store your information privacy related preferences, account settings, and certain login information.
Analytics cookies and technologies that help us and our service providers compile statistics and analytics about platform users, including traffic, usage, demographic, and trend data. For example, we use
Google Analytics
to help us understand how users engage with the platform. Google Analytics uses cookies to track your interactions with the platform, then collects that information and reports it to us. This information helps us improve the platform so that we can better serve you. If you wish, you can opt out of Google Analytics by installing the
Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on
.
Advertising cookies and technologies that display advertising, including ads targeted to your interests. These technologies can also collect and combine data from third party websites (including social media sites) to help build user profiles and gather statistics on the performance of our advertisements on other websites.
To learn more about cookies and similar technologies, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
. Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies. If you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. If you want to opt-out of receiving targeted advertisements based on your interest, you can visit the National Advertising Initiative’s (NIA)
Consumer Opt Out
page (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
), which will allow you to opt-out of seeing advertisements set by participating NAI members.
Some web browsers incorporate a Do Not Track or DNT feature that signals to the websites that you visit that you do not want to have your activity tracked. Presently, many websites and mobile applications, including our website, do not respond to DNT signals because such signals are not yet uniform. As a result, we and third parties may track your online activities, including over time and across different sites and apps.
Data Retention
We retain personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, and/or reporting requirements, or as required or permitted by applicable law.
Security
We implement reasonable security measures and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the personal information we collect. However, no transmission of information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We recommend that you use caution when sharing your personal information with us electronically, especially if such information is sensitive or confidential.
Your Rights and Choices
Correct your information – You can request to correct certain personal information we maintain about you. To make such a request, please contact us using any of the methods described at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Opting out of marketing communications – To stop receiving marketing emails from us, please click the “unsubscribe” link included in such an email you already received from us, and follow the on-screen instructions.
Notice to International Users
We are committed to complying with this Privacy Policy and the data protection laws that apply to our collection and use of your personal information. We are located in the United States of America, where the laws may be different and, in some cases, less protective than the laws of other countries. By providing us with your personal information and using our services, you acknowledge that your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States.
Children’s Privacy
Our online services are not intended for or directed to, nor do we knowingly collect information from, anyone under 13 years of age. Please do not use the website if you are under 13 years old.
Third Party Websites
Our website and mobile app may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by us. These links to third party websites may be marked as external links and will have website addresses (i.e. URLs) that are different than websites controlled by Massport. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other such websites. If you visit a third party website, that third party’s privacy policies and other terms will apply to the personal information that third party collects.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect new or different ways that we collect, use and share your personal information, or to comply with law. If we make material modifications, we will make efforts to notify you in advance, such as by email or by posting notice on the website. Please regularly review this Privacy Policy to understand how we currently collect, use, and share your personal.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us at:
info@massport.com
.