Home
Privacy Policy
P
r
i
v
a
c
y
P
o
l
i
c
y
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader standards may therefore apply to some. In order to learn more about the protection criteria, Users can refer to the applicability section.
This document contains a section dedicated to Californian consumers and their privacy rights.
This document contains a section dedicated to Brazilian Users and their privacy rights.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Policy summary
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Google AdSense
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Google Analytics for Firebase
Personal Data: Application opens; Application updates; device information; first launches; geography/region; In-app purchases; number of sessions; number of Users ; operating systems; session duration; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Firebase Cloud Firestore and Firebase Cloud Storage
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
TSC Studios LLC, 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, Delaware 19958, County of Sussex
Owner contact email:
musnet.ai@gmail.com
Full policy
1. Owner and Data Controller
TSC Studios LLC, 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, Delaware 19958, County of Sussex
Owner contact email:
musnet.ai@gmail.com
2. Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
If broader protection standards are applicable, Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
3. The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Hosting and backend infrastructure, Analytics and Advertising.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
3.1 Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Analytics
Hosting and backend infrastructure
3.2 The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
Users entitled to broader protection standards may exercise any of the rights described below. In all other cases, Users may inquire with the Owner to find out which rights apply to them.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User’s consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Categories of personal information collected, disclosed or sold
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information that we’ve collected, disclosed or sold and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect
We may collect the following categories of personal information about you: identifiers, commercial information, internet information and geolocation data. We may collect the photos and videos, that you upload from your mobile device while using our application.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information without notifying you.
How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal information we collect?
We collect the above mentioned categories of personal information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use this Application.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you submit requests via any forms on this Application. You also provide personal information indirectly when you navigate this Application, as personal information about you is automatically observed and collected. Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of this Application and features thereof.
How we use the information we collect: sharing and disclosing of your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
We do not use your photos and videos for any reason other than to provide you with the face-swapping, image animation and potential future artificial intelligence functionality of the application.
We may disclose the personal information we collect about you to a third party for business purposes (e.g. improvement of bespoken service). In this case, we enter a written agreement with such third party that requires the recipient to both keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose(s) other than those necessary for the performance of the agreement.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties when you explicitly ask or authorize us to do so, in order to provide you with our Service.
To find out more about the purposes of processing, please refer to the relevant section of this document.
How we store your information?
Your photos / videos for processing (e.g. face swap) are stored on our server until you finish the editing session, but not longer than within 24 hours after the finishing of the editing session. For the rest of the time your photos used in our application are stored locally on your mobile device and may be removed any time by either deleting these photos from your mobile device’s file system directly or by deleting «FakeMe» application;
Your shared video data (specifically data to be shared with other users by using a public upload functionality) is stored on our server for a unlimited period until a request to delete bespoken content has been given.
anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data will be stored as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose we have set out in this Privacy Policy.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of this Application and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We will not use your personal information for different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you.
3.3 Applicability of broader protection standards
While most provisions of this document concern all Users, some provisions expressly only apply if the processing of Personal Data is subject to broader protection standards.
Such broader protection standards apply when the processing:
is performed by an Owner based within the EU;
concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and is related to the offering of paid or unpaid goods or services, to such Users;
concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and allows the Owner to monitor such Users’ behavior taking place in the EU.
3.4 Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
3.5 Information for Californian consumers
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who are consumers residing in the state of California, United States of America, according to «The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018» (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), and, for such consumers, these provisions supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Categories of personal information collected, disclosed or sold
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information that we’ve collected, disclosed or sold and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect
We may collect the following categories of personal information about you: identifiers, commercial information, internet information and geolocation data. We may collect the photos and videos, that you upload from your mobile device while using our application.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information without notifying you.
How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal information we collect?
We collect the above mentioned categories of personal information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use this Application.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you submit requests via any forms on this Application. You also provide personal information indirectly when you navigate this Application, as personal information about you is automatically observed and collected. Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of this Application and features thereof.
How we use the information we collect: sharing and disclosing of your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
We do not use your photos and videos for any reason other than to provide you with the face-swapping, image animation and potential future artificial intelligence functionality of the application.
We may disclose the personal information we collect about you to a third party for business purposes (e.g. improvement of bespoken service). In this case, we enter a written agreement with such third party that requires the recipient to both keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose(s) other than those necessary for the performance of the agreement.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties when you explicitly ask or authorize us to do so, in order to provide you with our Service.
To find out more about the purposes of processing, please refer to the relevant section of this document.
How we store your information?
Your photos / videos for processing (e.g. face swap) are stored on our server until you finish the editing session, but not longer than within 24 hours after the finishing of the editing session. For the rest of the time your photos used in our application are stored locally on your mobile device and may be removed any time by either deleting these photos from your mobile device’s file system directly or by deleting «FakeMe» application;
Your shared video data (specifically data to be shared with other users by using a public upload functionality) is stored on our server for a unlimited period until a request to delete bespoken content has been given.
anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data will be stored as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose we have set out in this Privacy Policy.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of this Application and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We will not use your personal information for different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you.
Your California privacy rights and how to exercise them
The right to know and to portability
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories and sources of the personal information that we collect about you, the purposes for which we use your information and with whom such information is shared;
in case of sale of personal information or disclosure for a business purpose, two separate lists where we disclose:
for sales, the personal information categories purchased by each category of recipient; and
for disclosures for a business purpose, the personal information categories obtained by each category of recipient.
The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal information collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed will be «portable», i.e. delivered in an easily usable format to enable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance – provided that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to identify and repair errors on this Application, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your personal information and direct any of our service providers to do so.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the personal information in our possession actually relates to you.
If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf.
If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a minor under your parental authority.
You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and provide information about how we will process your request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12 month period.
Should we deny your request, we will explain you the reasons behind our denial.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind it.
3.6 Information for Users residing in Brazil
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the entity running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who reside in Brazil, according to the «Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados» (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”). For such Users, these provisions supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (
LGPD
).
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information;
the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;
protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information;
access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences thereof;
obtain information about the third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based upon your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using the contact details provided in this document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in a simplified fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within 15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of your personal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the processing and the purposes of the processing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enable such third parties to also comply with your request – except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the following cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence, investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life or physical security or those of a third party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation agreement;
when the transfer is necessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of public service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the carrying out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regular exercise of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Definitions and legal references
Latest update: March 25, 2021