Fraud Protection
The customer's IP address is logged in at the time of order placement. This is done for reasons of fraud protection.
In case of fraudulent orders, they are identified and submitted to the appropriate authorities.
A customer has the right to visit the EatClub’s web page without submitting any personal identifiable information.
The web servers merely collect the domain names and not personal information of the customer.
EatClub reserves the right to collect personal information from the customer, including but not limited to first and last name, telephone & mobile numbers, email address, delivery address & any other information voluntarily provided by the customer.
This information is collected in the event a customer is:
Placing an order on the website/app or through other platforms.
Entering a contest or promotional activity.
Participating in a survey.
Subscribing to the brand’s mailing list.
Applying for a job.
Submitting website/app feedback.
Personal information collected by EatClub from any other source will be duly informed.
Use and Disclosure
Apart from the events mentioned above, EatClub may use the personal information collected to improve the content of the website/app, customize the website/app to the customer's preferences, communicate information to the customer, and for any other specified purposes.
EatClub may also store and process the personal information collected in order to provide goods and services.
The personal information is used in accordance to the customers benefit, including but not limited to any of the following purposes:
Provide the customer with outlet or promotion information.
Process an online order placed by the customer.
Determine the number of unique customers the website/app receives on any given day.
Conduct reviews of the website/app.
Fulfill prizes, awards and purchases.
Respond to specific requests from customers.
Keep the customers informed of any changes to the website/app.
Conduct market research.
Periodically send offers and information on products and services that EatClub deems will be of interest to the customers.
Further information on the terms of use of personal information used during online ordering is mentioned below:
Additional customer information is collected at the time of placing an online order on the EatClub website/app.
This is done to verify customer credentials and facilitate delivery to the customer's door.
The online ordering system stores information about the customers past orders in order to enable quick re-ordering in the future.
On concluding an online order on the brand’s website/app, the customer may be prompted to associate their contact details like mobile number with their social media accounts such as Facebook, Google, etc. The customer may choose to do so for ease of future ordering.
Credit Card Details
Eatclub does not store credit cards or any other customer payment information.
Third Party Disclosure
Personal information submitted by a customer to EatClub may be disclosed to a third party such as mailing agencies employed by the brand to provide services, to meet the purpose for which it was submitted:
If the customer has provided consent to share the information.
If the brand is required or authorized by law to disclose the information.
If the customer's personal information is collected in connection with a joint promoter, to that joint promoter for marketing and research purposes.
If EatClub feels the customer might like to receive information about a third party's goods and services.
Access, Accuracy and Security
EatClub will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information collected is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
The customer may access and request correction of any personal information concerning themselves at any time.
EatClub will take reasonable steps to protect personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Delete Account
If you'd like to delete your personal information from our system, simply delete your account.
Points to note down before deleting your EatClub account permanently:
Once you initiate deletion of the account, your account including all your information will be permanently deleted from our database after 30 days.
If you change your mind and wish to reactivate the account, you can reactivate it by logging in within 30 days of deactivation.
After your EatClub account is deleted, you will lose all your credits if you do not have an account on any of the other partner brands (BOX8, MOJO Pizza).
Any active EatClub membership may be terminated even from other partner brand apps (BOX8, MOJO Pizza).
Tap the following link to proceed:
Delete Account
GRIEVANCE OFFICER AND EATCLUB PLATFORM SECURITY
If you have any queries relating to the processing or usage of information provided by you in connection with this Policy, please email us at grievances@eatclub.in or write to our Grievance Officer at the following address:
A170, Khairane Road, Kokama International Pvt Ltd, Kopar Khairane, Navi Mumbai, Thane, Maharashtra-400170
If you come across any abuse or violation of the Policy, please report to grievances@eatclub.in.
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.