Privacy Policy
"Music Downloader For Mp3"
(hereinafter referred to as "This app") is a mobile Muisc application.
We respects and values ​​the protection of users' personal privacy. We will do its best to protect the safety and
    reliability of your personal information and data. This policy only applies to user information and data collected
    and stored by the
"Music Downloader For Mp3"
application. We hope to introduce you to our handling of your personal information
    through this privacy policy, so we recommend that you read this privacy policy carefully and completely.
Normally, when you download this app, we will not collect your personal information.
    Specifically, we do not require users to register for an account before downloading and using this app,
    nor do we track users' access to this app. We do not have servers to store users' personal information.
Permissions and Purposes
Below we will explain one by one, we may use or collect user permissions and purposes:
1. Tracking Usage
This identifier will be used to deliver personalized ads to you. We will display advertisements to users
    through some advertisers. Advertisers will recognize the user’s device through cookies and then display relevant advertisements.
    We will not share user data information with any relevant advertisers.
2. Whe will not collect and store any facial data and personal information in the application;
    and there is no act of sharing user personal information with third parties.
3.When you send feedback via email or provide error reports to us, we will obtain your personal information.
    Please understand that this information is limited to your email address and the content of your survey response.
In the above circumstances, this personal information is only used to contact you and improve our products and
    services. We will not use such information (such as your email address, etc.) for any other purposes,
    such as further selling our products or disclosing your personal information to third parties for commercial gain.
    You are especially reminded that whether to send feedback or error reports to us is entirely up to you voluntarily.
Third party app/link
We use the following ad service to monetize the app: Admob by Google Inc.
    For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the
    “how Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
&
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
&
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
. Additionally,
    you may see ads/links to other companies or mobile applications. When you click on ads/links of third parties in our
    apps or services, you may leave the app or service. We do not responsible for the privacy practices adopted by third parties.
    We recommend that you read their privacy policies.
Crashlytics: We use Crashlytics to collect crash reports and
    anonymous statistical information. This helps us to fix bugs. If you do have a crash,
    then we may upload logging information to help diagnose the crash.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this privacy policy, you can contact us at any time through
    "Settings"-"Feedback" in the software or by sending an email to younghero_service@126.com
Copyright © 2021
Young
All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
