Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect the information when you use our applications downloaded from Google Play Store and other third party app store. The Policy also explains how we use and disclose the information collected from you.
What Information We Will Use ?
We collect the following  information after your agreement  to implement significant features and provide you better experience.
Device Information.
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size, CPU model, mobile network information and installed apps) to implement app features, provide our services, and improve the app performance for all our users.
App Usage Data.
We collect usage data includes information relating to the behavior and/or the habit when you are using the app to analyze and improve the user experience. We do not collect the content you may transmit or share within the app.
Photo in Gallery.
We access your device gallery to implement features (such as duplicate photo remover, photo collage), but we will never store or transfer your album photos.
Camera Access.
We only access your device camera when using app features like Flashlight or getting camera resolution.
Location Information.
When you use a location-enabled Weather app service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.
How We Use Information We Collect ?
We use the information we collect while you use our applications and services to provide you better features and experience on them. We also use the data to measure the performance and improve the apps and services.
We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
We
DO NOT
sell, trade, or transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. And therefore we don't disclose your information.
Changes
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. We will also keep prior versions of this privacy policy in an archive for your review.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at :
fillogfeedback@outlook.com
Other
Facebook Ads Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fabout%2Fprivacy%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3_vxDa0e12CLBdNJR7OLAe:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies