Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
This Data Privacy Notice is effective as and from 1 August 2024
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain how St Dominic Credit Union Ltd (the “Credit Union”, “we”, “us” and “our”) may process your personal information.
1. Introduction
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice (together with our website terms and conditions and Cookies Policy) set out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us, details how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your personal information.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice from time to time without prior notice. You are advised to check our website
www.stdominicscu.ie
our Facebook page, twitter feed or our branch noticeboards regularly for any amendments. Such amendments will not be made retrospectively.
We will always comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) when dealing with your personal data. Further details on the GDPR can be found at the Data Protection Commissioner’s dedicated GDPR website (gdprandyou.ie)
For the purposes of the GDPR, we will be the “controller” of all personal data which we hold about you.  You can find our contact details at the end of this privacy notice.
If you are providing personal information on behalf of a third party, you must ensure that the third party receives a copy of this privacy notice before their personal information is shared with us.
2. ​Why do we collect and use your personal information?
We gather and process your personal information for a variety of reasons and rely on a number of different legal bases to use that information, for example, we use your personal information to process your membership application, to help administer your products and services, to ensure we provide you with the best service possible, to prevent unauthorised access to your account and to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
2.1. To comply with a legal obligation
We are required to process your personal information to comply with certain legal obligations, for example:
(a) to report and respond to queries raised by regulatory authorities, law enforcement and other government agencies such as the Central Bank of Ireland and An Garda Siochana;
(b) to comply with tax regulations that require us to report the tax status of our members;
(c) to verify the personal information provided to us and meet our legal and compliance obligations, including to prevent money laundering, tax avoidance, financing of terrorism and fraud;
(d) to perform credit checks in the event you apply for a loan and to supply information to the Central Credit Register and to use the Central Credit Register when considering loan applications to determine your borrowing options and repayment capacity and/ or facilitate other lending institutions to carry out similar checks;
(e) to cooperate and provide information requested in the context of legal and/or regulatory investigations or proceedings;
(f) to keep records of communications and member account activities;
(g) to maintain a register of members of the Credit Union;
(h) to administer our internal operational requirements (including credit, compliance and risk management, system development, staff training, accounting and for audit purposes);
(i) to communicate with you through certain mandatory service communications such as providing notice of the AGM; and
(j) to undertake systems testing, maintenance and development and in order to ensure network and information security.
2.2. To
enter into and perform a contract with you for the services or products which you require
In order to consider your application for membership of the Credit Union and to process any product/service applications which you may make, we have to gather some personal information.
In order to administer and manage any account you have with the Credit Union, we have to process your personal information. Examples of processing include the administration of accounts, payments, deposits, lending, credit decisions. As part of this process, we may be required to pass some personal information to an intermediary or counterparty (e.g. if you perform a payment transaction, we pass information on the progress of the transaction to the payee concerned).
2.3. To
enable the Credit Union to function as a business
In certain circumstances, we process your personal information on the basis of the legitimate interests of the Credit Union. In doing so, we ensure that the impact of the processing on your privacy is minimised and that there is a fair balance between the legitimate interests of the Credit Union and your privacy rights. If you disagree with your information being processed in this manner, you are entitled to exercise your right to object.
Examples of situations in which your personal information is processed based on our legitimate interests, include:
(a) to collect due and outstanding debt which may involve passing your personal information to debt collection agencies;
(b) to keep records of communications, including telephone lines, if required in order to evidence what has been discussed and keep a record of your instructions and to prevent or detect crime;
(c) to perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies; and
(d) to establish, exercise and safeguard our rights, including where necessary to take enforcement action) and to respond to claims made against the Credit Union.
(e) to capture images on closed circuit television in and around the premises for the purposes of security, preventing crime and ensuring compliance with health and safety legislation.
2.4. Where you have provided consent
We use your personal information to make you aware of products and services which may be of interest to you where you have consented to us doing so and in accordance with your preferences.  You can at any time withdraw that consent using the contact details below.
In the event that you apply for a loan, we may collect and process information on your health. In this case consent is not required under section 50 of the Data Protection Act 2018 relation to insurance and assurance.
2.5 To develop strategy, undertake statistical analysis, and assess current and future Credit Union financial performance
As part of our commitment to making informed decisions about products and services, we utilise data analytics to analyse our common bond performance. This analysis, conducted by a trusted third-party provider under contract, ensures that we act in the legitimate interests of our members, who are the ultimate owners of the credit union, and safeguard the financial stability of the credit union into the future.
It is important to note that we do not use data in its original state where individuals can be identified, and no analytics are carried out prior to anonymisation of the data. The only processing exception is our geo-location application, which transforms addresses into small area codes to prevent individual households from being identifiable. However, if you are not happy with your data being processed in this manner, you have the right to object by contacting us using the details provided at the bottom of this notice. Your trust and confidence are integral to our operations, and we are committed to addressing any concerns you may have regarding the use of your information.
3. What personal information do we collect about you?
The information we hold about you can vary depending on the products and services you use. This includes personal information which you give to us when you are applying for membership or applying for a product or service, personal information we collect automatically, for instance, your IP address and the date and time you accessed our services when you visit our website [or app], and personal information we receive from other sources like credit referencing agencies.  The personal information we collect about you may include:
(a) home address, date of birth, full name, place of birth, identification documents, details of income and source of wealth, nationality and tax identification number;
(b) information obtained from third parties such as credit reference agencies or business information providers;
(c) details of employment status and occupation;
(d) information that we gather from publicly available sources such as biographies held on the internet;
(e) recordings of calls between you and employees of the Credit Union;
(f) closed-circuit television may be used in and around our premises for the purposes of security and preventing crime – therefore we may have images of you captured by our CCTV cameras;
(g) information relating to member transactions (such as dates, amounts, currencies, payer and payee details); and
(h) information we learn about you from the way you operate our products and services and use our website.
4. How is the personal information collected?
We collect personal information from a number of sources, including:
(a) information we receive directly from you or from a person acting on your behalf;
(b) information we obtain from third parties such as credit reference, debt recovery or fraud prevention agencies, which may have originated from publicly accessible sources;
(c) information that we gather from publicly available sources such as the Internet.
5. Cookies
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies are small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits so that you can access information in a faster and more efficient way. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can “remember” you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal data from which you can be identified, unless you have separately furnished such information to the website.  Some of the cookies we use are essential for the website to operate.  For more information on how to manage cookies, including how to disable cookies please visit: www.aboutcookies.org.
6. CU Anywhere App
We may collect and store some or all of the following for the purpose of providing you with mobile CU information and financial transactions.: Device sign-on, but excluding Personal Identification numbers or other security challenges; Location data (for ATM and/or Credit Union location); Information about how you interact with the Application and the Credit Union processing system; Data provided by you as part of Application usage, or generated in connection with the Application. We may use this information to operate and improve our applications, web sites, and services to you.
7. Security for CU Online
All information you provide to us through CU Online is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions undertaken through CU Online are encrypted using SSL technology. You must keep your PIN, Password and Username for CU Online, and any other security device we give you, safe and secure.
You should log off CU Online and your Online Account when finished using CU Online. The use of the Internet, by its nature, is not always secure. As a result, while we have reasonable IT security measures in place, we cannot guarantee the security or privacy of communications made over the Internet including any related to CU Online, the Online Services or your Online Account.
You are responsible for providing all you require to safely and properly access and use CU Online and the Online Services including a computer, an Internet connection and security software.
Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  We review our security procedures to consider appropriate technology and methods to secure information and take steps to keep your personal information safe.
8. Current Account
If we issue you a debit card, Transact Payments Malta Limited (which is an authorised e-money institution) will also be a controller of your personal data. In order for you to understand what they do with your personal data, and how to exercise your rights in respect of their processing of your personal data, you should review their Privacy Policy which is available here
http://currentaccount.ie/files/tpl-privacy-policy.pdf
9.How do we use personal information for direct marketing?
From time to time, we would like to make you aware of other products and services that we offer which may be of interest to you. We can do this by using some of the personal information we hold about you. We will only do this with your prior consent. You have a right not to receive such information. You can make changes to your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us at the address below.
10. How does the Credit Union make use of Automated Decision Making?
We sometimes use automated decision making to enable us to deliver decisions within a shorter time frame and to improve the efficiency of our processes.  An example of where we use automated decision making is as part of our credit decision process, which involves assessing your application for credit, taking account of your current circumstances and evaluating your ability to meet the required repayments. The decision process takes into account different types of information, for example: information you have provided in your application such as the amount requested, the repayment period, your income, employment details, credit history with credit reference agencies such as the Central Credit Register and details of other credit facilities you may have such as loans, overdrafts, credit cards, etc. The Credit Union uses this information to apply internal credit assessment rules in a consistent manner. This ensures that your application for credit is treated fairly, efficiently and that we believe you can afford the required repayments. We review the automated credit decision making process on an ongoing basis to ensure that it remains fair, efficient and unbiased in order to better serve our members. You have the right to obtain human intervention at any stage in the process and you have the right to appeal any decision made in the automated process.
11. Who do we share your personal information with?
We sometimes share your personal information with trusted third parties who perform important functions for us based on our instructions and applying appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may share your personal information with the following third parties:
(a) our legal and professional advisers such as auditors and external legal counsel;
(b) trade / representative bodies;
(c) any sub-contractors, agents or service providers engaged by the Credit Union (including their employees, directors and officers), such as back up and server hosting providers, IT software and maintenance providers, document storage providers and suppliers of other back-office functions;
(d) credit reference, debt recovery or fraud prevention agencies;
(e) payment recipients and other financial institutions.
(f) those providers who assist with our common bond analysis under contract and bound by confidentiality. No analytics are carried out on data where individuals are identifiable. Our providers may in-turn share this data with the Irish League of Credit Unions (ILCU) to facilitate the compilation of accurate statistical information of the overall Credit Union sector. This data would be used by the ILCU for national and regional analysis as well as in providing valuable sectoral information which could be used for advocacy purposes, such as when engaging with government on behalf of Credit Unions.
We may also share your personal information with any third parties to whom you have instructed us to share your information with.
We are required to cooperate by law or otherwise through a legal process with Irish and EU regulatory and enforcement bodies such as the Central Bank of Ireland, An Garda Siochana, the courts, fraud prevention agencies or other bodies. We are also required to report personal and account information to Irish Revenue for interest reporting, CRS and FATCA purposes.
We may disclose personal information relating to our members to any third party in the event of a transfer or merger (or potential transfer or merger) of the Credit Union.
The people and organisations that we may share your personal information with may be located in a country that does not have data protection laws which provide the same level of protection as the laws in Ireland.  Some countries already have adequate protection for personal information under their applicable laws. In other countries safeguards will be applied to maintain the same level of protection as the country in which the products and services are supplied. These safeguards may be contractual agreements with the overseas recipient or it may require the recipient to subscribe to international data protection frameworks.  For more information about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal information in countries outside the EEA, please visit:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
12. Is providing your personal information obligatory?
We are unable to enter into or administer the relationship with you without some personal information about you.  In cases where providing your personal information is optional, we will make this clear.  In particular, it is not mandatory that our members sign up to receive marketing communications.
13.
​
Updates to your personal information
If any of the personal information you have given to us should change, such as your contact details, please inform us without delay.  Similarly, if we have collected personal information about you that you consider to be inaccurate, please inform us.  Our contact details are below.
14. How long do we keep your personal information?
We need to keep your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected (as described above). Even when you close your account with us, we must retain some of your personal information in order to comply with legal and regulatory requirements and in case of claims. We will also keep some of it in case of queries from you. The criteria we use to determine data retention periods for your personal information includes the following:
(a) Retention in case of queries. We will retain some of it in case of queries from you (for instance, if you submit an application for a product or service and if that is unsuccessful);
(b) Retention in case of claims. We will retain some of it for the period in which you might legally bring claims against us; and
(c) Retention in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. We will retain some of it after our agreement with you has come to an end, based on our legal and regulatory requirements.
If you would like further information about our data retention policy, you can contact us using the details below.
15. ​Your rights under data protection laws
Your rights are as follows (noting that these rights do not apply in all circumstances):
(a) The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information;
(b) The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed;
(c) The right to object to processing of your personal information;
(d) The right to restrict processing of your personal information;
(e) The right to have your personal information erased (the right to be forgotten);
(f) The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how we process it;
(g) The right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (data portability).
(h) The right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
In addition, you have the right to complain to the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner which has enforcement powers and can investigate compliance with data protection laws.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights you can contact us using the details below.
16. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or your personal information, please contact the Data Protection Officer, St Dominic Credit Union Ltd, Summerhill, Waterford. Phone 051-873867.
17. Updates
This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time and the current version of this Privacy Notice shall be displayed on our website.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://currentaccount.ie/files/tpl-privacy-policy.pdf:
