What information do we collect, 
												and what we use it for?
We collect your email address when 
											registering to the forum, where you can request notifications. When buying a 
											game from this website, your payment is processed through a reliable and 
											fameous third party payment processor, your payment information, including the 
											part of it that is visible to our business, will never be misused. The 
											downloaded game will submit hardware configuration details to our servers for 
											statistical use only. Your playing habits and your gameplays may be visible to 
											other users in our online games.
How do we protect your 
												information?
We use state of the art security 
											measures to maintain the safity of your personal information.
Do we disclose your information 
												to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise 
											transfer to outside parties your personality identifiable information. This 
											does not include trusted third parties, who assist us in operating our website, 
											conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to 
											keep this information confidential. However, non-personality identifiable 
											visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, 
											advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we 
											may include or offer third party product or services on our website. (for 
											example Google Play,Apple App Store,Steam) These third party sites have
											separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility 
											or liability for the context and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, 
											we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about 
											these sites.
Online Privacy Policy
Only
This online privacy policy applies 
											only to information collected through our website and not to information 
											collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also read our Terms and 
											Conditions in the game installers, and on the payment and pricing pages. Your 
											Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy 
											policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified 
											on 20/03/2011
Contacting Us
Questions regarding this privacy 
											policy may be sent to: support (at) gravitysensation.com
Copyright by
www.gravitysensation.com