By using DiscoverCars.com services, you entrust DISCOVERCARS (hereinafter –
DISCOVERCARS
or
we
) with your personal data and grant us the right to process it in accordance with our Privacy Policy (hereinafter –
Policy
) and the Terms and Conditions (hereinafter –
Terms
).
If you don’t agree to the Terms, this Policy or any of its provisions in particular, you will unfortunately not have the option to use DISCOVERCARS’ services as we will be unable to provide you the service.
In this Policy you will find all the information about which of your personal data we collect and process, for what purposes we use them, how long we store them and other information about the processing of your data. Please read the Policy carefully and, if you have any further questions, please contact us using the contact information in this Policy.
We draw your attention to the fact that both the Policy and the Terms may be amended, supplemented or renewed, and that DISCOVERCARS will inform you about this using the contact information you have provided.
Personal data
: Any information that can be used to identify a person, as well as any information about a person who has already been identified.
1. Which of your personal data do we process and why?
Bookings
In order to provide you with car rental services, we need to send your personal data (name, surname, date of birth, telephone number, email address, country of residence) and information related to your booking to the rental supplier so that it can provide the rental services you've requested.
We will use your email to send you a confirmation of your booking in the form of a voucher.
We will use your telephone number and email to clarify any issues related to your booking, and to contact you in the manner you choose before booking, if you have questions about our services.
We will use your payment details in order to do the following:
block available funds (amount for the service and, if the lessee has chosen, for the prepayment and security fee protection) until the specific booking has been confirmed
collect the available funds (amount for the service and, if the lessee has chosen, for the prepayment and security fee protection) after the booking has been confirmed
withhold/block the rental costs on behalf of the car rental supplier if an agreement has been reached between the renter and the company
collect available funds in the event of price increases (for example, when a higher class car is offered) after the booking has been confirmed
cover, on behalf of the car rental supplier, a possible no-show fee if, according to the Terms, the lessee does not arrive on time to pick up the car
Legal basis for processing data for bookings: processing is required for the contract to which you are a contracting party (vehicle rental agreement), or to take measures upon your request prior to concluding the contract.
Data processing period: the entire period of time in which you are provided services and a longer period of time if this is necessary to protect our interests and rights in relation to claims made against us.
Commercial communications
From time to time we will contact you via e-mail with information regarding car rental promotions and deals. You will have the choice to opt-in or opt-out of receiving such marketing communications by indicating your choice on the booking page when you enter the details of the driver.
You will also be given the opportunity at the bottom of every marketing e-mail to unsubscribe/opt-out.
The legal basis for data processing is consent.
The data processing period is the entire period of time in which your consent is in force.
Statistics and market and customer behavior research
We make every effort to regularly improve the services we offer, which is why we use your personal data (name, surname, birth date, information related to your booking, booking history) to gather statistics and conduct research regarding the market and customer behavior.
The legal basis for data processing is our legitimate interest in analyzing data to evaluate our business and improve the quality of the services we provide.
Data processing period: no longer than 10 years.
Visits to the website
Our web server automatically recognizes each website visitor based on a domain or email address. We keep the email addresses of those who contact us. We can also save the name, address and phone number if the user registers in our system. We do not store information about customers who only view our site.
Personal account
In order for you to more conveniently use the features of our website, manage existing and future bookings, use our special offers, accumulate bonuses, and set personal settings, we have created the possibility for you to create an account on our website and app.
To create your account, as well as to allow you to log in and use it, we use the personal data that you provide when making a booking on our website or data provided by third parties (such as Facebook, Gmail, Apple ID, and others). We use your first name, last name, and e-mail address to register your account and create access information.
The basis for processing your data to create an account is the legitimate interests of DISCOVERCARS to provide and improve its services, as well as to prevent fraud and other illegal activities.
Data processing period: the entire period of time while services are provided to you, while you use the facilities of a personal profile, or a longer period of time if it is necessary to protect the interests and rights of DISCOVERCARS in connection with demands made of or claims made against us.
Booking Credit
In order to thank you for your loyalty to our services, to congratulate you on important events in your life, or for any other reason to express our gratitude to you, the Company has developed a system for awarding Booking Credit.
In order to calculate the Booking Credit awarded to you, as well as to inform you about new awards, the balance on your account, as well as the terms and procedure for using the Booking Credits, the Company uses the e-mail address that you specified when making a Booking or when registering a personal account.
The grounds for processing your data to manage your Booking Credit are the legitimate interests of the Company to provide and improve its services, as well as for the purposes and for the performance of your and the Company's agreement and for pre-contractual measures, in order to enable you to earn and use Booking Credit.
Data processing period – the entire period of time while the Company's services are provided to you, while you use the facilities of a personal account, or you have active Booking Credit on your account and a longer period of time if it is necessary to protect the interests and rights of DISCOVERCARS in connection with demands or claims made towards us.
2. What sources do we use to collect your personal data?
All of your personal data we collect only from you. You provide us with data directly, for example, when you complete the data required for booking, and when you fill out other contact forms on our website.
3. In which cases and to whom do we disclose your personal data?
We will transfer your personal data to the rental supplier so that it can provide your requested rental services.
We can transfer your data to the data recipients who help us provide you services. Such individuals may be providers of database software, database management services, data center maintenance and cloud computing service providers, direct marketing service providers or market research or business intelligence service providers. In each case, we only provide data controllers the amount of data necessary to perform a particular task or provide particular services. Our data controllers can only process your personal data according to our instructions and may not use it for any other purpose or transfer it to others without our consent. In addition, they have an obligation to ensure the protection of your data in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations and the written agreement with us, which, among other things, provides for the permanent deletion of your data after fulfulling our particular task or terminating our cooperation.
Data can also be passed on to competent authorities or law enforcement authorities, such as the police or supervisory authorities, but only in response to their requests and only if necessary in accordance with applicable law and regulations, in the cases and according to the procedure specified by regulatory acts.
4. In which territories and jurisdictions do we process your personal data?
We only process your personal data in the European Union. We can transfer your data to countries not in the European Union and European Economic Area solely for the purpose of implementing measures to conclude a contract with a rental supplier at your request.
5. How secure is your data?
We respect your privacy, therefore, the security of your personal data is our priority. We use appropriate organizational and technical means to ensure the continued security of your personal data and compliance of the data processing with the requirements of our data protection laws as well as our internal rules, which includes DISCOVERCARS undertaking to ensure the confidentiality of customer personal data and payment card information so that when these are transmitted over the internet, they cannot be read. Booking through our website is a completely secure process. We use industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology, which encrypts all your personal data.
We comply with the requirements of personal data protection laws and, in each instance of data processing, take care to only collect the information necessary to achieve the goals indicated in this Policy and the Conditions.
6. What rights do you have under the data protection laws and how can you use them?
Data protection laws give you rights that you can freely use by contacting us. We undertake to provide you with the opportunity to exercise your rights.
The right to obtain information on whether we process your personal data and, if we do, what data.
You are entitled to receive our confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and have the right to access your personal data that we process, information about the purposes of processing the data, the category of data to be processed, the category of data recipients, the period of data processing and sources of data extraction. Most of this information is provided to you in this Policy, and we believe you will find it useful.
Right to request the correction of personal data
If your data has changed, or you see that our information about you is inaccurate or incorrect, you have the right to request this information to be changed, clarified or corrected.
Right to withdraw consent
In all cases in which we process your data on the basis of your consent, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time and the processing based on your consent will be terminated. You may at any time withdraw your consent to receive commercial communications. Revoking this consent will not limit your ability to use DISCOVERCARS services.
If your consent expires or is withdrawn or canceled, we will delete the data processed on the basis of your consent, unless there is any other basis for processing them in order to achieve other data processing objectives outlined in this Policy.
In any situation, we may also store your consent and evidence of it for a longer period of time if this is necessary in order to protect our rights in relation to demands or claims made against us.
Right to lodge a complaint
If you believe we process your data in violation of personal data protection laws and regulations, we encourage you to contact us directly. We believe that we will be able to successfully resolve all your doubts, satisfy requests, and correct our mistakes, if any.
If you are not satisfied with the solutions we offer or feel that we have not taken the necessary steps, you have the right to submit a complaint to the supervising institution, which in the Republic of Latvia is the National Data Inspectorate (
www.dvi.gov.lv
).
Right to request deletion of data (right to be forgotten)
With the existing personal data processing in accordance with the legislation, if, for example, personal data is processed illegally, the legal basis of the data processing is lost, and you have the right to ask us to delete your personal data.
In the event that personal data processed can be used for other purposes mentioned in this Policy, for example, in order to ensure proof of existence in the event of a claim, we may retain the relevant data to ensure other goals are achieved.
Right to request that data processing be restricted
With the respective data processing in accordance with the legislation, if, for example, personal data is processed illegally, you dispute the data’s accuracy, or you object to the processing of data on the basis of our legitimate interests, you have the right to restrict your data processing. However, please note that due to the limiting of data processing and during such a period of restriction, we may not be able to provide you with DISCOVERCARS’ services.
Right to data portability
You have the right to request the portability of data that you submitted to us in electronic form. Upon receiving your request for data portability, we will ensure your rights are exercised by providing you with the data in a widely used and computer readable format, or we will send the requested data electronically to the recipient of your choice, following the information specified in your request.
7. How can you contact us?
This website's owner and manager and personal data manager is DISCOVERCARS, a specialist in worldwide car rental distribution. Our financial center and marketing office is located at K.Ulmana gatve 2, Riga, LV-1004, Latvia. Thank you for booking with us!
For any personal data processing issues you can contact us in the following way:
By writing to the email address:
support@discovercars.com
.
8. Cookies
We use cookies, which are small information files sent to your computer or other device, such as a mobile phone, when you visit our website. They are stored in your web browser to save data so that we can recognize you as a DISCOVERCARS customer when you in particular revisit our website. By using cookies, we can also link your booking history and other data that we process by browsing the internet. The information obtained through cookies enables you to conveniently browse our website and enables us to provide you with attractive offers and learn more about the behavior of our website users, analyze trends and improve both the website and service provided to you, as well as the services provided by DISCOVERCARS.
Our website also uses third-party cookies. These are used to create a browsing history for each visitor to show ads specifically targeted to you and provide the best experience when visiting our website. If your browser allows third-party cookies, our chosen partner will be able to set their cookies in your browser.
For more about cookies, their use and opting out, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Last updated: 02.01.2025
Please wait...
Log in or create an account
Get access to all your bookings in one place
Continue with Google
Continue with Apple
Continue with email
By selecting "Agree and continue", you agree to DiscoverCars.com's
and
What's your email?
Email
Continue
Please check your email
We've sent an email with a verification link to {email}
Click on the link in the email to log in.
Manage Cookie Preferences
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Website Personalisation Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Advanced Advertising Cookies
Enhanced Conversions and Advanced Matching are a features that help us to improve our conversion measurement. if you accept advanced marketing cookies we will share your hashed email and phone number with Google and Facebook for a better conversion matching
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label