Breathable
An air quality index widget for iOS, iPadOS, watchOS and macOS.
Privacy
Karbon cares about your privacy. If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please email
privacy@karbon.agency
.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any current, updated and new products and services ("Products and Services"), including the addition of new properties shall be subject to these General Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms and Conditions"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Karbon does not collect any information from users. Karbon stores any necessary configuration information locally in an application sandbox, which is not accessible by any 3rd-party at any time, Karbon included.
Karbon does not log information of any kind outside of the application and device. User information is never stored on any servers or services owned by Karbon nor are any usernames and passwords visible to employees of Karbon at any time.
USE OF COOKIES
Karbon applications may use cookies to store users' session information for various web services. These cookies are stored locally on the user's device and are never sent to Karbon. Karbon does not link the information stored in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while using the application. Cookie data does not contain plain-text usernames or passwords and cannot be accessed by any employee of Karbon at any time.
LINKS
Karbon applications may contain links to third-party websites. Karbon is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected through Karbon applications.
CORRECTING/UPDATING OR REMOVING INFORMATION
Users may modify or remove any information from any Karbon application at any time. Information deletion is final and no data is stored or maintained in the application or on the device. Users may also remove Karbon applications from their device, which removes all configuration data.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION KARBON COLLECTS
Karbon can not and will not disclose any information entered into any application to any third party.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
Karbon applications are not directed to children under the age of 13. Karbon is in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, and does not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age. This requirement is clearly posted during the application purchase process via the Apple iTunes Store.
CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time Karbon may make changes to our Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A user is bound by any minor changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the site or application after those changes have been posted. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on go-karbon.com for 30 days.
CONTACTING KARBON
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this application or our website, please email
privacy@karbon.agency
.
Last updated: 06/27/2021 05:30PM GMT-8
©2021
Karbon
FAQs
Help with API keys
Privacy