Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
7
Loading…
{"id": "10rGsO200jXNYV3fwJvR87zdzx1XQADCR", "title": "PrivacyPolicy.docx", "mimeType": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document"}
Page 1 of 7
In addition to the terms set out in the standard “LICENSED APPLICATION END USER
LICENSE AGREEMENT” (can be found here http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-
services/itunes/appstore/dev/stdeula/), users agree to the Application collecting certain
detailed user information indicated in EULA &amp; PRIVACY POLICY below.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
Introduction
Data We Collect
Online Tracking and Opt-out
How We Use The Information We Collect
Cross-app advertising and other interest-based advertising technologies
Sharing Your Information
Cookies, Identifiers, Data Analysis
How We Protect Your Information
Information Relating to Children
Where We Store Your Information
How Long We Store Your Information
Data Deletion
Access To and Choices Regarding Your Information
1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apps of this publisher and should
be read together with the End User License Agreement EULA. By using a Publisher’s
App, you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this
Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with it, please do not use any Publisher’s Apps. In
certain cases, for example, if geolocation data is processed by the relevant Publisher’s
App, the Publisher’s App will prompt you to give additional consent. In such case, you
can choose not to give consent to us processing data related to your location but you
can still use the Publisher’s App.
This Privacy Policy may change so you should review it regularly. We will notify you of
any material changes in the way we treat your information through the Publisher’s Apps
you use.
2. DATA WE COLLECT
When you use an Publisher’s App, Publisher may collect data, including information
which directly or indirectly identifies you. Your information may be kept in an identifiable
format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified
from it. The information we collect about you includes:
If an Publisher’s App offers you the option to register, we will collect the information you
provide to us in the registration form. This may include identification data such as your
name, email address or other account or registration information.
We will also collect your information when you use Publisher’s Apps such as when you
post or share material, upload data, request further services or make selections using
the Publisher’s Apps, if such functionality is available in the Publisher’s App.
We will collect information about you when you interact with us such as when you report
a problem, contact or communicate with us.
We may collect certain device information and electronic identifiers such as your mobile
device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system, your mobile
Page 2 of 7
operating system details and the name of your mobile carrier. For example, if you use
the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also known as “IDFAs”) may be collected. Other
identifiers collected may include IP addresses, OpenUDID, Session ID, ODIn1, iOS
Vendor IDs, MAC addresses, IMEI, Android ID for Android platform, and ODIN1 for OS
X (together with the IDFAs, the “App Identifiers”).
Information about how and when you use the Publisher’s App. This includes the amount
of times you used the Publisher’s App, which parts of it you viewed and other technical
data such as country settings and timestamps.
Geolocation data, which is any information which indicates the geographical position of
your device and which may include the time the location was recorded. Before
processing any precise GPS geolocation data, the Publisher’s App will require you to
give your consent, which you can revoke by changing the privacy settings of your
device.
Any of your information you provide or permit to be provided to us via a social network
or public forum provider like Facebook when you link the Publisher’s App to your social
network or public forum account. This data may include your use of the Publisher’s App
on such public forums and/or social networks, including with whom you share the
Publisher’s App. For further information how and for what purpose the social network
provider collects etc. your data see their privacy policy.
We automatically collect certain information from your device when you use the
Publisher’s App including information about your device, carrier and other technical
data.
3. ONLINE TRACKING AND OPT-OUT
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information
collected from you on our Publisher’s Apps for third party purposes, and that is why we
provide the links below to the NAI “Consumer Opt-out,” DAA opt-out, and Google and
other opt-outs that are only applicable to participating third parties, which does not
include Publisher. As stated below you may also block certain App Identifiers by
changing the settings of your device. However, we do not currently recognize or
respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is still
working on Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions.
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out
4. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE
COLLECT
We may use your information we collect to:
Deliver the Publisher’s Apps to you and ensure their optimal functionality and operation;
Provide you with customer support;
Perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services,
or content;
In accordance with applicable law, communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail,
telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about
products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or
Page 3 of 7
subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application
advertising, you can upgrade to the paid version of the app.;
Develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests and to measure
its effectiveness;
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes
and in order to conduct polls and surveys;
Enforce our terms, conditions and policies and to communicate with you;
Manage and improve the Publisher’s App. For this purpose, we may use and combine
your information which we collect across different Publisher’s Apps used by you;
When we collect your precise GPS geolocation data (subject to your consent), we do so
for the purpose of providing you with our location-related products and services, for
example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your location.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook,
we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy
setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share information
about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.
When you use the Publisher’s App, we may use the App Identifiers to facilitate access
to the Publisher’s Apps, help us recognize you across different Publisher’s Apps, to
enable you to use the Publisher’s Apps, to personalize your experience, to increase
security, measure the use and effectiveness of our Publisher’s Apps and serve
advertising. You can block certain App Identifiers by changing the settings of your
device.
5. CROSS-APP ADVERTISING AND OTHER
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
TECHNOLOGIES
As described above, we sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads, content or
offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile “SDK.” The SDK is a
bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be
shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use this
and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and
browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with
third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our apps, for third party advertising. If
you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device,
please follow the instructions below.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based cross-application tracking through your mobile
device, you can do so through your device “settings”, as follows (but please note that
the below is for informational purposes only and Apple, Google, or other device
platforms may change the manner in which their “opt out” settings work at any time).
Please note that if you opt out through these settings, you will continue to receive
advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance,
that advertising may be based on your real-time or “contextual” application usage or
general location inferred from IP address.
Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones, iPads or iPods
If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of mobile interest-based or “cross-app”
advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting Limit Ad Tracking to ‘ON’. On
an iPhone 6 for example, you can do this by clicking on Settings -&gt; General -&gt; Privacy -
&gt; Advertising and toggling “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON’. Our systems are designed to
PrivacyPolicy.docx
PrivacyPolicy.docx
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying PrivacyPolicy.docx. Page 1 of 7