Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on
Text Scanner
’s website and our apps for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Information we collect
New
Text Scanner
app accounts' are created anonymously, without asking for email addresses, passwords. Our apps can be used completely without any information provided by you other than holdings you decide to add in the app at your own discretion.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish
Text Scanner's
functionality. We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties at any time for any reason.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Ad's and Analytics
Text Scanner's
app collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app. Personal data such as location, device specific information could be used to target
Text Scanner's
ads through Ad Partners at the Ad Partners discretion. Currently
Text Scanner
uses Google AdMob to provide in app advertising. These ads are show at the discretion of the provider.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure. For instance, all communication with the app and our servers requires HTTPS.
Accessing, changing, or deleting information
You may access or change your information or delete your data from the
Text Scanner
iOS app at anytime. This will remove all the holdings we store locally on the device. We do not store your holdings on our servers.
Third-party links and content
Text Scanner
displays links and content from third-party content and sites. These third party providers have their own independent privacy policies, and we have no responsibility or liability for their content or activities.
Information for European Union Customers
By using
Text Scanner
and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
idlobapps@gmail.com
. Please note that account deletion should be done within the
Text Scanner
app, not via email requests, for security reasons.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Summary of changes so far:
25
th
Oct
, 2020: First published
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it