Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement explains our practices, including your choices, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information, by the IOS and Android apps Movie Music Quiz
Contacting Us
If you have general questions about your account or how to contact Customer Service for assistance, please contact us at
contact@flixee.co
. For questions specifically about this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at the same address
The data controller of your personal information is Mr. Alexandre Derville. Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request.
Collection of Information
We do not collect any personal informations but some of our partners might do it. You’ll find the list on the section “Other websites, platforms and Applications”.
Some informations such as your levels progressions and the questions you’ve already answered are stored locally on your device.
Other Websites, Platforms and Applications
The Movie Music Quiz service may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party services that interact with the Movie Music Quiz service and may collect information used to identify you.
You can see below links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Firebase Analytics
Youtube
Facebook
iTunes
Appodeal
Children’s Privacy
The Movie Music Quiz Services do not address anyone under the age of 12. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 12. In the case we discover that a child under 12 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes (including when they will take effect) in accordance with law. Your continued use of the Movie Music Quiz service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and (as applicable) acceptance of those changes. If you do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Privacy Statement, you may cancel your use of the Movie Music Quiz service. To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the “Last Updated” section below.