Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
ar_debug
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
stcanicescu.ie
1
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
www.creditunion.ie
2
ARRAffinity
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times.
ARRAffinitySameSite
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
4
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
NID
Pending
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
YouTube
18
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Pending
YSC
Pending
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/16/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Home
/
Privacy Statement
St. Canice’s Kilkenny Credit Union Limited – Privacy Statement
To see our full privacy notice
please click here
1. Who We are
We are St. Canice’s Kilkenny Credit Union Ltd (“
we
” or “
us
”).  We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. When we ask you for personal information online it will only be in response to you requesting or using one of our online products or services.
If you are giving us information for the first time we shall explain the purposes for which we shall process it at that time. If you are a member already, this explanation will be in your account terms and conditions. Do not provide any confidential data relating to your account in response to a request not commenced by you.
This statement sets out the basis on which any of your personal data is processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we treat it.
We are a data controller for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
2. Information we may collect about you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information provided at the time of registering to use our online credit union services.
Information that you or others provide by completing forms on our website or which you or they otherwise provide to us.
Any instructions we accept from you or transactions we undertake to which you are a party, whether through our website, or otherwise.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Telephone calls may be recorded. This is to verify your information, for our staff training, regulatory and for service quality purposes.
Information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
3. Use of Cookies
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. St. Canice’s Credit Union uses cookies to collect information about visitors’ use of the website, including matters like connection speed, operating system details, the time and duration visits and IP addresses. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the Website to operate. St. Canice’s Credit Union will not attempt to personally identify visitors from their IP addresses.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit the website. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookie policy.
4. What we do with your information
We process information held about you in the following ways:
to provide credit union and other related services, products and facilities to you;
to assess eligibility and credibility for the services, products and facilities we offer;
to implement any contracts we have entered into with you; and
to conduct credit searches with credit reference agencies in order to provide credit facilities and, where necessary, for fraud prevention and debt recovery.
to comply with legal obligations.
We may also use information about you to notify you about changes to our services to which you have subscribed or to provide you with information about products or services that you request from us or, where you have agreed to us doing so, which we feel may interest you.
We may use anonymised or statistical information to analyse our website and services and to make improvements or other adjustments to them.
5. Where we store your personal information
It is possible that some of the information about you that we hold may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by one of our suppliers or someone else operating outside the EEA. For instance, if it is necessary to do so to complete a transaction, your personal information (e.g. name and account details) may be sent to a third party or one of our contracted suppliers outside the EEA.  The data processing companies commissioned by St. Canice’s Credit Union to receive your data are contractually obligated to keep your data confidential and to process it only in the context of service provision.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy statement.
6. Security for CU Online
All information you provide to us through CU Online is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions undertaken through CU Online are encrypted using SSL technology.
You must keep your PIN, Password and Username for CU Online, and any other security device we give you, safe and secure.  We will never initiate a request for this information.
You should log off CU Online and your Online Account when finished using CU Online.
The use of the Internet, by its nature, is not always secure. As a result, while we have robust IT security measures in place, we cannot guarantee the security or privacy of communications made over the Internet including any related to CU Online, the Online Services or your Online Account.
You are responsible for providing all you require to safely and properly access and use CU Online and the Online Services including a computer, an Internet connection and security software.
7. Your Rights
You have rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at dpo@stcanicescu.ie.
At any time, you have the right to obtain information regarding your data which is stored or to limit it’s processing or to correct, delete it, the right of objection against processing and the right to data portability according to the prerequisites of the GDPR. Complaints can be sent to the Data Protection Commission (info@dataprotection.ie).
8. Changes to our Privacy Statement
Any changes we may make to our privacy statement in the future at our sole discretion will be posted on this page from time to time.
9. Contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy statement are welcomed and should be addressed to dpo@stcanicescu.ie
10. Disclaimer
We shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this privacy statement and your consents.
You should be aware that where you link to another website from the us, that we have no control over that other website. We have no responsibility for the privacy practices of other websites.
Request a call back using our online form
Request a Callback
Apply Online
Submit a loan application without logging into our Online Services
Find a Branch
Visit any of our 9 branches