Support information and Privacy policy
Support information content
If you have any questions or suggestions about our application, please contact us: euol8738@163.com.
Privacy policy content
In our application, we take privacy very seriously. We know you don't want to pass a bunch of legal terms, so here is our privacy policy, in plain English.
We are not spammers and we will never sell your information to any third party. All the information we obtain from you through the use of our services is used to provide basic functions or enhance your experience with our products.
Information collected from you
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect directly from you:
Telephone number.
We require your phone number for the technical provision of our Services to you.
Phone Contacts.
We may access your Contacts permission to save the service number to contact address to provide better user experience. We do not share this information except with our telecom and cloud storage providers that are necessary to provide our Services.
We collect data on Apple device identifiers, and we will send several unique identifiers of your device to our server and store them so that we can track the number of different users who have installed our app. Please note that all of these identifiers can be reset by you, and no identifier identifies you in any way. The identifiers we use are: 1) a unique identifier generated for applications, 2) a vendor identifier, which is a unique ID generated by IOS for all applications
Crashlytics We use Crashlytics to report to us when the app crashes so that we can fix these crashes as soon as possible. We do not send any information to Crashlytics, but they can collect information through the SDK.
Information Protection Cromulent Labs makes reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and unauthorized modification, disclosure or destruction. However, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will be absolutely protected. For example, your personal information may be affected by actions beyond our control, such as computer "hacking" and physical theft. You acknowledge that the risk of providing your personal information is at your own risk.
Changes to this privacy policy We can change this privacy policy at any time. We will post all changes to this privacy policy on this page and display the effective date of the revised policy at the top of the page.
Home
Support information and Privacy policy
Support information content If you have any questions or suggestions about our application, please contact us: euol8738@163.com. Privacy pol...
Support information and Privacy policy
Support information content If you have any questions or suggestions about our application, please contact us: euol8738@163.com. Privacy pol...
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it