Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs how our app uses and protects any information you provide to us when using one of our applications. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide certain information that you can use when using this application, you can rest assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
1.
Collect
I
nformation
When you may collect your personal data and other information through an application or service, as described below:
Personal data that you provide through the App: When you voluntarily provide such information, we may collect your personal data, such as your name, age, address, etc.
By voluntarily providing us with personal data, you consent to our use of this data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unrecognizable or aggregated data: When you pass an application or service, we receive and store certain personally unrecognizable information. This information is collected passively using a variety of techniques and cannot be used to specifically identify you. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics to describe our services to current and potential business partners and other third parties for other legitimate purposes.
2.How to use information
We use your personal information to serve you.
Generate and view reports and data about our user base and service usage patterns.
Analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability or popularity of the service,
Improve the content and functionality of the service
Allow us to personalize what you see on the service.
Please note that if you choose not to provide us with certain personal information, we may not be able to provide you with services.
3.How to share your information
We only share your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy in order to provide and improve the Services, to facilitate the merger or sale of our business, or where required by law. As mentioned above, we will not record your browsing data. Here's how we share your information with you and why:
When you launch our app, we may also record your IP address, of course we will automatically delete the IP address after you disconnect.
Any potential or actual acquirer, heir or assignee, as any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, transfer, transfer or other disposition of all or any part of our business, assets or stocks (including bankruptcy or similar procedures) portion.
However, if required by law or in good faith, such behavior is appropriate, we may share personal information we have: (a) in accordance with applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) compliance with legal procedures; Respond to requests from public and government agencies, including public and government agencies outside your country of residence; (c) enforce our terms and conditions; (d) protect our business or the business of any of our affiliates; (e) protect us The rights, privacy, security or property, and/or the rights of our affiliates, you or others; (f) allow us to seek available remedies or limit the damages we may suffer.
We may use and disclose aggregated information that is not identified or otherwise relevant to individuals for any purpose, except as prohibited by applicable law.
4.Your rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal information we may collect about you. You have the right to:
(i) request access to and change or delete your personal information;
(ii) obtain restrictions or process your personal information;
(iii) request your personal information. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us at the email at the end of this Privacy Policy.
5.How to protect your information
a).Security.
To ensure the user experience, we continuously develop and implement management, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or loss, misuse or alteration.
b).Data retention.
We keep your data as long as your app is active or serving you as needed.
Please note that if you ask us to delete your personal data, we will retain your data in accordance with our legitimate business interests, such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreement.
6.How to store your information
We retain your information in order to provide services, internal analysis, or to comply with its legal obligations. The criteria used to determine retention include
(i) the amount of personal data required to provide services and operate the business;
(ii) the type of personal data collected;
(iii) Whether we are subject to legal, contractual or similar obligations to retain data (eg, mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data related to investigations, or data or disputes that must be retained for litigation purposes).
7.
P
rivacy
P
olicy
C
hanges
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do this, we will modify the update date at the bottom of this page. Users are encouraged to check this page frequently for any changes to stay informed about how we can help protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy and understand the changes on a regular basis.
8.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions please contact us at okju148@sina.com