Privacy Policy
Updated on February 18, 2025
Preamble
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how Share-A-Cart.com (or “we”) collects and
                processes information from members and users of the website, software applications, and all 
                other online services we provide. Share-A-Cart products include, but are not limited to,
Share-A-Cart
and
Share-A-Cart for Amazon / Walmart / AliExpress / Instacart
extension for web browsers, related Android and 
                iOS applications, the website located at share-a-cart.com and crtsh.net,
Share-A-Cart For Your Store
Shopify marketplace application, and
Share-A-Cart Classroom
Google Workspace addon (Collectively “Services”).
If we ever need additional personal information for a specific reason, we will tell you and ask
                for your permission. Also, to the extent that Share-A-Cart.com has links to other websites (such as
                retailers), please note that we do not own, operate, or control them, and they may have their
                own controlling privacy policies that you should review.
If you choose to use Share-A-Cart.com or our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of
                information in relation with this policy. We will not use or share your information with anyone 
                except as described in this Privacy Policy.
What data we collect and why
In order to provide our Services, Share-A-Cart.com collects information that you share directly
                with us. Though you don’t have to, you can choose to provide your email to set up an account with 
                us, which lets you create customized shopping lists, see a personalized recommendation feed, and
                more. You can also set up your profile with your name and other info for a more personalized
                experience.
Share-A-Cart.com also collects technical information about your device and use of
                Share-A-Cart.com and its Services to make sure that our Services are working correctly.
Share-A-Cart.com does not track your search engine history, emails, or your browsing on any site
                that is not a retail website (specifically Amazon, Walmart, AliExpress, and other online retailers 
                see
full list on this page
). When you are on a pre-approved retail site, to help you share your 
                shopping cart contents, Share-A-Cart.com will collect information about that site that lets us 
                know which items to process for you. We may also collect information about pricing and 
                availability of items, which we can share with the rest of the Share-A-Cart Services and community.
What Single Sign-On (SSO) data we use and why
In order to provide some of our Services, a Single Sign-On (SSO) identity service is relied upon such as Google OAuth, Microsoft AD, Twitter / X SSO, Sign in with Apple, etc. When using one of these SSO services, Share-A-Cart Services request originating service id, email address, name, and avatar picture. These are used to further enhance and personalize the appearance of the Share-A-Cart Services.
Email address may also be used in order to update the user on the status of their account, updates to their subscription services, or changes to this privacy policy.
What Google Classroom services we request and why
Share-A-Cart Classroom addon further requests the following scopes (permissions) from Google Workspace:
announcements
-- used to create and post announcements to the classroom
courses
-- used to allow for quick selection of the classes to announce a cart to
course roster
-- used to access enrolment information for the purposes of notifications
profile emails
-- used to allow the addon to send email notifications to the course students
guardian links
-- used to further allow for sending email notifications to the guardians (most often, parents)
Share-A-Cart Classroom addon will also request permission to use
gmail.send
permission to enable emailing the course carts to students or parents (guardians).
How we share your data
We know how important your personal data is to you, so we will never sell it. We’ll only share it
                with your consent or in ways you’d expect (as we explain here). That means we will share your
                data if needed to complete your purchase, with businesses who help us operate Share-A-Cart.com, 
                or if we are legally required to do so.
How we protect your data
The security of your information is important to us. We have put in place physical, electronic,
                and procedural safeguards. These measures include limiting access, using encryption, minimizing dataset, testing for
                vulnerabilities, advanced malware detection, and more.
Its important to note that we can’t guarantee that user information will not be accessed, viewed,
                disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of any of our safeguards. You provide
                us with information at your own risk.
Share-A-Cart.com only retains information about you as long as you keep using the Share-A-Cart.com
                Services. We’ll also keep information if we need it to meet our legal obligations and to defend
                against legal claims.
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
                commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
                the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
                its absolute security.
How we use cookies and similar technologies
Share-A-Cart.com uses cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other markers (commonly called
                “cookies”) to collect some of the data discussed in this Privacy Policy. These help us operate
                our Services, analyze engagement and usage, and provide a relevant and personalized experience.
Your choices for managing your data
Easiest way to opt out of Share-A-Cart.com service is to remove all of the Services.
If you want to stop using Share-A-Cart, you may follow instructions on how to uninstall the
                Extensions on
Chrome Support website
and if you have any issues you can contact our support team for
                assistance by sending an email to shareacart at gmail.
If you would like to delete your profile or personal information, you can always ask us by
                emailing shareacart at gmail. We will delete any personal information we have, though we may 
                still store some data in an aggregated and anonymized format that doesn’t identify you and 
                can’t be attributed to you.
Use by Minors
We created Share-A-Cart.com and its Services for the exclusive use of adults (18 and older). We
                don’t knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children. If you are a child 
                under 18, please do not attempt to register for our products or send any personal information
                to us.
Changes to this policy
We will continue to update our policies and practices as needed. We will notify you of any
                changes to our Privacy Policy by posting any changes here. If we do, you’ll see that the 
                date at the top has changed.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policies and practice, or our services, please 
                contact us at feedback@share-a-cart.com.