Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. JaiMeg, Inc. our subsidiaries and affiliates (“Truckxi.com” or “we”) are providing this notice to describe and explain our information collection practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect and How We Collect It
In general, you can visit this website and mobile app, and use associated Truckxi.com technologies, without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may gather information from you. Personal information like your name, corporation name, postal address, phone number, and e-mail address is obtained only when voluntarily submitted to become a member of Truckxi.com. Technical information, like details about your device and IP address, may be collected by virtue of your use of certain other Truckxi.com technologies. Truckxi.com collects this information in several ways:
Through the Truckxi.com Profile page (see below)
Through membership registration, surveys and other online forms (some of which may be managed by third parties on behalf of Truckxi.com)
Through the process of maintaining and upgrading our services solutions
Through automated means such as communications protocols, e-mail communications and cookies
Through our mobile applications (some of which may be managed by third parties on behalf of Truckxi.com)
Through payment process (such as financial account information used)
Through your use of social connectors and Truckxi.com affiliated social networking areas
Through your interest in Truckxi.com ads placed on third party sites
Through an ongoing sales process
Through providing customer support, consultation, live chat, or services solutions information
To provide you with timely, high-quality information, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your professional interests and experiences with our products or services. Providing us with this information is optional. Personal data or other data collected online may also be combined with information you provide to us through other sources such as membership registration, call centers, or in conjunction with events such as trade shows, training seminars and conferences. Information that you supply will relate to the relationship that Truckxi.com has with you or your organization.
Your Truckxi.com Profile
Your Truckxi.com profile is one collection point we use to manage your personal information. You can create, access, and update your profile information at any time by visiting https://www.truckxi.com/profile. Creating a Truckxi.com Profile enables you to:
Specify your preferences related to the communication between Truckxi.com and you
Gain access to restricted site contents
Access Truckxi.com statistical data and analytical reports
Access your unique business intelligence reports customized by Truckxi.com
View webcasts and other online events
Subscribe to Truckxi.com e-news which is delivered to your in-box and targeted to your needs and interests
Manage your subscriptions to print and online Truckxi.com publications
Receive e-mail alerts when key content goes live
Auto-populate form fields with personal information when you make online transactions or complete event registration forms
Web Server Logs
In the process of administering this site, we maintain and track usage through Web server logs. Web server logs provide information such as what types of browsers are accessing our site, what pages receive high traffic, what products, services and the times of day that our servers experience significant load. We use this information to improve the content and navigation features of our site. Anonymized or aggregated forms of this data may be used to identify future features and functions to develop for the site and to provide better customer services.
Cookies
Certain technologies, called “cookies,” can be used to provide tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which your browser may then store on your system. Some pages on our site use cookies that assist you in navigating and using the site, for example, to help you access secure areas or use a shopping cart. Truckxi.com may set these types of cookies without requesting your consent. Other pages on the site may set cookies to collect aggregate usage information that we use to improve how the site works. Cookies may also be used on our site to remember certain choices you make, such as your geographical region, your user name, or other personalization or customization. We use these cookies to improve your user experience so we can better serve you when you return to our site. Truckxi.com will consider your use of the Web site as your consent for Truckxi.com to set these types of cookies. Truckxi.com may work with selected third-party partners who set cookies to serve you Truckxi.com-related content, including Truckxi.com advertisements, on their sites or elsewhere on the Internet, based on your prior visits to our site. Truckxi.com also sets cookies that look at your preferences when you use the website so that Truckxi.com may offer you tailored marketing collateral that you may be interested in. You may need to enable use of these kinds of cookies via the mechanism provided by Truckxi.com for these cookies to work. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your system. For more information, please refer to user information provided with your Web browser. Please note that if you disable cookies, some site functionality may be limited.
Web Beacons
Some of our Web pages and HTML-formatted e-mail use Web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about website usage. A Web beacon is an electronic image, called a single-pixel (1×1) or clear GIF. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on a visitor’s computer, such as a visitor’s cookie number, time and date of a page view and a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed. You may render some Web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies.
Personalized URL Links and Personalized Message Content
Occasionally, we may create a unique web URL link for certain visitors. If you visit one of these sites, you may find forms that are already filled out with your name, or other types of information you have previously indicated an interest in, based on information you have given us before. We may also personalize the content of newsletters, e-mail offers, invitations, or Truckxi.com advertisements served to you on our third party partners’ websites, based on topics in which you have previously indicated an interest. We collect information about how you consume this type of personalized information in order to help us provide you with other information that is better tailored to your interests. If you choose to visit one of these personalized Web URL links, you are agreeing to allow Truckxi.com to collect information about your visits and also to associate that information with other information about you and your relationship with Truckxi.com. If you do not wish your information to be used in this way, do not accept the invitation to visit these sites.
Other Technologies
We may use other technologies to capture specific data, such as the pages you view, your past search preferences, the items you download, the links you click, your access times, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address, domain name, and system configurations and settings, to help us understand how you use Truckxi.com-affiliated technologies, serve you relevant content, customize or personalize you experiences on Truckxi.com, and to assist you with questions you may have regarding our products and services. If you decided that you want to fine-tune the information that Truckxi.com is providing to you, we invite you to update your Truckxi.com Profile.
How We Use Your Information
Truckxi.com may use your personal information to:
Further strengthen protections for our members on their business operations on Truckxi.com.
Fulfill membership subscription requests, orders for ecommerce and services made online and to provide you with other information you have requested
Make the website easier for you to use
Help us customize content most relevant to your interests
Notify you about important news concerning Truckxi.com
Notify you of new products and services, product updates, technical support issues, events and special offers we think you may be interested in
Promote our products and services on our website and third party partners’ websites
Prevent and detect fraud or other prohibited or illegal activity
Protect the security and integrity of the website
We do analyze some of our Web services such as registrations, business intelligence reports, downloads, and e-mail responses at the individual level in order to improve the quality of those offerings and to better tailor our marketing to our customers’ needs.
How We Share Your Information
We may share the personal data you provide with other Truckxi.com entities and/or business partners for purposes related to those described above. We will not sell, rent or lease to others your personally identifiable information. Truckxi.com reserves the right to disclose any and all pertinent information to law enforcement or other governmental officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
Choice/Opt-Out
Truckxi.com offers you the choice of receiving different types of communication and information related to our company, products and services. You may subscribe to e-newsletters or other publications; you may also elect to receive marketing communications and other special offers from us via e-mail. If at any time you would like to change your communication preferences, we provide unsubscribe links and an opt-out mechanism for your convenience. You may also access and manage your preferences from your Truckxi.com Profile page.
Our Commitment to Data Security
Truckxi.com is concerned about the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption technology when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes.
External Links
Links to third-party websites from this website are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this site. We have not reviewed these third-party sites and do not control them. Truckxi.com does not assume responsibility for any of these sites, their content, or their privacy policies. Truckxi.com does not endorse or make any representations about them or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this site, you do so at your own risk.
Changes to This Statement
If there are updates to the terms of Truckxi.com online Privacy Statement, we will post those changes here and update the revision date in this document so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. Your continued use of Truckxi.com website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Statement means you accept those changes.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using Truckxi.com website, you signify your assent to this Privacy Statement.
How to Contact Us
Should you have comments or questions about this Privacy Statement, you may e-mail us at:
info@truckxi.com
. You may also contact us via postal mail at the following address:
JaiMeg, Inc. DBA Truckxi.com
721 S Atlantic Blvd
Monterey Park, CA 91754
ATTN: Legal Division / Privacy Officer