Home
Privacy Policy
Owner and Data Controller
Pulcranet s.r.l.
Via Martiniana n. 325/b
42126 Modena
Italy
VAT Number: 03094930363
Paid up share capital: € 100.000,00
Chamber of Commerce of Modena
Owner contact email:
amministrazione@holyart.it
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Holyart collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      first name; last name; date of birth; email address; various types of Data; billing address; shipping address; Cookies; Usage Data; phone number; App Notifications; Data communicated while using the service.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Holyart.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Holyart is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Holyart to provide its services. In cases where Holyart specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by Holyart or by the owners of third-party services used by Holyart serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Holyart.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Holyart (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Registration and authentication, Handling payments, Analytics, Managing contacts and sending messages, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Advertising, Hosting and backend infrastructure and Interaction with live chat platforms.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Holyart, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers for identifying Users, behavioral retargeting i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, or to measure ads performance. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Google Ads conversion tracking (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on Holyart.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Criteo (Criteo SA)
Criteo is an advertising service provided by Criteo SA.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  France –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) is an analytics service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. that connects data from the Meta Audience Network with actions performed on Holyart. The Meta pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Meta Audience Network.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Direct Email Marketing (DEM) (Holyart)
Holyart uses the User Data to propose services and products provided by third parties or unrelated to the product or service provided by Holyart.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Holyart, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Handling payments
Payment processing services enable Holyart to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, Holyart shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.
PayPal (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc., which allows Users to make online payments.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  See the PayPal privacy policy –
Privacy Policy
.
Gestpay Banca Sella (Banca Sella S.p.A.)
Gestpay is a payment service provided by Banca Sella S.p.A.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Italy –
Privacy Policy
.
SOFORT (SOFORT GmbH)
SOFORT is a payment service provided by SOFORT GmbH.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Germany –
Privacy Policy
.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable Holyart to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of Holyart.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Interaction with live chat platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party live chat platforms directly from the pages of Holyart, for contacting and being contacted by Holyart support service.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be logged.
Zopim Widget (Zopim Technologies Pte Ltd)
The Zopim Widget is a service for interacting with the Zopim live chat platform provided by  Zopim Technologies Pte Ltd.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Data communicated while using the service; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Singapore –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
ContactLab Outbound (ContactLab S.p.A.)
ContactLab is an email address management and message sending service provided by ContactLab S.p.A.
Personal Data processed: App Notifications; email address; phone number.
Place of processing:  Italy –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow Holyart to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, Holyart will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Direct registration (Holyart)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to Holyart.
Personal Data processed: billing address; date of birth; email address; first name; last name; shipping address; various types of Data.
Facebook Authentication (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Google OAuth (Google Ireland Limited)
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Ireland Limited and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows Holyart and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of Holyart by the User.
This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general
.
Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of Holyart with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Google Ads Remarketing (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Ireland Limited that connects the activity of Holyart with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie.
Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting Google's
Ads Settings
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Criteo Dynamic Retargeting (Criteo SA)
Criteo Dynamic Retargeting is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Criteo SA., that connects the activity of Holyart with the Criteo advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  France –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by
  any of the services listed in this document,  Users may learn more on
  how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the
  dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Seeweb
Seeweb is a hosting and backend service provided by Seeweb S.r.l.
Place: Italy
Privacy Policy
Prudsys
Prudsys is an analysis and marketing automation service provided by prudsys AG.
[Place] Germany
Privacy Policy
Profiling
If the User consents to the profiling, the Owner may use the data provided during registration, or during the use of the Service, as well as Usage Data, to create databases containing profiles of Users.
The User profiles are created through the use of automated tools (mainly algorithms) and allow the Owner to analyze the preferences of the User and make predictions about his consumption choices in order to send commercial and / or promotional messages.
The User is invited to contact the Owner if he or she wishes to receive further information on the logics underlying the profiling adopted by the Owner. The User can always revoke consent to the profiling by intervening on the relevant settings of the Service, or by sending a notice to the contact details specified at the beginning of this document.
Mailing list or newsletter (Holyart)
By registering for the mailing list or newsletter, the User's email address is automatically included in a list of contacts to which email messages may be sent containing information, including commercial and promotional information, relating to Holyart and the products marketed on the platform. The User's email address may also be added to this list as a result of Holyart's registration or after making a purchase.
Personal Data collected: Last name, first name and email address.
Selling goods and services online
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by Holyart depends on the payment system used.
Cookie Policy
Holyart uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Holyart or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Holyart may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, Holyart and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Holyart (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Holyart and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Holyart (or third-party services employed in Holyart), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Holyart, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using Holyart who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Holyart. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Holyart.
Holyart (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Holyart as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
App Notifications
Send notifications.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to Holyart, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
http://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more
Sub-policy 4
https://www.paypal.com/privacy:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statements
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement.
16. Banking Regulations Notice for Users in the EEA and UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statements
Last updated on 15 April 2024
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
This Privacy Statement aims to provide you with sufficient information regarding our use of your Personal Data when you visit our website, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services”
)
, We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in Section 17 (“
Definitions
”) at the end of this statement.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the European Economic Area (EEA),
PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Any reference made to “we”, “ours”, “us”, “
PayPal
” or “
PayPal Companies
” included in this Privacy Statement means PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. and the group of companies which each directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or are under common ownership.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”)
3. Non-Account Holders
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal account or profile. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Services without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behavior patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (et. anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland, and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package
     Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable EU and Member State laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your Account and financial information up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by EU and Member State law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay without a PayPal account) or Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. such as Braintree) and to associate such transactions with your account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under EU and Member State laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other PayPal Companies
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
. The receiving PayPal company will process your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under EU and Member States’ law is legal obligation and where acting under non-EU and Member State law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identification verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our partners to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our partners to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your Account Settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your Account Settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an Account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your Account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With partners and merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, pay other Users, or return goods we may share information about you and your Account with the other parties involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. Please note that Personal Data shared with partners and merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the partners and merchants’ own privacy policy and procedures.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with EU and UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of your Personal Data within PayPal Companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). Other transfers are based on standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your information
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an Account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from Account Settings in the PayPal app. Even if you do not you have an Account (for example, where you use Payment without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information, for your Payment without a PayPal account transactions. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorized agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your Account Settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted online or by post at PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with
our lead supervisory authority for data protection
, Luxemburg National Commission for Data Protection (CNPD) by post at Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Donnees, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxembourg.
UK Representative can be contacted by post for any UK-specific data protection inquiries at Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under EU or Member State law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date.
16. Banking Regulations Notice for Users in the EEA and UK
In general, the Luxembourg laws to which PayPal’s handling of user data is subject (data protection and bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, PayPal has listed in this Privacy Statement the third party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your data, together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third parties
here
. By accepting this Privacy Statement and maintaining an account with PayPal, you expressly agree to the transfer of your data to those third parties for the purposes listed.
PayPal may update the list of third parties referred to above on the first business day of every quarter (January, April, July and October). PayPal will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this Privacy Statement. You should review the list each quarter on the PayPal website on the dates stated above. If you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our services.
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the PayPal Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the PayPal Services.
Specifically, you agree to and direct PayPal to do any and all of the following with your information:
a. Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations (including, without limitation, the Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider List
here
) and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about PayPal's obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note of the information we may disclose as result.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click
here
.
b. Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law of an EU member state they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used (for example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).
c. Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
d. Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
e. If you as a merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
f. Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed
here
. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each " Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
g. Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
h. Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
i. Share necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listed
here
) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay without a PayPal account means the same as in the
Terms for Payments without a PayPal account
.
PayPal Companies means companies that are owned and operated by PayPal, and process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. PayPal Companies include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet, and Braintree.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services means any PayPal branded or Unbranded Payment Services, Pay without a PayPal account, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to merchants using our card payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
If you are a
resident of the UK
, contact our representative at Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service
Sub-policy 5
https://www.sella.it/ita/info/privacy.jsp:
Premi Alt+1 per la modalità lettore dello schermo, Alt+0 per annullare
Guida all'accessibilità per lettori dello schermo, feedback e segnalazione dei problemi
Salta al contenuto
Home
Privacy
Privacy e Cookie
In questa sezione puoi gestire le tue preferenze sui Cookie
Modifica le preferenze
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Informativa Clienti ai sensi degli Artt. 13 e 14 del Regolamento UE 2016/679
Informativa sulla videosorveglianza
Informativa visitatori
Informativa sui Sistemi di Informazioni Creditizie (SIC)
Il Regolamento Europeo in materia di protezione dei dati personali (2016/679/UE), noto anche come GDPR, attribuisce una pluralità di diritti riguardanti il trattamento dei dati personali. In particolare, i soggetti interessati possono esercitare in qualsiasi momento i seguenti diritti:
diritto di accesso
: diritto di ottenere dal Titolare la conferma che sia o meno in corso un trattamento di dati personali e in tal caso, di ottenere l'accesso ai dati personali ed informazioni di dettaglio riguardo l'origine, le finalità, le categorie di dati trattati, destinatari di comunicazione e/o trasferimento dei dati ed altro ancora;
diritto di rettifica
: diritto di ottenere dal Titolare la rettifica dei dati personali inesatti senza ingiustificato ritardo, nonché l'integrazione dei dati personali incompleti, anche fornendo una dichiarazione integrativa;
diritto alla cancellazione ("oblio")
: diritto di ottenere dal Titolare la cancellazione dei dati personali senza ingiustificato ritardo nel caso in cui:
i dati personali non sono più necessari rispetto alle finalità del trattamento;
il consenso su cui si basa il trattamento è revocato e non sussiste altro fondamento giuridico per il trattamento;
i dati personali sono stati trattati illecitamente;
i dati personali devono essere cancellati per adempiere un obbligo legale;
diritto di limitazione di trattamento
: diritto di ottenere dal Titolare la limitazione del trattamento, nei casi in cui sia contestata l'esattezza dei dati personali (per il periodo necessario al Titolare per verificare l'esattezza di tali dati personali), se il trattamento è illecito e/o l'interessato si è opposto al trattamento;
diritto alla portabilità dei dati
: diritto di ricevere in un formato strutturato, di uso comune e leggibile da dispositivo automatico i dati personali e di trasmettere tali dati ad altro Titolare del trattamento, se tecnicamente fattibile, solo per i casi in cui il trattamento sia basato sul consenso o sul contratto e per i soli dati trattati tramite strumenti elettronici;
diritto di opposizione
: diritto di opporsi in qualsiasi momento al trattamento dei dati personali che hanno come base giuridica un interesse legittimo del Titolare e/o al trattamento per finalità di marketing, inclusa la profilazione. In caso di opposizione al trattamento per marketing, i dati personali non sono più oggetto di trattamento per tali finalità;
diritto di proporre un reclamo a un'Autorità di controllo
: fatto salvo ogni altro ricorso amministrativo o giurisdizionale, l'interessato che ritenga che il trattamento che lo riguarda violi il Regolamento ha il diritto di proporre reclamo all'Autorità di controllo dello Stato membro in cui risiede o lavora abitualmente, ovvero dello Stato in cui si è verificata la presunta violazione.
Al fine di esercitare tali diritti è possibile inviare una richiesta specifica ai contatti sotto riportati
. Per agevolare il Titolare nella gestione della richiesta, è possibile anche utilizzare l'apposito
modulo
(disponibile sul sito dell'Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali), allegando copia di un documento di riconoscimento in corso di validità .
In mancanza dei dati indispensabili per poter trattare la richiesta, quest'ultima non potrà essere gestita.
Per l'esercizio dei diritti e per ottenere maggiori informazioni sul trattamento dei dati personali, è possibile inviare una richiesta al Titolare del trattamento ai seguenti contatti
:
indirizzo postale di Banca Sella S.p.A.: Piazza Gaudenzio Sella n. 1, 13900, Biella (BI);
indirizzo e-mail:
dpo@sella.it
;
privacy@sella.it
;
privacy@pec.sella.it
.
Il Titolare del trattamento fornirà riscontro alle richieste ricevute senza ingiustificato ritardo e al più tardi entro un mese dal ricevimento delle stesse.
Autorità Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
: Autorità amministrativa indipendente istituita dalla legge n. 675 del 31 dicembre 1996 preposta alla vigilanza sul rispetto della normativa sulla protezione dei dati.
Dati personali
: ai sensi dell'art. 4, comma 1, n.1 del Regolamento, si tratti di "qualsiasi informazione riguardante una persona fisica identificata o identificabile («interessato»); si considera identificabile la persona fisica che può essere identificata, direttamente o indirettamente, con particolare riferimento a un identificativo come il nome, un numero di identificazione, dati relativi all'ubicazione, un identificativo online o a uno o più elementi caratteristici della sua identità fisica, fisiologica, genetica, psichica, economica, culturale o sociale."
Profilazione
: ai sensi dell'art. 4, comma 1, n. 4 del Regolamento, si tratta di "qualsiasi forma di trattamento automatizzato di dati personali consistente nell'utilizzo di tali dati personali per valutare determinati aspetti personali relativi a una persona fisica, in particolare per analizzare o prevedere aspetti riguardanti il rendimento professionale, la situazione economica, la salute, le preferenze personali, gli interessi, l'affidabilità, il comportamento, l'ubicazione o gli spostamenti di detta persona fisica."
Regolamento
: il Regolamento UE 2016/679 del 27 aprile 2016, relativo alla protezione delle persone fisiche con riguardo al trattamento dei dati personali, nonché alla libera circolazione di tali dati e che abroga la Direttiva 95/46/CE.
Responsabile del trattamento: ai sensi dell'art. 4, comma 1, n. 8 del Regolamento, si tratta della "persona fisica o giuridica, l'autorità pubblica, il servizio o altro organismo che tratta dati personali per conto del titolare del trattamento."
Responsabile della protezione dei dati (RPD) o Data Protection Officer (DPO)
: figura introdotta dal Regolamento, avente tra i principali compiti quello di informare e fornire consulenza al Titolare, Responsabili e Incaricati in merito alla protezione dei dati; sorvegliare l'osservanza del Regolamento; fornire pareri in merito alla valutazione d'impatto sulla protezione dei dati; cooperare con l'autorità di controllo.
Titolare del trattamento
: ai sensi dell'art. 4, comma 1, n. 7 del Regolamento, si tratta della "persona fisica o giuridica, l'autorità pubblica, il servizio o altro organismo che, singolarmente o insieme ad altri, determina le finalità e i mezzi del trattamento di dati personali."
Trattamento di dati personali
: ai sensi dell'art. 4, comma 1, n. 2 del Regolamento, si tratta di "qualsiasi operazione o insieme di operazioni, compiute con o senza l'ausilio di processi automatizzati e applicate a dati personali o insiemi di dati personali, come la raccolta, la registrazione, l'organizzazione, la strutturazione, la conservazione, l'adattamento o la modifica, l'estrazione, la consultazione, l'uso, la comunicazione mediante trasmissione, diffusione o qualsiasi altra forma di messa a disposizione, il raffronto o l'interconnessione, la limitazione, la cancellazione o la distruzione."
Nascosta
Codice Cliente
                            o username
PIN o
                            password
Errore durante l'accesso.
Verifica le credenziali inserite e riprova
Accedi
Non hai ancora i codici di attivazione?
Richiedili ora
Inserisci i tuoi codici di accesso Banca Sella per proseguire con la richiesta online
Prosegui
Sei già nostro Cliente?
Accedi con i tuoi codici per
procedere con la richiesta.
Accedi
Non sei ancora nostro Cliente?
Nessun problema, puoi comunque
richiedere l'attivazione del servizio.
Continua
Per una migliore esperienza d'uso ti consigliamo di utilizzare l'app
                        Sella. In alternativa puoi proseguire con la versione mobile del servizio di Internet Banking.
Consigli utili per la sicurezza online
Ricorda che non ti contatteremo mai per chiedere informazioni sensibili al telefono, tramite
                            email o sms, quali i tuoi codici personali di accesso (PIN, password, codici di conferma) o
                            i numeri delle tue carte.
Apri l'app per Android
Apri l'app per iOS
Prosegui su versione mobile
Assistenza tramite chat
Sei in possesso dei codici di accesso ai servizi online?
SI
NO
Potrebbero esserti utili le seguenti indicazioni
cosa fare
se
                                non ricordi i tuoi codici di accesso
come contattare l'assistenza Clienti
in caso di problemi con il PIN
per altri problemi di accesso
entra in Chat
Seleziona le preferenze relative ai Cookie presenti su questo sito
Banca Sella S.p.A., Titolare del trattamento, utilizza sul proprio sito Cookie Tecnici, Analitici, di Profilazione e Marketing di prima e di Terze Parti (impostati da un sito diverso da quello visitato) per migliorare e personalizzare la tua esperienza di navigazione. 
I
Cookie Tecnici
sono necessari per fornirti il servizio richiesto e garantirti la corretta fruizione e navigazione del sito. I
Cookie Analitici
, sono utilizzati unicamente in forma aggregata e anonima per ottenere dati statistici in merito alle visite al nostro sito. Per i Cookie Tecnici e Analitici non è necessario acquisire il tuo consenso.I
Cookie di Marketing e Profilazione
sono utilizzati per inviarti, previo consenso specifico, comunicazioni pubblicitarie personalizzate al fine di fornirti prodotti e servizi in linea alle preferenze rilevate attraverso la tua navigazione.

Cliccando su
“Accetta tutti i Cookie”
accetterai tutti i Cookie sopra indicati. Puoi personalizzare le tue preferenze cliccando su
“Modifica le preferenze”
. Ciccando su
"Accetta solo i Cookie necessari"
, in alto a destra, potrai continuare la tua navigazione in assenza di Cookie di Marketing e Profilazione. Alla sezione “Privacy e Cookie” del sito potrai in qualsiasi momento modificare i consensi rilasciati e consultare la
Cookie Policy
.
Modifica le preferenze
Accetta tutti i Cookie
Accetta solo i Cookie necessari
Gestione cookie
Banca Sella S.p.A., Titolare del trattamento, utilizza sul proprio sito Cookie Tecnici, Analitici, di Profilazione e Marketing di prima e di Terze Parti (impostati da un sito diverso da quello visitato) per migliorare e personalizzare la tua esperienza di navigazione. 
I
Cookie Tecnici
sono necessari per fornirti il servizio richiesto e garantirti la corretta fruizione e navigazione del sito. I
Cookie Analitici
, sono utilizzati unicamente in forma aggregata e anonima per ottenere dati statistici in merito alle visite al nostro sito. Per i Cookie Tecnici e Analitici non è necessario acquisire il tuo consenso.I
Cookie di Marketing e Profilazione
sono utilizzati per inviarti, previo consenso specifico, comunicazioni pubblicitarie personalizzate al fine di fornirti prodotti e servizi in linea alle preferenze rilevate attraverso la tua navigazione.

Cliccando su "
Accetta solo i Cookie necessari
" potrai continuare la tua navigazione in assenza di Cookie di Marketing e Profilazione. Cliccando su "
Conferma le preferenze selezionate
" confermerai i Cookie da te selezionati. Per maggiori informazioni, consulta la
Cookie Policy
.
Personalizza i tuoi cookie
Sempre attivi
Necessari per il funzionamento del sito e non disattivabili nei nostri sistemi. Solitamente i cookie tecnici strettamente necessari vengono attivati solo in risposta alle azioni effettuate in caso di richiesta di servizi (es. impostazione delle preferenze di privacy, accesso ai servizi o compilazione dei moduli, impostazione della lingua). Inoltre, il Sito utilizza cookie tecnici strettamente necessari con finalità di prevenzione frodi.
Sempre attivi
Utilizzati unicamente in forma aggregata e anonima per ottenere dati statistici in merito alle visite al nostro sito. In particolare, l’indirizzo IP raccolto tramite questi Cookie viene opportunamente anonimizzato, in modo da escluderne la riconducibilità al singolo utente. Questi tipi di Cookie sono equiparabili ai Cookie tecnici e pertanto non è necessario il previo consenso da parte dell’utente.
Cookie di Marketing e Profilazione
I Cookie di Marketing e Profilazione possono essere tracciati solo in seguito al consenso dell'utente. Tali Cookie ci permettono di ottimizzare il sito in modo da migliorare e personalizzare le informazioni di natura commerciale in base agli interessi dei singoli utenti.
Attraverso questo Sito vengono installati anche
Cookie gestiti da Terze Parti
, che agiscono in qualità di autonomi Titolari del trattamento. È possibile prestare o negare il proprio consenso ad uno o più Cookie di profilazione di Terza Parte, accedendo alla
Cookie Policy della Terza Parte
interessata, tramite gli appositi
link
.
Back Button
Elenco dei cookie
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Feedback
Sub-policy 6
https://www.sofort.com/eng-INT/privacy-policy/:
Für Shopper
Für Händler
Sofort Klarna Logo
Sofortüberweisung ist jetzt Klarna
Bezahle per Sofortüberweisung mit der Zahlungsmethode, die du kennst – sicherer und einfacher als je zuvor.
Jetzt anmelden
Sind Sie ein Händler? Hier erfahren Sie
mehr
.
Bezahle mit Vertrauen
Der Komfort und die Benutzerfreundlichkeit, die du von Sofortüberweisung kennst, werden nahtlos in Klarna’s Bezahlprozess vereint.
Schnellere Checkouts
Mit Klarna gehen Bezahlungen noch schneller. Melde dich einmal an und zahle sicher mit wenigen Klicks, ohne deine Bankdaten jedes Mal erneut eingeben zu müssen.
Das Extra an Sicherheit
Die hochmodernen Sicherheitsstandards von Klarna schützen deine Transaktionen und Daten, wodurch das Betrugsrisiko reduziert wird. Dank dem Klarna Käuferschutz sind deine Bestellungen ebenfalls geschützt, damit du dich ganz entspannt zurücklehnen kannst.*
*Es gelten Ausnahmen. Erfahre mehr unter
https://www.klarna.com/de/kaeuferschutzrichtlinie/.
Wähle „Sofort bezahlen mit Klarna“ am Checkout
Klicke auf den pinken Button und wähle Sofortüberweisung, um schnell und einfach in deinen Lieblingsshops online zu bezahlen.
Speichere Daten auf deinem Gerät
Wähle bei deiner nächsten Bestellung die Option Daten auf diesem Gerät merken, um künftige Checkout-Prozesse in Sekundenschnelle abzuschließen.
Sicherheit geht vor
Bestätige die Transaktion wie gewohnt sicher bei deiner Bank mit Gesichts- oder Fingerabdruckerkennung.
Deine Sicherheit steht an erster Stelle
Mit Klarna profitierst du von hochmoderner Sicherheit und dem Klarna Käuferschutz. Unsere Systeme überwachen Transaktionen rund um die Uhr, um deine Online-Einkäufe zu sichern. Shoppe mit Vertrauen – Klarna gewährleistet deine finanzielle Sicherheit und den Schutz deiner Daten.
Mehr erfahren
Sofort bezahlen
In bis zu 30 Tagen bezahlen
3 zinsfreie Teilzahlungen
Ratenzahlung
Sofort bezahlen
Bezahle deine Bestellungen per Sofortüberweisung, Lastschrift oder Kreditkarte – alles in Sekundenschnelle.
In bis zu 30 Tagen bezahlen
Shoppe heute und bezahle in bis zu 30 Tagen.
3 zinsfreie Teilzahlungen
Verteile die Kosten auf 3 zinsfreie Teilzahlungen. Deine Zahlungen werden am Tag der Bestellung, in 30 und 60 Tagen abgebucht.
Ratenzahlung
Du brauchst mehr Zeit zum Bezahlen eines größeren Kaufs? Dann zahle flexibel in Raten über einen Zeitraum zwischen 6 und 36 Monaten (Zinsen können anfallen).
Alles in einer App
Nutze die Klarna App, um deine Transaktionen zu verfolgen und deine Einkäufe zu bezahlen, ohne deine Bankdaten erneut eingeben zu müssen. Außerdem kannst du Retouren verwalten und auf den Kundensupport zugreifen – alles an einem Ort. Du shoppst lieber ohne App? Kein Problem. Dieselben Funktionen stehen dir natürlich auch über deinen Web-Account zur Verfügung.
Hol dir die Klarna App
Mehr erfahren
Hol dir die Klarna App
Mehr erfahren
Wie unterscheidet sich der neue Bezahlprozess von Sofortüberweisung?
Du kannst mit Klarna nach wie vor per Sofortüberweisung bezahlen. Wähle einfach
Sofort bezahlen
aus und befolge die Schritte, um dich mit deiner Bank zu verbinden und die Zahlung abzuschließen. Die wichtigste Änderung ist, dass du jetzt einen Klarna Account benötigst, um Sofortüberweisung nutzen zu können. Dadurch sind Transaktionen nicht nur in Sekundenschnelle erledigt, sondern profitieren noch dazu von einem Extra an Sicherheit.
Welche Informationen benötige ich, um per Sofortüberweisung mit Klarna zu bezahlen?
Um per Sofortüberweisung zu bezahlen, benötigst du folgende Informationen: Name oder Code deiner Bank, Kontonummer und Zugangsdaten für dein Online-Banking (Hinweis: Dazu gehört nicht die 4-stellige PIN deiner Debitkarte).
Zahlungen werden in der Regel mit einer TAN (Transaktionsnummer) autorisiert, die von deiner Bank bereitgestellt wird. Dies kann in Form einer TAN-Liste (Papierform), per SMS (mTAN) oder mit einem TAN-Generator erfolgen. Achte darauf, dass du je nach Methode deiner Bank die notwendigen Informationen oder Geräte (z. B. Handy oder TAN-Generator) zur Hand hast.
Warum braucht Klarna meine Daten?
Da Sofort Teil von Klarna ist, benötigst du einen Klarna Account, um per Sofortüberweisung bezahlen zu können. Ein Klarna Account gewährleistet eine reibungslose und sichere Zahlungsabwicklung und ein besseres Benutzererlebnis. Um einen Klarna Account einzurichten, wirst du möglicherweise aufgefordert, deinen Namen, dein Geburtsdatum, deine Adresse, deine Telefonnummer und deine E-Mail-Adresse anzugeben.
Wir benötigen diese Informationen, um der zweiten EU-Richtlinie über Zahlungsdienste (PSD2) zu entsprechen, die Online-Zahlungen durch ein strengeres Verfahren zur Kundenauthentifizierung (SCA) sicherer macht. Wir werden dich möglicherweise bitten, deine Daten zu verifizieren, zum Beispiel mit einem Verifizierungscode. So können wir sicherstellen, dass deine Informationen und Einkäufe, die mit deiner E-Mail-Adresse verknüpft sind, sicher übertragen werden. Weitere Informationen findest du
hier
.
Sind mein Geld und meine Daten sicher, wenn ich mit Klarna bezahle?
Ja, bei Klarna sind deine Daten rund um die Uhr durch Überwachung, Verschlüsselung und Identitätsprüfung vor Betrug geschützt. Du musst deine personenbezogenen Daten nicht an einzelne Händler weitergeben und Klarna gibt deine Zahlung erst nach Erhalt deiner Bestellung frei. So hast du die Gewissheit, dass dein Geld und deine Daten bei jedem Schritt des Einkaufs sicher sind. Weitere Informationen findest du
hier
.
Wird der Kaufbetrag direkt an den Händler überwiesen?
Ja, wenn du mit Klarna per Sofortüberweisung bezahlst, wird der Kaufbetrag innerhalb weniger Augenblicke von deinem Bankkonto direkt auf das Konto des Händlers überwiesen.
Fallen Gebühren für mich an?
Für die Zahlungsmethoden
Sofort bezahlen
oder
Sofortüberweisung
erhebt Klarna keine Zinsen oder Gebühren.
Kann ich von jedem Bankkonto aus Überweisungen tätigen?
Grundsätzlich kannst du Zahlungen per Sofortüberweisung mit jedem onlinefähigen Girokonto nutzen. Du kannst deine Bank direkt in unserem Zahlungsformular suchen. Bitte beachte, dass die Zahlung per Banküberweisung nur mit deinem Girokonto möglich ist. Mit Spar-, Anlage- oder Finanzierungskonten ist diese Zahlungsmethode nicht kompatibel.
Was ist Käuferschutz und wann habe ich Anspruch darauf?
Wenn du online mit Klarna bezahlst, die Ware aber nicht oder nicht wie bestellt erhältst, hast du möglicherweise Anspruch auf eine Rückerstattung deiner Bestellung im Rahmen der Klarna Käuferschutzrichtlinie. Klarna wird anhand der Anspruchsvoraussetzungen und der von dir zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen prüfen, ob du Anspruch auf eine Rückerstattung hast. Weitere Informationen und Details zu anspruchsberechtigten Einkäufen findest du
hier
.
Wen kann ich bei Problemen mit der Lieferung, Retouren, Stornierungen oder Rückerstattungen kontaktieren?
Wenn du Fragen zu deiner Bestellung, Lieferung, Retoure oder Stornierung hast, wende dich bitte an den Händler oder den Anbieter, bei dem du geshoppt hast. Dieser ist für die Bearbeitung von Rückerstattungen und alle Fragen rund um deine Bestellung verantwortlich.
Wie kann ich den Kundenservice kontaktieren?
Bei Fragen rund um Klarna erhältst du am schnellsten Hilfe, indem du den Klarna Kundenservice direkt in der App per Chat kontaktierst. Alternativ kannst du das
Klarna Hilfe-Center
besuchen, um dir häufig gestellte Fragen anzusehen oder um den Support zu kontaktieren.
Wenn du nach einem Kauf eine E-Mail mit dem Betreff „Transaktionsbestätigung für Sofortüberweisung” erhalten hast, dein Einkauf aber nicht in der Klarna App angezeigt wird, wende dich bitte stattdessen an das Team unter support@sofort.com.
Ich bin mit Sofortüberweisung unzufrieden, wie kann ich vorgehen?
Unsere Kund:innen sind uns wichtig und jede:r hat das Recht, guten Service zu erwarten und Hilfe zu bekommen, wenn etwas schiefläuft.
Wenn etwas nicht wie erwartet klappt, zögere nicht, dich mit unserem Kundenservice in Verbindung zu setzen. Das Team wird dann mit dir zusammenarbeiten, um eine Lösung zu finden. Solltest du nach der Kontaktaufnahme mit unserem Kundenservice weiterhin unzufrieden sein, beschreiben die folgenden Schritte unser Beschwerdeverfahren und was du im Falle einer Beschwerde tun kannst.
Reiche eine Beschwerde ein:
Wenn dein Kauf in deinem Klarna Account sichtbar ist, folge bitte dem Beschwerdeverfahren
hier
. Sollte diese nicht in der App erscheinen, kannst du deine Beschwerde per E-Mail an
beschwerde@sofort.com
senden. Bitte nenne uns die folgenden Informationen, damit wir deine Beschwerde schneller bearbeiten können:
Vorname
Nachname
Transaktions-ID
IBAN
Betrag
Händler
Verwendungszweck
Nachricht
Wenn du uns diese Daten nicht mitteilst, können wir den Vorgang leider nicht bearbeiten und müssen deine Anfrage möglicherweise schließen.
Bitte beachte, dass du dich direkt an den Händler wenden solltest, wenn deine Beschwerde den Service des Händlers betrifft.
Wir bearbeiten alle Beschwerden so schnell und effizient wie möglich. Wir bemühen uns, das Problem beim ersten Kontakt mit dir zu lösen. Sollte dies nicht möglich sein, halten wir dich während der Bearbeitung auf dem Laufenden. Unser Ziel ist es, deine Beschwerde so schnell wie möglich zu bearbeiten und eine Lösung zu finden.
Sofortüberweisung mit Klarna
Alles, was du von Sofort kennst und liebst, ist jetzt Teil von Klarna.
Einfach, sicher, vertraut.
Jetzt anmelden
Sub-policy 7
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Security, Identity, and Compliance
›
Compliance
›
Data Privacy
Data Privacy FAQs
At AWS, customer trust is our top priority.
Maintaining customer trust is an ongoing commitment. AWS continually monitors the evolving privacy regulatory and legislative landscape to identify changes and determine what tools our customers might need to meet their compliance goals. We strive to inform you of the privacy and data security policies, practices, and technologies we’ve put in place.
Page topics
Commitments
4
Data Privacy FAQs
11
Commitments
As a customer, you maintain full control of your content that you upload to the AWS services under your AWS account, and responsibility for configuring access to AWS services and resources. We provide an advanced set of access, encryption, and logging features to help you do this effectively (e.g.,
AWS Identity and Access Management
,
AWS Organizations
and
AWS CloudTrail
). We also provide APIs for you to configure access control permissions for any of the services you develop or deploy in an AWS environment. We do not access or use your content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use your content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising purposes.
You choose the AWS Region(s) in which your content is stored. You can replicate and back up your content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s) without your agreement.
You choose how your content is secured. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys. These data protection features include:
Data encryption capabilities available in over 100 AWS services
.
Flexible key management options using AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
, allowing customers to choose whether to have AWS manage their encryption keys or keep complete control over their keys.
Securityassurance program, using best practices for security and data protection to help you operate securely within AWS, and to make the best use of our security control environment. These security protections and control processes are independently validated by
multiple third-party independent assessments
.
We will not disclose customer content (see How does AWS classify customer information? below) unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a government body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for your customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from you. If compelled to disclose your customer content to a government body, we will give you reasonable notice of the demand to allow you to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so.
We define customer content as software (including machine images), data, text, audio, video, or images that a customer or any end user transfers to us for processing, storage, or hosting by AWS services in connection with a customer's account, and any computational results that a customer or their end user derives from the foregoing through their use of AWS services. For example, customer content includes content that a customer or their end user stores in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). Customer content does not include account information, which we describe below. Customer content also does not include information included in resource identifiers, metadata tags, access controls, rules, usage policies, permissions, and similar items related to the management of AWS resources. AWS recommends that you do not include personally identifying, confidential, or sensitive information in these items. The terms of the
AWS Customer Agreement
and the
AWS Service Terms
apply to your customer content.
We define account information as information about a customer that a customer provides to us in connection with the creation or administration of a customer account. For example, account information includes names, usernames, phone numbers, email addresses, and billing information associated with a customer account. The information practices described in the
AWS Privacy Notice
apply to account information.
As a customer, you own your customer content, and you select which AWS services can process, store, and host your customer content. We do not access or use your customer content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use customer content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising.
As a customer, you control your content:
You determine the geographic region where your customer content will be stored and the type of storage.
You choose the secured state of your customer content. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys.
You manage access to your customer content, and access to AWS services and resources through users, groups, permissions, and credentials that you control.
The
AWS Privacy Notice
describes how we collect and use account information.
AWS uses that information to provide the AWS services, and to protect and improve the customer experience. For example, AWS uses resource identifiers to help customers generate cost and usage reports, which can be used to break down AWS spend by cost center, and IAM permissions to determine whether a specific user can purchase reserved instances. When customers contact AWS for technical assistance, AWS may also analyze resource identifiers and permissions to help resolve their issues.
We are vigilant about our customers' privacy. We will not disclose customer content unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a governmental body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from the customer. Governmental and regulatory bodies need to follow the applicable legal process to obtain valid and binding orders. We review all orders and object to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate ones. If compelled to disclose customer content to a government body, we will give customers reasonable notice of the demand to allow the customer to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so. It is also important to point out that our customers can encrypt their customer content, and we provide customers with the option to manage their own encryption keys.
We know that transparency matters to our customers, so we regularly publish a report about the types and volume of information requests we receive on the
Amazon Information Requests
webpage.
The
AWS Global Infrastructure
gives you the flexibility to choose where and how you want to run your workloads using the same network, control plane, APIs, and AWS services. If you would like to run your applications globally you can choose from any of the AWS Regions and Availability Zones. As a customer, you choose the AWS Region(s) in which your customer content is stored, allowing you to deploy AWS services in the location(s) of your choice, in accordance with your specific geographic requirements. For example, if an AWS customer in Australia wants to store their data only in Australia, they can choose to deploy their AWS services exclusively in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) AWS Region. If you want to discover other flexible storage options see the
AWS Regions
webpage.
You can also replicate and back up your customer content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s), except as necessary to provide the services you initiated, or as necessary to comply with the law or a binding order of a governmental body. However, it is important to note that some AWS services may not be available in all AWS Regions. For more information about which services are available in which AWS Regions, see the
AWS Regional Services
webpage.
When evaluating the security of a cloud solution, it is important for you to understand and distinguish between the security of the cloud, and your security in the cloud. Security of the cloud encompasses the security measures that AWS implements and operates. We are responsible for security of the cloud. Security in the cloud encompasses the security measures that you implement and operate, related to the AWS services you use. You are responsible for your security in the cloud. For more information, see the
AWS Shared Responsibility
webpage.
At AWS, our highest priority is securing our customers’ data, and we implement rigorous contractual, technical, and organizational measures to protect data confidentiality, integrity, and availability regardless of which AWS Region a customer has selected.
AWS complies with ISO 27018, a code of practice that focuses on protection of personal data in the cloud. It extends ISO information security standard 27001 to cover the regulatory requirements for the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) or personal data for the public cloud computing environment and specifies implementation guidance based on ISO 27002 controls that is applicable to PII processed by public cloud service providers. For more information, or to view the AWS ISO 27018 Certification, see the
AWS ISO 27018 Compliance
webpage.
Additionally, AWS publishes a SOC 2 Type II Privacy report, based on the SOC 2 Privacy Trust Criteria developed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA), which establishes criteria for evaluating controls related to how personal data is collected, used, retained, disclosed, and disposed to meet the entity’s objectives. The AWS SOC 2 Type II Privacy report provides third-party attestation of our systems and the suitability of the design of our privacy controls. The scope of the privacy report includes information about how we handle the content that you upload to AWS and how it is protected in all of the services and locations that are in scope for the latest
AWS SOC reports
. The SOC 2 Type II Privacy report can be downloaded through
AWS Artifact
in the
AWS Management Console
.
We recommend that customers with questions regarding AWS and data protection contact their AWS account manager. If customers have signed up for Enterprise Support, they can also reach out to their Technical Account Manager (TAM) for support. AWS account managers and TAMs work with Solutions Architects to help customers meet their compliance needs. AWS can’t provide legal advice to customers, and we recommend that customers consult their legal counsel if they have legal questions regarding data protection.
We also have teams of Enterprise Support Representatives, Professional Services Consultants, and other staff to help with privacy questions. You can contact us with questions
here
.
From beginners to experts, we've got digital training courses to fit every skill level.
Explore AWS Skill Builder
»
Have Questions? Connect with an AWS Business Representative
Contact Us
Exploring compliance roles?
Apply today »
Want AWS Compliance updates?
Follow us on Twitter »
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Cryptographic Computing
Culture of Security
Open Source Security
Post-Quantum Cryptography
Provable Security
Ransomware Protection
Zero Trust
Close
Cloud Audit Academy
Compliance Overview
Compliance Programs
Services in Scope
Shared Responsibility Model
Close
Data Protection
Data Privacy Center
Digital Sovereignty
Close
AWS Marketplace
Digital Sovereignty Competency
MSSP
MSSP Competency
Partner Resources
Security Competency
Close
Confidential Computing
Customer Success Stories
Security Best Practices
Security Bulletins
Security Content
Security Learning
Sub-policy 8
https://www.zopim.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
Feature Deprecation Policy
US Addendum
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial Terms
Free Trials
Sub-policy 9
http://www.contactlab.com/it/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Informativa sul trattamento dei dati personali
Introduzione
La tutela dei dati personali è un valore fondamentale della nostra attività di impresa. A partire da questa pagina ti forniamo le informazioni che possono aiutarti a comprendere come tuteliamo la tua privacy e a controllare l’uso che viene fatto dei tuoi dati.
Questa informativa riguarda il trattamento dei tuoi dati personali fatto:
tramite il nostro sito web
contactlab.com
(il “Sito”)
Oppure altrimenti fatto:
in relazione all’acquisto e all’utilizzo di nostri prodotti e servizi, o quando ci contatti per chiedere informazioni (anche nell’ambito di promozioni,
demo e trial
Demo e trial sono delle versioni di prova create appositamente per testare determinate funzionalità o prodotti digitali
)
Trattiamo i tuoi dati in conformità al Regolamento (UE) n. 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation, “GDPR”) e ti forniamo questa informativa in base a quanto stabilito dagli articoli 13 e 14 del GDPR.
In questa informativa ti indichiamo in maniera semplice e dettagliata:
Chi siamo e come contattarci;
Quali dati personali trattiamo;
Per quali scopi raccogliamo i tuoi dati e per quanto tempo li conserviamo;
Con chi condividiamo i tuoi dati;
Come trattiamo i tuoi dati;
Quali sono i tuoi diritti e come puoi esercitarli.
Modifiche e aggiornamenti
Contatti Privacy
Glossario Articoli citati
Chi siamo e come contattarci
In questa sezione ti indichiamo i soggetti a cui fare riferimento per l’esercizio dei tuoi diritti:
Titolare del trattamento
Responsabile della protezione dei dati
Titolare del trattamento
È il soggetto che decide perché e come vengono trattati i tuoi dati personali e predispone le misure organizzative di sicurezza per proteggere la tua privacy.
Il titolare del trattamento è Contactlab S.r.l. contattabile a:
Titolare del trattamento
Contactlab S.r.l.
Via Emilio Cornalia, 11 – 20124 Milano
privacy@contactlab.com
Ricordati di includere il tuo nome, email/indirizzo postale e/o numero/i di telefono per fare in modo che la tua richiesta possa essere gestita correttamente.
Responsabile della protezione dati
Contactlab ha nominato un Responsabile della Protezione dei Dati (DPO): è la figura incaricata di sorvegliare che sia osservata la normativa in materia di trattamento dei dati personali e di rispondere alle tue richieste di chiarimento su come trattiamo i tuoi dati.
Il DPO è anche la figura incaricata dal gruppo di rispondere alle tue richieste per l’esercizio del diritto di accesso e degli altri diritti previsti dal GDPR. Puoi contattarlo scrivendogli presso la sede di Contactlab o all’indirizzo email indicato:
Responsabile della protezione dati
Contactlab S.r.l.
Via Emilio Cornalia, 11 – 20124 Milano
EMAIL:
dpo@contactlab.com
Ricordati di includere il tuo nome, email/indirizzo postale e/o numero/i di telefono per fare in modo che la tua richiesta possa essere gestita correttamente.
Quali dati personali trattiamo
Un dato personale è qualsiasi informazione con la quale è possibile identificarti, direttamente o indirettamente.
Raccogliamo e utilizziamo i tuoi dati personali per poter concludere ed eseguire il tuo contratto con
Contactlab e quando visiti, consulti, richiedi o utilizzi i servizi e/o i prodotti di
Contactlab (inclusi quelli disponibili su questo Sito).
In alcuni casi possiamo raccogliere i tuoi dati personali anche da altre società del gruppo TeamSystem al quale
Contactlab appartiene o da banche dati pubbliche.
Tipologie di dati che raccogliamo:
Dati identificativi di contatto e accesso
Come nome, cognome, username, indirizzo email, indirizzo postale, numero di telefono, user e password, eventuale immagine di profilo se l’hai impostata.
Dati di prodotto
Come i dati relativi ai prodotti forniti a te in licenza e/o ai servizi da te sottoscritti, comprese le informazioni contenute nei documenti gestiti attraverso il prodotto o il servizio fornito.
Dati di fatturazione e di pagamento
Come l’eventuale Partita IVA, codice fiscale, indirizzo, ed eventualmente la ragione sociale.
Dati di Navigazione
Come i dati relativi alla connessione,
indirizzo IP
L’indirizzo IP è l’equivalente dell’indirizzo postale però relativo al tuo dispositivo (pc, cellulare, tablet). Quindi un indirizzo univoco che identifica un dispositivo univoco
, nomi a dominio ed altri parametri relativi al browser e al sistema operativo da te utilizzato.
Dati di Utilizzo
Ossia le informazioni generate nel contesto dell’uso dei prodotti o dei servizi da te acquistati, sia in modalità “on premises” (cioè nel caso di prodotto installato su tuoi sistemi o macchine) sia in modalità “in cloud” (cioè mentre usi online i servizi di Contactlab), quali
dati di log
I dati di log sono dei file che conservano informazioni sul funzionamento dei dispositivi e, soprattutto, le registrazioni di errori e problemi
, dati relativi a licenze, installazioni e configurazioni, dati relativi a registrazioni effettuate, processi di interazione e di transazione, indicatori di prestazione, dati relativi a flussi di navigazione e visualizzazioni di pagine, utilizzo e conteggi di funzionalità.
Per quali scopi raccogliamo i tuoi dati e per quanto tempo
In questa sezione ti spieghiamo gli scopi per cui utilizziamo i tuoi dati, vale a dire le finalità del trattamento.
Ti indichiamo anche se hai l’obbligo di fornirci i dati, cosa accade se non intendi fornirci i dati e per quanto tempo conserviamo i dati.
Queste sono le finalità per cui trattiamo i tuoi dati:
Finalità contrattuali e di legge
Finalità di miglioramento del servizio e altre finalità non basate sul consenso
Finalità di soft spam
1. Finalità contrattuali e di legge
IN BREVE
Hai l’obbligo di fornirci i tuoi dati?
Si, senza di essi non possiamo fornire i nostri servizi/prodotti.
Cosa accade se non ci fornisci i dati?
Non potremo eseguire il rapporto contrattuale e fornirti i servizi o prodotti che ci hai richiesto.
É necessario il tuo consenso per trattare i tuoi dati?
Non è necessario il tuo consenso.
In base a quale ragione giuridica trattiamo i tuoi dati?
Il trattamento è necessario per eseguire il contratto che hai concluso con noi, per gestire le tue richieste o per porre in essere le attività necessarie per concludere un contratto con noi e per adempiere un obbligo che ci è imposto dalla legge.
Per quanto tempo conserviamo i tuoi dati?
Per un periodo pari alla durata della fornitura dei servizi da te richiesti e per i 10 anni successivi (periodo in cui matura la prescrizione per l’eventuale responsabilità contrattuale).
Sono fatti salvi i casi in cui la conservazione per un periodo successivo sia necessaria per eventuali contenziosi, richieste delle autorità competenti o ai sensi della normativa applicabile
Qui descriviamo più in dettaglio le diverse finalità contrattuali e di legge:
Consentirti di navigare nel Sito
Registrare e gestire l’account
(incluse eventuali verifiche dell’account e recupero delle credenziali) e usare le funzionalità connesse all’account.
Eseguire le attività necessarie alla conclusione ed esecuzione del contratto
per fornire il servizio/prodotto da te richiesto o acquistato, anche tramite il Sito.
Gestire le richieste di iscrizione a
webinar
Un webinar è una sessione educativa o informativa la cui partecipazione avviene in forma remota tramite una connessione a internet
, eventi
, newsletter, le richieste di preventivi e di elaborazione degli ordini.
Gestire gli eventuali reclami e le richieste di invio delle comunicazioni di servizio e aggiornamenti di prodotto
, sia tramite strumenti di comunicazione tradizionale quale la posta cartacea che tramite strumenti di comunicazione a distanza, quali email, chat, telefono, SMS,
chatbot
La chatbot è una conversazione elettronica istantanea (chat) che avviene tra te e un’intelligenza artificiale (bot)
, banner, sistemi di notifica e altri strumenti di comunicazione a distanza.
Assistere, supportare e formare chi usa i nostri servizi e prodotti.
Per le attività di assistenza possono essere trattati anche i Dati di Utilizzo del prodotto.
Ad esempio, esaminando i flussi di navigazione dell’utente è possibile comprendere le ragioni di eventuali criticità nell’utilizzo di determinate funzionalità del prodotto
Adempiere gli obblighi derivanti dalla normativa nazionale o comunitaria
dai regolamenti o dalla normativa comunitaria (es. obblighi fiscali e contabili) oppure gestire o rispondere alle richieste provenienti dall’autorità giudiziaria o dalle autorità amministrative e fiscali.
2. Finalità di miglioramento del servizio e altre finalità non basate sul consenso:
IN BREVE
É necessario il tuo consenso per trattare i tuoi dati?
Non è necessario il tuo consenso.
Puoi opporti a questi trattamenti?
Puoi opporti ai trattamenti effettuati per motivi connessi alla tua situazione particolare, con le modalità indicate nella sezione “
Quali sono i tuoi diritti e come puoi esercitarli
”. In questo caso, non tratteremo i tuoi dati per questa finalità, salvo il caso in cui possiamo dimostrare la presenza di motivi legittimi prevalenti o di esercizio o difesa di un diritto ai sensi dell’articolo 21 del GDPR.
In base a quale ragione giuridica trattiamo i tuoi dati?
Il trattamento si basa sul legittimo interesse del Titolare, previsto dall’art. 6, comma 1, lett. f) del GDPR. In conformità al GDPR, abbiamo svolto un approfondito bilanciamento di interessi con lo scopo di proteggere e garantire la tua privacy e i tuoi diritti fondamentali.
Per quanto tempo conserviamo i tuoi dati?
Per un periodo pari alla durata della fornitura dei servizi che hai richiesto e nel rispetto del
principio di minimizzazione
Il principio di minimizzazione impone di trattare dati personali che siano adeguati, pertinenti e limitati a quanto necessario rispetto alle finalità per le quali sono trattati
.
Sono fatti salvi i casi in cui:
a fronte di contestazioni e/o reclami, Contactlab abbia la necessità di conservare i tuoi dati personali per le finalità di difesa (lettera
j
) per i 10 anni successivi (periodo in cui matura la prescrizione per l’eventuale responsabilità contrattuale di Contactlab);
oppure, in presenza di un contenzioso, la ulteriore conservazione sia dipesa dalla durata stessa del contenzioso o da specifiche richieste dell’autorità procedente.
Qui descriviamo più in dettaglio le diverse finalità di miglioramento del servizio e le altre finalità non basate sul consenso:
Svolgere attività di analisi e di ricerca
rispetto ai prodotti e ai servizi forniti e all’utilizzo degli stessi da parte tua, per migliorare e sviluppare i nostri prodotti e servizi. Nel rispetto del
principio di minimizzazione
Il principio di minimizzazione impone di trattare dati personali che siano adeguati, pertinenti e limitati a quanto necessario rispetto alle finalità per le quali sono trattati
queste attività verranno eseguite utilizzando i tuoi dati personali, solo se necessari, per garantire l’affidabilità e correttezza delle attività; se possibile provvederemo anche alla
anonimizzazione
L’anonimizzazione è una tecnica grazie alla quale un dato personale non è più riconducibile ad una specifica persona.
o aggregazione dei dati prima di utilizzarli.
Valutare la tua soddisfazione dei prodotti acquistati
e dei servizi forniti da Contactlab oppure per risolvere eventuali difficoltà e problemi legati al loro uso: ad esempio, iniziative finalizzate ad aiutarti a utilizzare al meglio il prodotto o il servizio, anche per prevenire eventuali disdette e per migliorare l’esperienza di utilizzo da parte degli utenti e dei clienti.
Far valere e difendere i diritti di Contactlab
, anche nell’ambito di procedure di recupero crediti e di assegnazione dei crediti a società autorizzate, per valutare lo stato e l’affidabilità del cliente, nonché per effettuare controlli ai fini della prevenzione e/o repressione di azioni fraudolente o dannose.
Portare a termine una potenziale fusione,
cessione di beni, cessione d’azienda, di ramo d’azienda o operazioni finanziarie comunicando e trasferendo i dati alle terze parti coinvolte.
Eseguire attività di segmentazione della clientela
basate su categorie non invasive di appartenenza, quali tra gli altri, la categoria professionale di appartenenza, la città/provincia/regione in cui ha sede, la tipologia di prodotto o di servizio acquistato o per il quale hai richiesto informazioni tramite il Sito. Tale attività di segmentazione potrebbe essere fatta anche su piattaforme di fornitori terzi, tramite attività di
interconnessione
L’interconnessione consiste nell’utilizzare più banche dati in connessione tra loro. Ad esempio, i dati contenuti in una banca dati possono essere aggiornati automaticamente in caso di modifiche dei dati contenuti in una seconda banca dati.
con dati propri della piattaforma terza.
Gestire le risorse informatiche di Contactlab
, incluse infrastrutture, siti web ed apparati tecnologici, per assicurare la continuità del servizio e garantire la sicurezza IT (ad esempio, per prevenire attacchi informatici o eseguire verifiche in caso di attacchi).
3. Finalità di soft spam
IN BREVE
Hai l’obbligo di fornirci i tuoi dati?
No, non hai l’obbligo.
Puoi opporti al trattamento?
Puoi opporti in qualsiasi momento al trattamento dei tuoi dati per finalità di soft spam.
Cosa accade se non ci fornisci i dati?
Non tratteremo i tuoi dati per queste finalità senza alcuna conseguenza rispetto ai tuoi rapporti contrattuali intercorrenti con noi e la fruizione dei nostri servizi
É necessario il tuo consenso per trattare i tuoi dati?
No.
In base a quale ragione giuridica trattiamo i tuoi dati?
Il trattamento è eseguito ai sensi dell’articolo 130, comma 4 del Decreto Legislativo n.196/2003 (“Codice Privacy”), fatto salvo il tuo diritto di opporti al trattamento.
Opposizione al trattamento
Se non vuoi più ricevere le nostre comunicazioni commerciali, puoi utilizzare il link di disiscrizione disponibile in fondo alle nostre comunicazioni commerciali ricevute via email. In questi casi, conserveremo i dati personali minimi necessari per registrare la tua rinuncia ed evitare di contattarti nuovamente.
Per quanto tempo conserviamo i tuoi dati?
Per un periodo pari a 24 mesi dalla data dell’acquisto di un nuovo prodotto o servizio a marchio Contactlab.
Qui descriviamo più in dettaglio le diverse finalità di soft spam:
Inviare via email comunicazioni di marketing
su servizi o prodotti analoghi a quelli oggetto del contratto concluso con Contactlab. In qualsiasi momento avrai la possibilità di opporti all’invio di queste comunicazioni.
Con chi condividiamo i tuoi dati
Possiamo comunicare i tuoi dati ad altri soggetti che svolgono attività funzionali a quelle dei nostri prodotti o servizi. Nel condividere i tuoi dati rispettiamo i
principi di finalità e minimizzazione
Il principio di finalità impone di trattare i dati personali per finalità determinate, esplicite e legittime. Il principio di minimizzazione impone di trattare dati personali che siano adeguati, pertinenti e limitati a quanto necessario rispetto alle finalità per le quali sono trattati
stabiliti dal GDPR.
I soggetti a cui comunichiamo i tuoi dati, li trattano, a seconda dei casi, in qualità di autonomi titolari, responsabili o incaricati del trattamento. Per avere una lista completa dei soggetti che trattano i dati in qualità di responsabili del trattamento, scrivici all’indirizzo
privacy@contactlab.com
.
Questi sono i soggetti a cui comunichiamo i tuoi dati:
Terzi fornitori di servizi di assistenza e consulenza con riferimento alle attività dei settori (a titolo meramente esemplificativo) tecnologico, contabile, amministrativo, legale, assicurativo.
Società del gruppo TeamSystem al quale Contactlab appartiene.
Nei casi in cui il rapporto contrattuale preveda l’intervento di partner commerciali, potremo condividere alcuni dei tuoi dati personali con i propri distributori, rivenditori e i partner che fanno parte della catena di distribuzione dei prodotti e servizi del gruppo TeamSystem al quale Contactlab appartiene.
Banche e istituti di credito.
Società di recupero crediti.
Soggetti ed autorità pubbliche il cui diritto di accesso ai tuoi dati personali è espressamente riconosciuto dalla legge, da regolamenti o da provvedimenti emanati dalle autorità competenti.
Potenziali acquirenti ed entità risultanti dalla fusione o ogni altra forma di trasformazione societaria.
Banche dati pubbliche e sistemi informativi di informazioni creditizie.
Trasferiamo i tuoi dati all’estero?
I tuoi dati personali potranno essere liberamente trasferiti all’interno dell’Unione europea.
Se, per le finalità indicate, Contactlab avesse necessità di trasferire i tuoi dati personali fuori dall’Unione europea, verso Paesi non considerati adeguati dalla Commissione europea (es. Stati Uniti), Contactlab adotterà le misure necessarie a proteggere i tuoi dati personali.
Faremo questo nel rispetto delle garanzie di legge, ai sensi della normativa applicabile e in particolare degli articoli 45 e 46 del GDPR.
Nel caso in cui desideri ricevere ulteriori informazioni in merito alle garanzie in essere e vuoi richiedere una copia delle stesse, puoi contattare il Responsabile della Protezione dei dati all’indirizzo
dpo@contactlab.com
Come trattiamo i tuoi dati
I tuoi dati personali sono trattati da Contactlab con sistemi elettronici e manuali secondo i principi di correttezza, lealtà e trasparenza e tutelando la tua riservatezza tramite misure di sicurezza tecniche ed organizzative per garantire un livello di sicurezza adeguato.
Questi trattamenti hanno luogo presso la sede di Contactlab e/o presso i Responsabili esterni del trattamento che effettuano il trattamento per conto di Contactlab.
Con riferimento ai Dati di Utilizzo e di Navigazione, nel rispetto delle finalità descritte e, ove necessario, del tuo espresso consenso, le attività di analisi possono essere fatte, anche mediante
interconnessione
L’interconnessione consiste nell’utilizzare più banche dati in connessione tra loro. Ad esempio, i dati contenuti in una banca dati possono essere aggiornati automaticamente in caso di modifiche dei dati contenuti in una seconda banca dati.
dei tuoi dati relativi ai differenti prodotti e servizi da te acquistati dalle società del Gruppo TeamSystem al quale Contactlab appartiene, con l’acquisizione dei Dati di Utilizzo e di navigazione, sia con riguardo ai prodotti installati presso macchine del cliente (c.d. “on premises), sia per quelli “in cloud”, ossia durante l’uso online dei servizi stessi.
Per le statistiche di utilizzo ci avvaliamo di strumenti che consentono la raccolta dei Dati di Utilizzo.
Quali sono i tuoi diritti e come puoi esercitarli
Hai tu il controllo sui tuoi dati. Qui ti elenchiamo i diritti di cui godi rispetto al trattamento dei tuoi dati personali:
Diritto di accesso
Puoi ricevere conferma dell’esistenza dei tuoi dati personali e accedere al loro contenuto.
Diritto di rettifica
Puoi aggiornare, modificare e/o correggere i tuoi dati personali.
Diritto all’oblio e diritto alla limitazione
Puoi chiedere la cancellazione o la limitazione del trattamento dei tuoi dati personali trattati in violazione di legge compresi quelli di cui non è necessaria la conservazione in relazione agli scopi per i quali i dati sono stati raccolti o altrimenti trattati.
È fatto salvo un prevalente interesse pubblico o un nostro obbligo legale a conservare i dati.
Diritto di opposizione
Puoi opporti al trattamento, compresa la profilazione.
È fatto salvo il caso in cui esista un prevalente motivo legittimo di Contactlab a proseguire il trattamento.
Diritto di revocare il consenso
Puoi revocare il consenso, se lo hai prestato in precedenza.
Diritto di reclamo
Puoi proporre reclamo ad un’autorità di controllo, nello Stato membro in cui risiedi abitualmente, lavori oppure del luogo ove si è verificata la presunta violazione. In Italia l’autorità di controllo è rappresentata dal
Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
Il sito del Garante della protezione dei dati personali è
www.garanteprivacy.it
.
È fatto salvo ogni altro ricorso amministrativo o giurisdizionale.
Diritto alla portabilità dei dati
Puoi ricevere una copia in formato elettronico dei dati personali che ti riguardano.
Hai diritto di trasmettere questi dati ad un diverso fornitore di servizi, se Contactlab tratta i dati sulla base del tuo consenso o sulla base della circostanza che il trattamento è necessario per fornirti i servizi richiesti e se i dati sono trattati con strumenti automatizzati.
Per esercitare i diritti in materia di protezione dei dati personali indicati sopra in ogni momento e gratuitamente puoi rivolgerti al Responsabile della Protezione dei Dati, che è contattabile inviando una richiesta all’indirizzo
dpo@contactlab.com
.
Nel contattarci, accertati di includere il tuo nome, email, indirizzo postale e/o numero di telefono per essere sicuro che la tua richiesta possa essere gestita correttamente.
Cosa succede in caso di tuo decesso?
In caso di tuo decesso, si applica l’articolo 2-terdecies del Codice Privacy: questi diritti riferiti ai tuoi dati personali possono essere esercitati da chi ha un interesse proprio, o agisce a tua tutela in qualità di mandatario, o per ragioni familiari meritevoli di protezione.
Puoi vietare espressamente che alcuni di questi diritti siano esercitati da questi soggetti inviando una dichiarazione scritta al Titolare del trattamento, ai recapiti che puoi individuare nella sezione “
chi siamo e come puoi contattarci
”.
Potrai revocare o modificare questa dichiarazione anche successivamente con le stesse modalità.
Modifiche e aggiornamenti
Potremo modificare questa informativa anche in conseguenza di modifiche normative.
Notificheremo in anticipo le eventuali modifiche della informativa.
Il testo dell’informativa aggiornato sarà disponibile sul Sito.
Contatti Privacy
Per tutte le richieste relative a questa privacy policy puoi contattare il Titolare del trattamento ai seguenti recapiti:
Titolare del trattamento
Contactlab S.r.l.
Via Emilio Cornalia, 11 – 20124 Milano
privacy@contactlab.com
Ricordati di includere il tuo nome, email/indirizzo postale e/o numero/i di telefono per fare in modo che la tua richiesta possa essere gestita correttamente.
Rinvii parlanti
Di seguito gli articoli citati nel documento con la loro relativa semplificazione:
Art. 2-Terdecies Codice Privacy
Diritto di accesso riguardante le persone decedute
Stabilisce chi ha diritto a richiedere l’accesso ai dati di una persona deceduta e definisce tutte le informazioni che possono essere condivise, insieme a costi, limiti ed eccezioni.
Art. 13 GDPR
Informazioni da fornire all’interessato
Stabilisce le informazioni che il titolare del trattamento deve fornire all’interessato, cioè alla persona a cui si riferiscono i dati, nel momento in cui ottiene i suoi dati
Art. 14 GDPR
Informazioni da fornire all’interessato
Stabilisce le informazioni che il titolare del trattamento deve fornire all’interessato, cioè alla persona a cui si riferiscono i dati, se il titolare ha ottenuto questi dati da una fonte diversa dallo stesso interessato.
Art.130 comma 4 DL 196/2003 (“codice privacy”) Comunicazioni promozionali senza il consenso dell’interessato.
Se l’interessato ha fornito al titolare il proprio indirizzo email nell’ambito della vendita di un servizio o di un prodotto, allora il titolare può inviare all’interessato comunicazioni promozionali o relative a ricerche di mercato anche senza il suo consenso. Le comunicazioni devono riguardare prodotti o servizi analoghi a quelli venduti e l’interessato ha sempre il diritto di opporsi a queste comunicazioni.
Art. 45 GDPR Trasferimento sulla base di una decisione di adeguatezza
Stabilisce che i dati personali possono essere trasferiti verso stati esteri o organizzazioni internazionali se c’è un adeguato livello di protezione dei dati, secondo quanto deciso dalla Commissione europea.
Questo articolo definisce anche i requisiti in base ai quali viene presa questa decisione.
Art. 46 GDPR Trasferimento soggetto a garanzie adeguate
I dati personali possono essere trasferiti verso stati esteri o organizzazioni internazionali se il titolare del trattamento abbia stabilito alcune garanzie adeguate a tutelare i dati.
Art. 6, comma 1, lett. f GDPR Liceità del trattamento basato sul legittimo interesse
Il trattamento dei dati personali è lecito se è necessario per il perseguimento del legittimo interesse del titolare del trattamento o di terzi, purché su questo interesse non prevalgano gli interessi o i diritti e le libertà fondamentali dell’interessato.
Art. 21 GDPR Diritto di opposizione
L’interessato ha il diritto di opporsi in qualsiasi momento, per motivi connessi alla sua situazione particolare, al trattamento dei suoi dati personali quando questo è basato sul perseguimento di un legittimo interesse. In caso di opposizione, il titolare del trattamento deve astenersi dal trattare ulteriormente i dati personali salvo che possa dimostrare l’esistenza di motivi legittimi cogenti che prevalgono sugli interessi, sui diritti e sulle libertà dell’interessato oppure per l’esercizio o la difesa di un diritto in sede giudiziaria
.
Scorrere verso l’alto
×
Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici ed altri strumenti tecnici necessari per il suo funzionamento. Inoltre, laddove rilasciassi il tuo consenso cliccando su Accetta tutto o nella sezione raggiungibile cliccando su Impostazioni cookies, potrà installare anche cookie di misurazione della navigazione o di marketing al fine di mostrare messaggi pubblicitari. Cliccando su Rifiuta tutto le impostazioni predefinite vengono lasciate invariate e quindi la navigazione può continuare senza cookie o altri strumenti di tracciamento diversi da quello tecnico. È possibile modificare in ogni momento le preferenze sui cookie cliccando su Preferenze cookies nel footer di questo sito. Per maggiori informazioni visualizza la
cookie policy
Premi ancora per continuare 0/1
Impostazioni Cookies
Rifiuta tutto
Accetta tutto
Sub-policy 10
https://www.facebook.com/help/405977429438260:
Help Center
English (US)
This Page Isn't Available
The link may be broken, or the page may have been removed. Check to see if the link you're trying to open is correct.
Go to Help Center Home
Go back
Back to Meta
About
Privacy
Terms and Policies
Ad Choices
Careers
Cookies
Create Ad
Create Page
© 2025 Meta
Feedback
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 11
http://www.criteo.com/privacy/full-privacy-text/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
OOPS! ... PAGE NOT FOUND
The page you are looking for was moved, removed, renamed or could not be found.
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Sub-policy 12
https://www.seeweb.it/privacy:
GDPR 679/2016 - Informativa in materia di protezione dei dati personali
A coloro che sottoscrivono contratti per i servizi di Seeweb o che richiedono attività di presales, ai sensi e per gli effetti del Reg. UE 2016/679 forniamo alcune informazioni relative al trattamento dei Dati Personali, non solo per ottemperare agli obblighi di legge, ma anche perché la trasparenza e la correttezza sono parte fondante della nostra attività in seno al GDPR 679/2016.
Trattamento dei dati
I dati verranno trattati in accordo alle disposizioni legislative della normativa sopra richiamata e degli obblighi di riservatezza ivi previsti secondo i principi di correttezza, liceità, trasparenza e di tutela della loro riservatezza.
Base giuridica
L’elaborazione dei dati del cliente si basa sul consenso fornito direttamente dallo stesso, e sulla necessaria elaborazione per consentire la conclusione del contratto di servizio, o con l'uso o la consultazione del presente sito da parte di visitatori e utenti che approvano esplicitamente la presente informativa privacy e acconsentono al trattamento dei loro dati personali in relazione alle modalità e alle finalità di seguito descritte, compreso l'eventuale diffusione a terzi se necessaria per l'erogazione di un servizio. Art. 6 comma 1) lett. a) l'interessato ha espresso il consenso al trattamento dei propri dati personali per una o più specifiche finalità; b) il trattamento è necessario all'esecuzione di un contratto di cui l'interessato è parte o all'esecuzione di misure precontrattuali adottate su richiesta dello stesso; f) il trattamento è necessario per il perseguimento del legittimo interesse del titolare del trattamento o di terzi. Il Titolare del Trattamento dei suoi dati personali è Seeweb Srl, P.IVA 02043220603 - C.so Lazio 9/a - 03100 Frosinone – Italia, responsabile del legittimo e corretto uso dei suoi dati personali e che potrà contattare per qualsiasi informazione o richiesta ai seguenti recapiti: dati di contatto: Tel: +39 0775 880041 mail:
privacy@seeweb.it
Il Titolare del trattamento, ai sensi dell’art. 37 GDPR ha nominato Tamara Arduini Responsabile della Protezione dei Dati - Data Protection Officer, dati di contatto: T+39 0775 880041 mail:
dpo@seeweb.it
.
Codice di Condotta
Il Titolare dichiara di aver aderito ad un codice di condotta vincolante e certificativo in tema di trattamento di dati personali come istituito agli artt. 40 e 42 GDPR.
Finalità del Trattamento
Dare seguito alle attività di presales e di informazione commerciale richieste dal soggetto
Gestire, concludere e dare esecuzione del rapporto contrattuale concordato, nonché, degli eventuali dispositivi accessori richiesti, incluso ogni adempimento relativo ad obblighi fiscali e di contabilità
Gestire ed eseguire le richieste di contatto dell’interessato, le richieste di fornitura dei servizi, nelle richieste di assistenza anche mediante comunicazione a terzi
Dati derivanti da implicita trasmissione nell’uso dei protocolli di comunicazione di Internet, attraverso elaborazioni per permettere di identificare gli utenti, indirizzi IP o i nomi a dominio dei computer utilizzati dagli utenti che si connettono al sito, incluso l’orario della richiesta, il metodo utilizzato nel sottoporre la richiesta al server, la dimensione del file ottenuto in risposta. Questi dati vengono raccolti in forma esclusivamente aggregata al fine di verificare il corretto funzionamento del sito, e per motivi di sicurezza utilizzati al solo fine di ricavare informazioni statistiche anonime sull’uso del sito o per ragioni tecniche di corretto funzionamento.
I dati potrebbero inoltre essere utilizzati per l’accertamento di responsabilità in caso di ipotetici reati informatici ai danni della struttura informatica (legittimi interessi del titolare).
Seeweb S.r.l. effettua la profilazione secondo le modalità e i limiti normativi, con invio di informazioni promozionali relative ai nostri servizi, informazioni di marketing, remarketing, pubblicità e altre informazioni che possono essere di tuo interesse in base alle preferenze espresse in sede di conferimento dei dati personali.
Ambito Territoriale
Il Titolare informa che effettuerà il trattamento dei dati conferiti, prevalentemente in via diretta o attraverso incarico ad altro soggetto comunque in ambito Europeo.
L’Interessato
Ai sensi dell’articolo 15 del Regolamento EU 679/2016 ha diritto di ottenere la conferma dell’esistenza o meno di dati che la riguardano, ottenere l’indicazione dell’origine e delle finalità e modalità del trattamento, l’aggiornamento, la rettificazione, l’integrazione dei dati, la cancellazione dei dati trattati in violazione di legge e ha diritto di opporsi al trattamento per finalità di invio di materiale pubblicitario.
Esercizio dei diritti - Reclamo
È possibile esercitare ogni diritto descritto in questa sezione nei confronti del Titolare del trattamento, inviando una mail a
privacy@seeweb.it
, Ti ricordiamo che potremmo chiederti di verificare la tua identità prima di intraprendere ulteriori azioni in base alla tua richiesta. Per esercitare i diritti di cui all’art. 15 del Regolamento EU 679/2016 può rivolgersi al Titolare scrivendo a: Seeweb S.r.l. con sede in Frosinone (Fr) C.so Lazio 9/a - 03100, o inviando una mail a
privacy@seeweb.it
.
Accesso ai dati
Hai il diritto di richiedere copie di dati personali che ci hai fornito in un formato strutturato, comunemente usato e leggibile elettronicamente, e/o richiederci di trasmettere tali informazioni a un altro fornitore di servizi (laddove tecnicamente fattibile).
Durata del Trattamento Conservazione
In generale, Seeweb Srl conserva i tuoi dati personali brevi periodi di tempo, o per il tempo necessario all’esecuzione del contratto stipulato.
Potremmo conservare alcuni dei tuoi dati personali nella misura necessaria ad assolvere ai nostri obblighi legali e fiscali nonché alla tutela dei nostri interessi contrattuali.
Eccezionalmente potremmo conservare alcuni dei tuoi dati personali per lo svolgimento di attività di indagine, come previsto dalla normativa.
Dichiariamo che, trascorsi 24 mesi dal termine delle obbligazioni contrattuali o dalle attività di presales e commerciali richieste, rimuoveremo i dati personali non  diversamente necessari per  normative cogenti.
Ritiro del consenso e limitazione del trattamento dei dati personali.
È possibile in qualsiasi momento revocare il consenso al trattamento dei dati personali inviandoci una comunicazione nella quale specifichi la volontà di voler revocare il consenso, oppure procedere direttamente con la disiscrizione ove previsto. La revoca del consenso non incide sulla legittimità di qualunque attività di trattamento basata su di esso prima della sua revoca.
In che modo Seeweb utilizza i cookie
Seeweb Srl si impegna a proteggere le tue informazioni personali: questo documento elenca le informazioni che potremmo raccogliere e il modo in cui potremmo utilizzarle.
Cosa sono i cookie e come li utilizziamo?
Un cookie è un file di testo che viene memorizzato sul computer o dispositivo mobile dal server di un sito web e che solo quel server sarà in grado di recuperare o leggerne il contenuto. Contiene alcune informazioni anonime e permette al sito web di ricordare, ad esempio, le tue preferenze o cosa c'è nel tuo carrello.
Perché usiamo i cookie?
Seeweb Srl utilizza i cookie in quanto in alcune parti del nostro sito sono essenziali in quanto indispensabili al mantenimento della sessione e dell’autenticazione e senza di essi non saresti in grado di utilizzare i nostri servizi. I cookie ci aiutano anche a fornirti un'esperienza migliore e più ricca, ad esempio, suggerendoti prodotti o servizi di tuo interesse o per poter interagire con le piattaforme dei social network.
I nostri tipi di cookie
Tecnici (necessari)
I cookie "essenziali" sono i cookie strettamente necessari per consentire apposite funzionalità richieste.Di solito vengono impostati solo in risposta alle azioni da te effettuate che costituiscono una richiesta di servizi, come l'impostazione delle preferenze di privacy, l'accesso o la compilazione di moduli. È possibile impostare il browser per bloccare o avere avvisi riguardo questi cookie, ma di conseguenza alcune parti del sito non funzioneranno. Questi cookie non archiviano informazioni personali.
Statistici
I cookie "statistici" raccolgono informazioni su come utilizzi il nostro sito web e i nostri servizi, per esempio quali sono le pagine visitate, e gli eventuali errori che si possono incontrare. Questi cookie sono raccolti in forma aggregata e completamente anonimi e vengono utilizzati solo per aiutarci a migliorare come funziona il nostro sito e capire gli interessi dei visitatori.
Marketing
Questi consentono di fornire un servizio di informazione pubblicitaria di maggiore interesse per l'utente, mostrandoti prodotti e servizi simili a quelli che hai guardato in precedenza, tramite l'acquisizione di informazioni desunte dalla navigazione dell'utente e dall'utilizzo di alcuni servizi offerti. L'uso di questi cookie non implica il trattamento di dati personali ma può permettere il riconoscimento del suo computer o di altri dispositivi. In questo ambito, utilizziamo anche cookie "di monitoraggio" sono legati ai servizi forniti da terze parti (incluse le piattaforme dei social network), come ad esempio il "like" e lo "share" che monitorano l'efficacia della pubblicità. Possono essere impostati tramite il nostro sito dai nostri partner pubblicitari. Possono essere utilizzati da queste aziende per costruire un profilo dei tuoi interessi e mostrarti annunci pertinenti su altri siti. Non memorizzano direttamente informazioni personali, ma sono basati unicamente sull'individuazione del tuo browser e del tuo dispositivo internet. Se non si accettano questi cookie, riceverai una pubblicità meno mirata.
Profilazione
I cookie "comportamentali" sono i cookie utilizzati per raccogliere dati sulle sue abitudini di navigazione e sulle tue preferenze, effettuando profilazioni e/o personalizzazioni a scopo pubblicitario.
Base Giuridica
Tutti i cookie utilizzati da Seeweb, ad eccezione di quelli "Tecnici (Necessari)" installati per legittimo interesse del Titolare, sono trattati esclusivamente con il consenso dell'utente. L'utente inoltre è libero di modificare le proprie preferenze in ogni momento accedendo al pannello delle Preferenze di consenso.
I cookie di terze parti - e, quindi, che non hanno come fornitore seeweb.it - sono cookie provenienti da altri siti: potrai consultare la loro privacy policy sui relativi portali.
Durata
Per ogni cookie è prevista una specifica durata, determinata dal raggiungimento della finalità per la quale il relativo cookie è installato.
Informativa
Il nostro sito utilizza cookie per migliorare la tua esperienza di navigazione. Alcuni sono funzionali all’utilizzo del sito stesso, mentre i cookie di marketing permettono di personalizzare la pubblicità.
Puoi accettare tutti i cookie, rifiutare quelli non necessari o gestire le tue preferenze.
Chiudendo il banner, rimarranno le impostazioni di default (solo cookie necessari). Per ulteriori informazioni leggi la nostra
Cookie Policy
.
Accetta
Rifiuta
Scopri di più e personalizza
Contattaci
Sub-policy 13
https://prudsys.de/en/privacy/:
Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript
Um diese Website in vollem Umfang nutzen zu können, benötigen Sie JavaScript.
Offenbar ist JavaScript in Ihrem Browser entweder deaktiviert oder wird nicht unterstützt.
Solutions
CLOUD4RETAIL
Platform
OmniPOS
Mobile POS
Self-Scanning
OmniScale
Store Inventory Management
GK Products on SAP
GK Engage
GK Vision
GK Drive
GK GO
GK e-receipt
Central Services
Payments
AIR
Personalization
Price Optimizer
Industries
Grocery
Mass Merchandise
Fashion & Department Stores
General Merchandise & Specialty
Hospitality
Convenience & Fuel
Company
About GK
Management
Supervisory Board
Customers
Partners
Industry Recognition
Sponsoring
Services & Support
Companies
Locations
Contact
Public
Press Releases
Blog
Events
Media Coverage
Media Center
E-Books
Portals
Investors
Careers
Partners
Solutions
CLOUD4RETAIL
Platform
OmniPOS
Mobile POS
Self-Scanning
OmniScale
Store Inventory Management
GK Products on SAP
GK Engage
GK Vision
GK Drive
GK GO
GK e-receipt
Central Services
Payments
AIR
Personalization
Price Optimizer
Industries
Grocery
Mass Merchandise
Fashion & Department Stores
General Merchandise & Specialty
Hospitality
Convenience & Fuel
Company
About GK
Management
Supervisory Board
Customers
Partners
Industry Recognition
Sponsoring
Services & Support
Companies
Locations
Contact
Public
Press Releases
Blog
Events
Media Coverage
Media Center
E-Books
Portals
Investors
Careers
Partners
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Русский
us
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Русский
Solutions
CLOUD4RETAIL
Platform
OmniPOS
Mobile POS
Self-Scanning
OmniScale
Store Inventory Management
GK Products on SAP
GK Engage
GK Vision
GK Drive
GK GO
GK e-receipt
Central Services
Payments
AIR
Personalization
Price Optimizer
Industries
Grocery
Mass Merchandise
Fashion & Department Stores
General Merchandise & Specialty
Hospitality
Convenience & Fuel
Company
About GK
Management
Supervisory Board
Customers
Partners
Industry Recognition
Sponsoring
Services & Support
Companies
Locations
Contact
Public
Press Releases
Blog
Events
Media Coverage
Media Center
E-Books
Portals
Investors
Careers
Partners
Solutions
CLOUD4RETAIL
Platform
OmniPOS
Mobile POS
Self-Scanning
OmniScale
Store Inventory Management
GK Products on SAP
GK Engage
GK Vision
GK Drive
GK GO
GK e-receipt
Central Services
Payments
AIR
Personalization
Price Optimizer
Industries
Grocery
Mass Merchandise
Fashion & Department Stores
General Merchandise & Specialty
Hospitality
Convenience & Fuel
Company
About GK
Management
Supervisory Board
Customers
Partners
Industry Recognition
Sponsoring
Services & Support
Companies
Locations
Contact
Public
Press Releases
Blog
Events
Media Coverage
Media Center
E-Books
Portals
Investors
Careers
Partners
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Русский
AIR
AIR Overview
Personalization
Price Optimizer
GK Artificial Intelligence for Retail
For more than 20 years now, GK Artificial Intelligence for Retail AG (GK AIR), formerly prudsys AG, is one of the leading providers of cloud-based AI solutions for retailers. Our mission is to automate personalization and pricing processes in retail by means of artificial intelligence (AI). The GK AIR product portfolio delivers ready-to-use AI applications for Personalization, Price Optimization, and Real-Time Prediction. GK AIR’s powerful, self-learning algorithms provide in-depth insights into product and customer behavior, enabling retailers to make fast, data-driven decisions for business success.
AI Applications
Introduction
Build excellent retail strategies across all touchpoints with GK AIR
GK AIR is the first AI-based solution portfolio to offer retail-only applications for optimizing and merging industry processes. Regardless of the touchpoint- instore, or ecommerce - The GK AIR portfolio combines the best of online and analog retail expertise. Through our platform, retailers are enabled to create highly personalized shopping experiences across all touchpoints for customers. We optimize your retail strategy through easy applications- deployed without extensive trainings. With GK AIR, you will effectively increase growth, operate more sustainably and create overall better customer experiences.
AI Applications
Customers
Customers of all retail segments trust in GK AIR products
AI Applications
Functions
Technologies, that deliver Impact - Now!
Ready-to-use AI applications
Achieve results quickly with AIR applications that are ready-to-use and can be deployed instantly.
You do not need long project phases to experience the rewards of modern decision-making tools. The preconfigured processes of the AIR platform enable you to quickly turn data at any scale into business value.
Customized to retailers’ needs
The ready-to-use AI applications are specially designed for to deliver advanced features, including personalization and dynamic pricing.
The applications of the AIR platform are exclusively focused on the challenges of modern retailing and address the concrete challenges of daily business. They provide actionable recommendations that drive competitive advantages in a highly dynamic market.
AI-based insights for any channel and any device
The AIR platform automates your processes at every touchpoint: in the store, on mobile devices, online and across all other channels.
The cloud-based AIR applications meet all the requirements of modern omnichannel retailing. Intelligent insights can be displayed at every touchpoint of the customer journey and integrates seamlessly into existing interfaces for point of sale, merchandising, ERP and CRM systems.
Real-time results for rapid actions
You always receive the insights and recommendations of the AIR applications in real time. This enables you to react immediately to new challenges from customers, competitors and the market.
Our AI applications continuously analyze all relevant conditions such as customer behavior, merchandise levels or competitor prices to provide fully contextual recommendations.
Benefits
Immediate Results for Your Bottom Line
+3-5%
Avg. revenue
increase in FMCG
with Dynamic Pricing
+2-3%
Overall increased revenue
in fashion retail with
Personalization
+25%
Increase in overall orders
for grocery retail with GK
AIR Personalization
Visit our web seminars or meet us at events
Web seminars & Events
AI Applications
Discover GK AIR
Personalization
Learn more
Increase your click rates
, revenue and margin by offering customers shopping experiences, that are tailored to their personal needs
Offer your customers tailored, relevant and positive shopping experience
at every point of their journey with the help of our AI
Optimize Campaign ROIs
, e.g. via smart target group segmentation
Price Optimizer
Learn more
Calculate optimal prices
by comparing numerous evolving factors in volatile markets against various pricing strategies. Dynamic Pricing will always find the best price to achieve your stated goal.
Optimize prices instantly
adjusting for the complex interconnections of pricing factors including costs, competition, price sensitivities and even the weather.
Define and optimize pricing strategies
according to sales, revenue or margin goals and apply them to product properties such as brand or category. Track the performance and improve on crucial KPIs
Get in touch with us
Case Studies GK AIR
BADER: Precisely tailored recommendations for quality products achieve high customer resonance
Bader has stood for quality products in the fashion, living and lifestyle segments for over 90 years. The fashion retailer decided to integrate GK AIR Personalization in order to increase traffic to the online store and response to the customer newsletter.
To the download page
Bergzeit: Effective price management through dynamic price control
Especially in a highly volatile market environment, it is crucial interactions between the various price influencing factors in order to price the product range optimally. Outdoor outfitter Bergzeit uses GK AIR Price Optimizer to implement channel- and country-specific pricing, thereby optimizing its key performance indicators while ensuring customer acceptance.
To the download page
Berner Group: Personalization powers stronger customer response rates at Berner
B2B customers from the construction, industry and mobility sectors in more than 20 countries rely on the expertise of the Berner brands. In order to offer them a personalized online experience with relevant product recommendations, Berner decided to integrate the AI solution GK AIR Personalization. Dynamic recommendation areas ensure a strong customer response in 20 country stores.
To the download page
Coop: Relevant purchase incentives for the supermarket through individual coupons
Coop integrated purchase incentives into the newsletter in order to increase purchase frequency at the omnichannel platform coop.ch. With GK AIR Personalization, Coop creates individualized coupons that are tailored to the interests of each newsletter recipient. The solution takes into account both the purchases from the supermarket as well as purchases from online.
To the download page
DOUGLAS: 360-degree personalization for strong customer loyalty
For more than a decade, beauty expert Douglas has been relying on GK AIR Personalization to create a personalized shopping experience that delights customers. The company is continuously developing its personalized use cases, relying on a highly configurable recommendation system.
To the download page
Falke: First-class recommendations for first-class products
The international fashion retailer Falke has decided to implement the omnichannel-capable AI solution GK AIR Personalization in order to achieve an individual customer approach in its numerous country stores, the associated newsletters and, in the long term, also in its stores. New use cases for personalization are regularly personalization are regularly added at Falke.
To the download page
Kärcher: Successful customer approach through intelligent real-time personalization
B2C and B2B customers worldwide rely on the efficient, resource-saving cleaning systems from Kärcher. The company decided to integrate the GK AIR Personalization AI solution into its online channels in order to offer a high level of consulting expertise, improve the shopping experience and optimize key performance indicators.
To the download page
Popken Fashion Group: Best pricies for strong market positioning
Fashion specialist Popken Fashion Group specializes in fashion in large sizes and relies on GK AIR Price Optimizer for the pricing of its product ranges. The fashion retailer opted for the AI solution because it delivered convincing results in A/B tests and optimally prices fashion products over the entire life cycle. Routine category management tasks are eliminated and market changes are taken into account in real time in the price calculation.
To the download page
Sanicare: Efficient pricing for 700,000 products in the healthcare sector
BS Apotheken OHG decided to integrate GK AIR Price Optimizer in order to simplify and optimize the pricing of product ranges in its the Sanicare and Aliva online shop pharmacies. This enables the company to implement highly dynamic pricing across the various online channels.
To the download page
WMF: Drinking and eating with pleasure – relevant products for the best culinary experiences
In order to strengthen customer loyalty outside of the retail store and and simultaneously increase sales, WMF decided to use GK AIR Personalization in its online business. Various personalization scenarios, such as the use of intelligent newsletter campaigns, have a positive impact on key performance indicators and customer loyalty.
To the download page
We use cookies on this website in order to personalise, improve and operate our services in an economically viable way. By confirming your selection, you consent to the use of the selected cookies. You can change this selection at any time or withdraw your consent by clicking the link to the Cookies Manager. Please refer to our Data Protection Declaration for further information.
Yes, allow cookies
Cookie settings
No, allow strictly necessary cookies only
Further information
Agreement on the use of cookies
General usage
We use cookies, tracking pixels and similar technologies on our website. Cookies are small files that we create and store on your device. Our website uses cookies that are stored by us or by third parties for various purposes within the framework of the use and functionality of our website, including its personalisation. Cookies may be used to understand how you use the website so that targeted content can be displayed.
Strictly necessary cookies
Performance cookies
External media
Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary or functional cookies relate to the functionality of our website and enable us to improve the service we offer you via our website. For example, these cookies allow us to transmit information across several pages of our website. They ensure that you can visit our website again without having to re-enter your information.
Enabled
Performance cookies
Performance cookies enable us to:
Recognise and count the number of visitors to our website
Observe and record the user behaviour of our visitors
This allows us to see how frequently certain pages and content are visited and which areas of our website are most popular. In addition, it means that we can improve the service offered based on users’ interests.
Enabled
External media
Content from video and social media platforms is blocked by default. If cookies for external media are accepted, no separate consent is required to access this content.
Enabled