General Terms and Conditions
Article 1 (Objective)
The purposes of these general terms and conditions(hereinafter, referred to as “these terms and conditions”) are to regulate rights, obligations, responsibilities and other necessary matters in relation to the usage of bubble for JYPnation services provided by Dear U Co., Ltd. (hereinafter, referred to as the “Company”).
Article 2 (Definition)
① Definitions of terminologies used in these terms and conditions are as follows.
1. “Services” refers to the bubble for JYPnation services to be used by Members through any devices (including wired and wireless devices such as PC, TV or mobile devices, etc.).
2. “Members” refers to users who access the Services of the Company, enter into a contract with the Company in accordance with these terms and conditions, or use the Services provided by the Company.
3. “Account” refers to a login account necessary for using the Services based on email address and password.
4. “Paid Services” refers to the sale of services or products provided in exchange for a certain amount of money from Members within the Services.
5. “Posts” refers to texts, photos, videos, files and links in the form of signs, texts, voices, sounds, images and videos posted on Services by Members.
6. “Contents” refers to all unique works, such as videos, images, and voices, that the Company and Artists provide to Members via the Services.
7. "Artists" refers to celebrities such as actors, singers, athletes, and influencers who provide Contents through the Services.
② The definitions of terminologies used in these terms and conditions follow relevant laws and regulations and other general commercial practices except the definitions specified in paragraph 1.
Article 3 (Posting and amendment of terms and conditions)
① The Company posts these terms and conditions, Company’s name, location of business places, name of representative, business registration number, contact information (telephone, fax, email address, etc.) in the Services in order for Members to notice. Provided, however, the details of these terms and conditions can viewed to Members through connected pages.
② The Company may amend these terms and conditions within the range that does not violate relevant laws such as Act on the Regulation of Terms and Conditions, Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc. (hereinafter referred to as “Act on Information and Communications Network”), Content Industry Promotion Act etc.
③ In case when the Company amends these terms and conditions, it shall state the date of application and the reason of amendment, together with the existing terms and conditions, and publish them from 15days prior to the day before application of amendment. Provided, however, if any amendments are unfavorable to Members, then it will be published 30 days before the effective date, and it will also be clearly notified again through electronic methods including email, official message in Services, etc. for certain period of time.
④ In the case of a notice or notice pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Company shall also notify or notify that if the Member does not express his or her intention to refuse the amended terms and conditions, the Company shall be deemed to have agreed to the amended terms and conditions, and if the Member does not express his/her refusal by the effective date of these terms and conditions, the Company shall be deemed to have agreed to the amended terms and conditions. If any Members do not agree to the amended terms and conditions, the Members may freely terminate the Services agreement anytime.
Article 4 (Interpretation of terms and conditions)
① The Company may have separate terms and conditions(hereinafter, referred to as “Separate Terms and Conditions”) for Paid Services or individual service. If the contents conflict with these terms and conditions, then the Separate Terms and Conditions will prevail.
② Any matters and interpretations not specified in these terms and conditions shall follow relevant laws or commercial practice.
③ These terms and conditions may be provided in Korean, English and some other languages for convenience of users. If any translated terms and conditions are different from the Korean version of these terms and conditions, then Korean version of terms and conditions will be preferably interpreted and applied.
Article 5 (Operation policy)
①
The Company may set the matters necessary for the application of these terms and conditions and the matters delegated by specifying the specific scope of these terms and conditions as the operation policy.
② The Company shall post the operation policy in the Service or on the connected screen.
Article 6 (Sign-up)
① For sign-up process, a person who wishes to become a Member (hereinafter, referred to as “Applicant”) shall enter Member information in the form designated by the Company, and consent to the terms and conditions and complete the authentication process with email address in order to apply membership. And when the Company approves the application, the sign-up for membership is completed.
② The Company will generally accept the application of the Applicant and approve the use of Services. Provided, however, the Company may not accept the application or terminate the Services agreement later in the following cases.
1. In case any Applicant's membership was permanently suspended or terminated by the Company before.
2. In case any Applicants use the name of other people or not use real name
3. In case any applicants enter false information, or not enter information required by the Company
4. In case any children under 14 do not obtain approval of legal representative
5. In case it is impossible to approve due to any faults of Applicants or the application violates any regulations
6. In case the Services are used wrongfully or used to pursue profits in the ways other than purposes or methods specified by the Company
7. In case the application violates related laws and regulations or commits offenses against public morals or fine customs
8. in case the approval is judged to be inappropriate for other reasons
③ The Company may request to verify real name and identification through institutions by the types of Members in the application.
④ The Company may hold off the approval when facilities related to Services are not sufficient or there is any technical or operational issues.
⑤ If the application for membership is not allowed or held off according to the prior paragraph, the Company shall generally notify it to the Applicant for membership.
⑥ The Company may apply differentials on usage hours, number of usage and service menu for Members by grades of membership under the Company’s policies.
⑦ The Company may put a limit on use or restriction for Members by grades and age pursuant to the Promotion of the Motion Pictures and Video Products Act and Juvenile Protection Act, etc.
Article 7 (Special rules regarding Services agreement for Members under the age of 14)
①
Applicants under the age of 14
shall cooperate with the Company for the Company to obtain consent from the Applicants’ legal representative before sign-up. If the Company does not receive a consent of the legal representative in accordance with the procedure set by the Company, the Applicants shall not be able to use the Services.
② In order to express consent described in the preceding paragraph, the legal representative shall deliver the consent by means of a message on a email or the like as instructed by the Company. When the agreement is concluded, the Company shall notify the legal representative of the records and details of the agreement.
③ A legal representative may withdraw his / her consent at any time by contacting the service center of the Company.
Article 8 (Changes in Member information)
① Members can read and amend their personal information anytime through my profile menu in Services.
② If any information entered when applying membership are changed, Members may amend within the Services or notify the company of the changes through email, etc.
③ If any disadvantages occur since Members do not notify the changes specified in paragraph 2, the Company is not responsible for that.
Article 9 (Obligations to protect personal information)
The Company will make efforts to protect personal information of Members pursuant to any relevant laws including Act on Information and Communications Network. For the protection and the use of personal information, related laws and the Privacy Policy of the Company shall apply.
Article 10 (Obligations on the management of Member Accounts)
① Members are responsible for the management of the Account of Members, and they shall not allow any third parties to use it.
② If there is any concern/event of leakage of information for certain Account, then the Company may restrict usage of such Account.
③ If Account is hacked or Members acknowledge that any third parties use their Account, then it shall be immediately notified to the Company and the Members shall follow the instructions of the Company.
④ In case of the paragraph 3, if Members do not notify the Company of the fact, or even though it is notified to the Company, any disadvantages occur since the Members do not follow the instructions of the Company, then the Company is not responsible for that.
Article 11 (Notification to Members)
① In case the Company notifies Members, it may be notified to email address or official message in the Services unless otherwise specified in these terms and conditions.
② In case of notification for all Members, the Company can post it in the notice menu on Services for more than seven days and it can replace the notification specified in paragraph 1. However, any matters that significantly affect to the transaction of any Members will be notified individually.
Article 12 (Obligations of the Company)
① The Company does not conduct any action prohibited by these terms and conditions or an offense against traditional custom and makes efforts to provide Services continuously and stably.
② The Company shall have a security system to protect personal information (including credit information) in order for Members can use the Services safely and it publishes and observes the privacy policy.
③ If the Company admits that any opinions or complaints from Members related to the Services are reasonable, then it shall address the issues. The process and result of addressing opinions or complaints raised by Members shall be delivered to Members through bulletin board or email.
④ If any damages occurred to users due to wrongful presentation or advertisement specified in Article 3 of Act on Fair Labeling and Advertising for products or services, then the Company shall compensate this.
⑤ The Company does not send any advertisement email for profits if Members do not want to receive them.
Article 13 (Member’s obligations)
① Members are not allowed to do followings.
1. Registration of false information when applying or changing
2. Illegal use of others’ information
3. Changing information posted by the Company
4. Collecting personal information and account information of other Members
5. Any acts to use the services to transmit advertisement for profits without prior consent of the Company
6. Any acts to copy, disassemble or emulate the Services through reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling and other processing activities
7. Any acts to interrupt normal Services of the Company by creating heavy load on the server of the Company by using the Services in a different from normal usage method (e.g. Automatic connection program, etc.).
8. Any acts to grant access authority to any other third parties
9. Infringement of intellectual property rights of the third party including copyrights of Artists, the Company
10. Any acts to defame the reputation of the Company, Artists or any third party or interrupt businesses
11. Any acts to disclose or post obscene or violent messages, video, audio or other information that are offensive against public order and good morals
12. Any acts to use the Services for profits without consent of the Company
13. Any other illegal activities or wrongdoings
② Members shall observe related laws, any and all regulations of the Company such as these terms and conditions, Separate terms and conditions, instruction for use and cautions notified in related to Services, and notifications of the Company, and shall not conduct any acts interrupting the business of the Company.
Article 14 (Provision of Services, etc.)
① The Company provides following services to Members.
1. Services (chatting with Artists, etc.) engaged with Artists
2. Any other services additionally developed by the Company or provided to Members through affiliate agreements with other companies
② The Company may provide whole or part of Services for a fee and request authentication through email address, sign-up process in order to provide the Services.
③ The Company may divide the Services by certain ranges and designate available time by each range separately. Provided, however, the details are noticed in advance in such case.
④ The Company may temporarily suspend provision of Services if there is maintenance, replacement, breakdown or communication interruption, etc. of information and communication facilities like computers etc., or in case of other reasonable cause regarding the operation. In this case, the Company shall notify Members in the method specified in Article 11 (Notifications to Members). Provided, however, if there is any reason that the Company cannot notify it in advance, it may be notified later.
⑤ The Company may conduct regular checkup if necessary for the provision of the Services, and such regular checkup hours shall be notified on the Services screen.
Article 15 (Change in Services)
① The Company may change or suspend the whole or part of Services provided for the operational and technical necessities.
② The Company may amend, suspend or change the whole or part of Services provided for free when it is necessary for the policies and operation of the Company, and it does not compensate the Members separately unless otherwise there is any special rules in any relevant laws. This also applies to Paid Services and contents, etc. provided for free.
③ If any contents, use method and hours of Services have been changed or Services are suspended, The contents, reason and date of the Services to be amended or suspended will be notified for a certain period in a manner that Members can fully acknowledge such as notification menu in the Services or other official message, etc. before the change or suspension.
Article 16 (Provision of information and advertisement)
① The Company may post information related to the Services on the Services screen, official message and its homepage, etc.
② The Company may publish advertisement of the Company or any third parties in Services.
③ Services may include services or contents provided by other businesses affiliated with the Company. If the Company offers a paid service to the Members through an affiliated business, the relevant business policies may apply.
Article 17 (Copyrights of Posts)
① The copyrights of Posts posted by Members in the Services will be protected by the Copyright Act. Members shall provide worldwide, permanent, non-exclusive and free licenses to the Company to use the Posts as follows. The scope of use and allowance of the licenses above is as follows.
1. Using, editing, saving, copying, revising, transferring, exhibiting, publicly demonstrating, publishing and distributing Posts by the Company and subcontractors in order to operate, improve and enhance Services, and develop new services
2. Creating and distributing edited works, secondary works of Posts
3. Providing it to report or broadcast the contents of the Posts to mass media or communication companies upon consent of the members for the purposes of promotion for the Company or Services
4. The Company uses Posts as search result in the Services
5. Using it for promotion materials such as IR
② Despite of the preceding paragraph, if the Company uses the Posts of Members for commercial purposes (e.g. providing Posts to third parties and receiving monetary consideration) other than the purposes specified in the preceding paragraph, then it has to obtain consent of the Member in advance
③ Posts in Services may have editing function for various Members to transfer, revise or delete it. At this time, Members allow other Members to use and edit their Posts.
④ Even though Members terminate the agreement of use or the agreement is terminated by Article 20(Termination of membership. Etc.), the licenses shall survive within the range to operate, enhance, improve and promote Services, and develop new services.
⑤ If the Company integrates services operated by the company based on Service operating policies, changing the location of posting Posts or sharing between services can be elected to provide services without of changing the contents of Posts, and this shall be notified in advance.
Article 18 (Management for Posts)
① Posts of Members shall not infringe rights such as the copyrights of the third party without prior consent. The Company shall not be responsible for any infringement of copyrights and damages occurred to third parties due to this. If the Posts of Members include any contents violating relevant laws including Act on Information and Communications Network and Copyright Act, etc., right holders may request to suspend posting of the Posts and delete it, and the Company shall take actions.
② The Company may refuse or delete some Posts, if there are some factors to be acknowledged as infringement of rights or the Posts violates any policies of the Company and relevant laws or in case any of the followings Even though there is no request of the right holders specified in preceding paragraph for that, the Company can take the actions. However, the Company has no obligation to review the Posts.
1. In case the Posts put an offense against public order and good morals, or laws. (e.g. obscene or violent contents)
2. In case of damaging others’ reputation
3. In case the Posts maliciously slander and defame the Services or Artists repeatedly
4. In case portrait rights and intellectual property rights are infringed
Article 19(Ownership of rights)
① All rights such as copyrights and intellectual property rights for the Services belongs to the Company. However, the Posts and creative works of the third party provided according to affiliate agreement will be excluded.
② All copyrights and other intellectual property rights for all trademarks, mark, logo, etc. related to the Services such as design of Services, texts, script, graphic, transmission between Members shall be owned by the Company or the Company has ownership or use right pursuant to the laws in Korea and other foreign countries.
③ The Company is non-exclusive and not possible to grant and re-permit regarding the Contents and provides Members right of use limited to purpose using Services. If Members use any Contents with separate service condition, such as usage fees and usage period, the Members shall follow the Separate Terms and Conditions. Even though the Services indicate “purchase”, “Sales” on the screen, Intellectual property right and other rights regarding these Contents provided to Members are not transferred(yielding, etc.) to Members, and only use right is granted to the Members.
④ Members cannot copy, transfer or distribute texts, script or graphic created by the Company between Members or to non-Members in the matter not allowed in the Services except the Contents clearly allowed to do so. This also applies to using, copying, transmitting or distributing information about Members obtained from the Services for profits
Article 20 (Termination of Services agreement, etc.)
① Members can terminate the Services agreement any time through settings screen in the Services.
② The company may terminate the Services agreement in case any of the following reasons occurred to Members.
1. In case Members infringe any rights, honors, credits or legitimate profit of the Company, other Members, Artists or third parties, or commit an offense against Korean laws or public order and good morals
2. In case Members conduct any actions to promote distrust with any unconfirmed facts for goods, etc. sold by the Company
3. In case Members conduct actions or try to interrupt smooth operation of Services provided by the Company
4. In case it is determined that refusal of providing Services is necessary based on reasonable judgment of the Company
③ The Services agreement will be terminated when the Company notifies the Member of the intention of termination. In this case, the Company notifies the intention of termination to the Member through email or other methods registered by the Member.
④ If the Services agreement is terminated, following information will be deleted, and not restored when signing up again.
1. My profile information: profile picture, name, message and etc.
2. Account: Services Account (email address)
3. List of friends: bubble friends, recommended friends
4. Purchases: Purchased items/products, etc.
5. Message: Conversations, etc.
6. Contents related to Optional Service: Conversations, contents, etc. provided by the Optional Service.
7. All other information saved in devices by users
Article 21 (Restriction on use, etc.)
① If any Members do not use Services for more than one year, the Company may separately store the information of the Members and converts the Accounts into inactive accounts to restrict use or withdraw the Members who do not use Account.
② The Company may restrict usage of Services by steps such as warning, temporary suspension and permanent suspension if Members fall under any of the following cases.
1. In case false information is registered when applying membership
2. In case a Member undermines the order of electronic commerce by interrupting others to use the Services or illegally using information, etc.
3. In case a Member conduct actions prohibited by any regulations of the Company such as these terms and conditions, Separate terms and conditions, operation policy or commits an offense against relevant laws. public order and good morals
4. In case Members pay the amount less than normal price by fabricating payment information when purchasing Paid Services
5. In case Members indiscriminately repeat purchases and refunds
6. The cases of injustice or the commission of other illegal acts.
③ Despite of the preceding paragraph, the Company may suspend Accounts permanently if the company founds illegal use of other's name and payment information that violates Resident Registration Act, or illegal communication, hacking or distribution of malicious programs that violate the Copyright Act and the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization. If any Accounts are permanently suspended according to this paragraph, all kinds of benefits also disappear, and the Company will not compensate this.
④ If names used in the Services by Members cause an offense against public moral or traditional custom or it may be confused with the Company or any operator of the Company, using such name may be restricted.
⑤ If using the Services are permanently suspended or terminated by the Company according to this Article, the registration of membership will be erased after retaining information necessary to identify Members for certain retention period. In this case, Members will be notified according to Article 11(Notification to Members) and given an opportunity to explain before erasing the registration of membership. At this time, if the Company accepts that such objections raised by the Members are reasonable, the Company shall resume the Members to use the Services again.
Article 22 (Limitation of liability)
① If the Company cannot provide the Services due to any force majeure such as war, incident, emergency or any technical defect not soluble by current technology, it is exempted from liability.
② The Company disclaims any responsibilities on reliability and accuracy of information, material and fact posted in relation to the Services.
③ The Company is exempted from liability on the transactions between Members or between Members and any third parties through the Services.
④ The Company disclaims responsibility for the usage of free Services unless there is intention or gross negligence to the Company.
⑤ The Company has no obligation to monitor the contents and quality of products or goods advertised through Services screen or linked websites by third parties.
⑥ The Company shall not be liable for the failure or loss of the expected benefit of the Member from the use of the Services.
⑦ The Company and the officers and employees, and agents of the Company disclaims any responsibilities for the following damages of the Members.
1. Damages from false or inaccurate information about Members
2. Personal damage occurred from the connection to Services and usage of the Services regardless of the nature or details
3. Damages occurred from any kinds of illegal connection or usage of server by any third parties
4. Damages occurred from all kinds of illegal interruption or discontinuing activities by third parties against transmission to or from the server
5. Damages occurred from all kinds of viruses, spywares and other malicious programs illegally transmitted, distributed(regardless of whether it is direct/undirect) through the Services by third parties
6. Damages occurred from error, omission, missing or destruction of transferred data
7. Various civil/criminal liabilities incurred from defamation of character or other illegal activities between Members in the course of registering or using the Services
Article 23 (Overseas usage)
The Company does not guarantee the quality or availability of Services if any Members try to use the Services out of the territory of Korea. Therefore, if any Members wish to use the Services out of the territory of Korea, they shall determine whether to use the Services or not upon their judgment and responsibilities. In particular, the Members shall be responsible for observing local laws and regulations in the course of using the Services.
Article 24 (Governing laws and jurisdiction)
These terms and conditions are regulated and interpreted by Korean laws, and if any disputes regarding these Services occur between the Company and Members and it turns into lawsuit, the court designated in the procedure pursuant to Civil Procedure Act.
Appendix
Enforcement Date: January. 13, 2025
Previous Terms of Service
                
                ▷
OK
OK
OK
Cancel
OK