Privacy Policy
VNDLK Team
2024-09-25T11:44:01+02:00
1. INTRODUCTION
Thanks for visiting VANDALEAK.COM (“Website” or a “Service”) and / or downloading the VANDALEAK
APP (an “App Service”, and jointly with the Website, the “Services”) by Biokip Labs (hereafter, “Biokip”,
“us”, “we”, “our”). We built the App Service as a free and Ad Supported App with an in app purchase
option. The App Service is provided by Biokip at no cost and is intended for use as is.
Biokip is the controller and is responsible for your personal data. Our full contact details are as follows:
Full name of legal entity: Biokip Labs srl
Email address:
vandaleak.official@gmail.com
Postal address: Via Donizetti 1, Milan 20122, Italy
This Privacy Policy explains the following to visitors and users of our Services:
– the way we collect personal data and why we do so;
– how we use your personal data;
– how we safeguard your personal data;
– how we disclose your personal data, and
– the choices you have about your personal data.
The Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the
collection and use of information in relation to this Privacy Policy. The Personal Information (as defined
elsewhere in this Privacy Policy) that we collect is used for providing and improving the Services. We will
not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Our Terms of
Service (“Terms”) govern all use of our Services and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your
agreement with us (“Agreements”).
2. AMENDMENTS TO POLICY
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review. We will notify any changes made to the Privacy Policy
on the Website and the App Service, by posting a notice in the Services’ News area before the date on
which such changes become effective. Therefore, you are advised to review the Services’ News
periodically.
Once the amended Privacy Policy is posted on the Terms of Service area in the Services, it has taken
effect. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy
Policy.
It is important that any data we hold for you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your
personal data changes during our relationship with you.
3. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
To ensure that you have the best experience while using our Services, we may require you to provide us
with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to username, country of
residence, and uploaded images (the “Personal Information”). It does not cover information which cannot
be used to identify you. The Personal Information that we request will be retained by us and used as
described in this Privacy Policy.
4. MINORS
Services are intended only for access and use by individuals of at least 13 years of age. Therefore, we
do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information about or direct or target interest-based advertising
to anyone who is under the age of 13 or is otherwise considered to be a minor according to the
applicable laws (a “Minor”), or knowingly allow such persons to have access to or use the Services. If
you are a Minor, please do not send any Personal Information about yourself to us, including your user
name or country of residence. No one who is a Minor may provide any Personal Information. If you
become aware that a Minor has provided us with their Personal Information, please contact us. If we
become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a Minor without verification of parental
consent, we will immediately take steps to remove that information from our servers.
5. THIRD PARTY COMPANIES’ USE OF INFORMATION
We use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Furthermore, we may also
employ third party entities and / or individuals to facilitate our Services, provide Services on our behalf,
perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Services are used (“Service
Providers”).
Service Providers have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf
and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. They operate under their own terms and
conditions and privacy policies, so we suggest you refer to their respective websites.
We use the services of the following Service Providers:
–
Google Analytics for Firebase
;
–
Unity
;
–
ADMOB
;
–
Google Play Services
;
–
Apple store
;
–
Huawei App Gallery
;
–
Galaxy store
;
– and other respective application stores for each device.
6. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information in two main ways:
(I) you provide some data directly (such as by creating a user account), and
(II) we record some of it automatically
(I) Data you provide us:
– user name,
– country of residence,
– images of your work and
– if applicable, inquiries and emails to the Services or Biokip.
(II) Data we collect automatically:
– device associated user data,
– data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (please refer to below),
– data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language,
– general location data, and
– data about your use of the Service
7. WHY WE COLLECT THESE INFORMATION
We use the collected data for various purposes:
7.1
to provide and maintain our Services;
7.2
to notify you about changes to our Services;
7.3
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services when you choose to do so;
7.4
to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Services;
7.5
to monitor the usage of our Services;
7.6
to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
7.7
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
7.8
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into
between you and us, including for billing and collection;
7.9
to provide you with notices about your user account, email-instructions, updates etc.;
7.10
to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and
events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already enquired about unless you
have opted not to receive such information;
7.11
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
7.12
for any other purpose with your consent.
8. HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE
We protect your information in many different ways. These includes staff training, investing in technology
and following strict handling and storing procedures. We maintain appropriate organisational and
technological safeguards to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure,
alteration, or destruction of the information we hold about you. We also seek to ensure that our Service
Providers do the same. Unfortunately, no system can be guaranteed as completely secure and there is
an inherent risk in transmitting information over the internet. It may be possible for an unrelated party to
intercept or access such transmissions unlawfully. If you believe that your personal information under our
control has been compromised, including access to your User account, please contact us immediately at
the following:
vandaleak.official@gmail.com
9. HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We keep your Personal Information for as long as we need to provide the Services to you and fulfill
the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. When your User account is deleted your information is too.
When we delete your Personal Information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal
or regulatory obligations, we will remove it from our systems. When removing your Personal Information,
we will take commercially reasonable and technically feasible measures to make said Personal
Information irrecoverable and irreproducible.
10. WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
To combat fraud, spamming, phishing and other fraudulent or criminal acts we may disclose Personal
Information that we collect, or you provide:
10.1 Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Information if required to do
so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.
10.2 Business Transaction.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Information
may be transferred.
10.3 Other cases.
We may disclose your information also:
– to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
– to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, and
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Biokip, our
customers, or others.
11. PAYMENTS
In the Services we provide “real world” money paid products in the VNDLK GARAGE. In this case,
we use third-party services for payment processing (“Payment Processors”). We will not store or
collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our Payment Processors
whose use of your Personal Information is governed by their privacy policy. For further information
please refer to the respective websites of Payment Processors such as the following:
–
Google Play Services;
–
Apple store
;
–
Huawei App Gallery
;
–
Galaxy store
;
– and other respective application stores for each device.
12. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Services may, from time to time, contain links to third party web sites or services. Please note that
Biokip has no ownership or control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies,
or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these
entities/individuals or their websites.
13. YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your Personal Information in an electronic form. You also
have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object to how we use or share your data, and
restrict how we use or share your data. If certain personal data is processed based on consent given by
you, such consent can also be withdrawn by you at any time, by contacting
vandaleak.official@gmail.com
.
14. COOKIES
Some of our Service Providers, such as for example, Google Analytics for Firebase and ADMOB, use
cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Services and they hold certain
information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies
are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and
analyze our Services.
The Service Providers collect information in accordance with their own privacy policies. Please check
these policies before you submit any information to these websites or use the Services.
15. CONTACT
If you have any inquiries regarding the Privacy Policy do not hesitate to contact us and please send an
email titled “Privacy Policy” to
vandaleak.official@gmail.com
.