Privacy Policy
Introduction
HOTSALES GLOBAL TRADE LLC
and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as "
HOTSALES
" or "we") respect and protect the privacy of all users of
HOTSALES
services. When you use our services, we may collect and use your information, and we hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we collect, store, protect and use your personal information, as well as clearly introduce you to our handling of your personal information. This Privacy Policy is closely related to your use of
HOTSALES
services, so we recommend that you read it in its entirety to help you better protect your privacy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through the contact information published on our platform. If you do not agree to any content of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using our services. By using any of the services we provide, you consent to our lawful use and protection of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
S
cope of application
This Privacy Policy applies to all services we provide. It is applicable to your visit to our platform, website, and/or login on related devices using our services.
It should be noted that this Privacy Policy does not apply to services provided to you by third parties. For example, when a third party provides services to you on our platform, the personal information you provide to the third party does not apply to the Privacy Policy. We do not assume any responsibility for the usage of information you provide to any third party.
How we collect information
When we provide services, we may collect, store, and use the following information related to you in order to provide you with a better and more personalized service. We collect information in the following ways:
1. Information you provide
The information you fill in and/or submit when you register your account and/or use and pay for the related services we provide, including your name, gender, nationality, language, occupation, education, age, ID number, telephone number, email address, address, interests, payment account and additional relevant information (such as your state and city, postal code, etc.).
The shared information that you provide to other parties through our services and the information you store when using our services.
2. Information collected during your use of our services.
In order to provide and optimize the services you need, we may collect information about your use of the services, including:
1) when you use our services or visit the web pages of our platform, we will automatically receive and record the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware features, and browsing history you require. If you download or use client software of our company or its affiliates, or visit mobile web pages to use our platform services, we may read information related to your location and mobile device, including but not limited to device model, device identification number, operating system, resolution, telecom operator, etc.;
2) log information. This refers to the technical information that may be automatically collected by the system through cookies, web beacons or other means when you use our services to determine your country and language;
3) information that you search or browse when using our service, such as the web search terms you use, the URL of social media pages you visit, and other information and content details you browse or request to provide when using our service;
4) information about your use of our mobile apps and other software, and information about your use of such mobile apps and software;
5) the information you send through our services, such as telecommunication account number, as well as the message time, data and duration;
6) the information (metadata) contained in the content you share through our service, such as the date, time and place of shooting or recording;
Our cookies do not collect additional information on your computer's browser or hard drive. Most browsers have the option to refuse to store data on your computer to cookies. You may modify your acceptance of cookies or refuse our cookies, however, we do not recommend you to do so, as this may affect your safe access to our related websites and services under certain circumstances.
How we use information
Since we collect your information for the purpose of providing you with services and improving the quality of services, we may use your information for the following purposes:
1) provide you with the services you use, and design, maintain, and improve these services;
2) when we provide services, your information is used for authentication, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving, and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
3) analyze your use of our services, so that we can better understand how you access and use our services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language setting, location setting, personalized help and instructions, or to respond to you and other users in other areas;
4) when you use our services, we may use your information to send email, news or push notifications to your device. If you do not want to receive this information, you can choose to unsubscribe on the device by following related prompts;
5) recommend to you content that you may be interested in, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or showing you personalized third-party promotion information through the system, or sharing information with our partners with your consent so that they can send you information about their products and services;
6) software certification or management software upgrades;
7) provide you with ads that are more relevant to you in place of the ads that are generally placed;
8) allow you to participate in surveys of our products and services, or participate in promotion and giveaway activities;
9) other uses with your consent.
IV
.
How we share information
We will not sell or rent any of your information. We will only share your information with a third party under the following circumstances:
1) having obtained your prior consent or authorization;
2) according to the provisions of laws and regulations or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies;
3) to share your personal information with our affiliates;
4) to provide your personal information to trusted partners for them to process for us according to our instructions and in accordance with our Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures;
5) if you are a qualified complainant of intellectual property rights and have filed a legal case, you shall, at the request of the respondent, disclose the matter to the respondent so that the parties can resolve any possible rights disputes;
6) if providing the service you request can only be done by sharing information you have provided, or to handle your disputes or disputes with others. For example, in a transaction created by you on our platform, if either party performs or partially performs its transaction obligations and a request is made for information disclosure, we will provide the user with the contact information of the other party and other necessary information as the case may be, so as to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.
7) if you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or our relevant agreements or rules and it is necessary to disclose to a third party;
8) to find, prevent or deal with fraud, security or technical problems;
9) in case of emergency, to safeguard the interests of users and the public;
10) to protect legitimate rights and interests of our company and our affiliates or users.
V
.
How we protect your personal information
In order to ensure the security of your information, we strive to take all reasonable physical, electronic, and management security measures to protect your information, so that your information will not be leaked, damaged or lost, including but not limited to SSL, information encryption storage, and data center access control. We also take strict management measures for employees or outsourcing personnel who may have access to your information, including but not limited to different authority controls for different positions, signing confidentiality agreements with related personnel, monitoring their operation, and other measures. We will provide appropriate security measures based on existing technology to protect your information, to provide reasonable security protection, doing our best to ensure that your information will not be leaked, damaged or lost.
Your account is securely protected; please save your account and password information. We will ensure that your information is not lost, misused or altered through security measures such as backup to other servers and encryption of user passwords. In spite of the above security measures, it should be understood that there are no fail-proof security measures for network information.
When using our platform services for online transactions, you will necessarily have to disclose your personal information, such as bank account information, contact information or postal address, to another party. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find your personal information leaked, especially your account and password information, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures.
VI
.
Protection of minors
We encourage parents or legal guardians (hereinafter referred to as "guardians") to guide minors under the age of 18 to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage their guardians to read this Privacy Policy and that minors seek their guardians' consent and guidance before submitting personal information.
HOTSALES
will establish and maintain reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality and security of minors' personal data.
VII
.
C
hange
We may, in due course, amend the terms of this Privacy Policy as part of this policy. If such amendments should affect your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or other means prominently on the platform. If you continue to use our services in that case, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
档铺网——在线文档免费处理