Datenschutz / Disclaimer
Go to english version
Datenschutz / Disclaimer
GO TO ENGLISH VERSION
Stand Sept 2022
I. Name und Anschrift des Verantwortlichen
Der Verantwortliche im Sinne der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und anderer nationaler Datenschutzgesetze der Mitgliedsstaaten sowie sonstiger datenschutzrechtlicher Bestimmungen ist die:
novel gmbh
Ismaninger Str. 51
81675 München
Tel.: +49 (89) 417767-0
E-Mail: novel@novel.de
Website: www.novel.de
II. Allgemeines zur Datenverarbeitung
1. Umfang der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten unserer Nutzer grundsätzlich nur, soweit dies zur Bereitstellung einer funktionsfähigen Website sowie unserer Inhalte und Leistungen erforderlich ist. Die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten unserer Nutzer erfolgt regelmäßig nur nach Einwilligung des Nutzers. Eine Ausnahme gilt in solchen Fällen, in denen eine vorherige Einholung einer Einwilligung aus tatsächlichen Gründen nicht möglich ist und die Verarbeitung der Daten durch gesetzliche Vorschriften gestattet ist.
2. Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Soweit wir für Verarbeitungsvorgänge personenbezogener Daten eine Einwilligung der betroffenen Person einholen, dient Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung (DSGVO) als Rechtsgrundlage. Bei der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die zur Erfüllung eines Vertrages, dessen Vertragspartei die betroffene Person ist, erforderlich ist, dient Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO als Rechtsgrundlage. Dies gilt auch für Verarbeitungsvorgänge, die zur Durchführung vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen erforderlich sind. Soweit eine Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung erforderlich ist, der unser Unternehmen unterliegt, dient Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. c DSGVO als Rechtsgrundlage. Für den Fall, dass lebenswichtige Interessen der betroffenen Person oder einer anderen natürlichen Person eine Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten erforderlich machen, dient Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. d DSGVO als Rechtsgrundlage. Ist die Verarbeitung zur Wahrung eines berechtigten Interesses unseres Unternehmens oder eines Dritten erforderlich und überwiegen die Interessen, Grundrechte und Grundfreiheiten des Betroffenen das erstgenannte Interesse nicht, so dient Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO als Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung.
3. Datenlöschung und Speicherdauer
Die personenbezogenen Daten der betroffenen Person werden gelöscht oder gesperrt, sobald der Zweck der Speicherung entfällt. Eine Speicherung kann darüber hinaus erfolgen, wenn dies durch den europäischen oder nationalen Gesetzgeber in unionsrechtlichen Verordnungen, Gesetzen oder sonstigen Vorschriften, denen der Verantwortliche unterliegt, vorgesehen wurde. Eine Sperrung oder Löschung der Daten erfolgt auch dann, wenn eine durch die genannten Normen vorgeschriebene Speicherfrist abläuft, es sei denn, dass eine Erforderlichkeit zur weiteren Speicherung der Daten für einen Vertragsabschluss oder eine Vertragserfüllung besteht.
III. Bereitstellung der Website, der Apps (loadapp, loadsol, loadsol-s) und Erstellung von Logfiles
1. Beschreibung und Umfang der Datenverarbeitung
Bei jedem Aufruf unserer Internetseite erfasst unser System automatisiert Daten und Informationen vom Computersystem des aufrufenden Rechners.
Folgende Daten werden hierbei erhoben:
(1) Informationen über den Browsertyp und die verwendete Version
(2) Das Betriebssystem des Nutzers
(3) Den Internet-Service-Provider des Nutzers
(4) Die IP-Adresse des Nutzers
(5) Datum und Uhrzeit des Zugriffs
(6) Websites, von denen das System des Nutzers auf unsere Internetseite gelangt
(7) Websites, die vom System des Nutzers über unsere Website aufgerufen werden
Die Daten werden ebenfalls in den Logfiles unseres Systems gespeichert. Eine Speicherung dieser Daten zusammen mit anderen personenbezogenen Daten des Nutzers findet nicht statt.
Es werden folgende Daten von Ihnen durch die Nutzung unserer Apps und der dazugehören Services erfasst:
– Standortbezogene Daten, sofern Sie Ihr GPS-Signal eingeschaltet haben.
– Es werden verschiedene Informationen über Ihr Gerät erfasst: Zugangszeit, eine Geräte ID zur eindeutigen Identifikation Ihres Gerätes, Informationen über die verwendete Sprache, Name und Model Ihres Gerätes, Betriebssystem, Nutzungsdauer der Loadsol, loadapp oder loadpad-App.
– Sofern Sie sich ein Konto in einer Loadsol, loadapp oder loadpad-App anlegen, wird Ihr Benutzername und alle eingegebene persönlichen Informationen gespeichert.
– Alle Inhalte, die Sie in der Loadsol, loadapp oder loadpad-App zur Verfügung stellen oder über Novel GmbH übertragen (zB Trainingszustand, Größe, Gewicht). Außerdem die Information darüber, wann Sie diese Inhalte eingestellt haben, wann diese angeschaut wurden und weitere Aktivitäten.
– Daten aus peripheren Sensoren (zB. Kraftdaten, Beschleunigungsdaten, biomechanische Parameter), sofern Sie diese verwenden.
Im Allgemeinen nutzen wir die erfassten Informationen um unseren Service betreiben und anbieten zu können unseren Nutzern einen umfangreichen Mehrwert, Kundenservice und technischen Support bieten zu können. In einigen Fällen können die erfassten Informationen auch dazu genutzt werden,
– um neue Informationen (zB. Messungen, Kalibrationen, etc.) zu erstellen, die wir Ihnen zeigen oder zusenden, Push-Nachrichten zu schicken oder um anderweitig Ihr Nutzererlebnis zu verbessern.
– um Sie zu benachrichtigen.
– um unser Verständnis darüber zu verbessern, wie Nutzer Zugang zu Novel GmbH bekommen, wie Nutzer Novel GmbH tatsächlich verwenden, etc…
Dies dient dazu unseren Service kontinuierlich zu verbessern, auf Wünsche von Nutzern eingehen zu können und weitere Analysen durchführen zu können.
Bei der Nutzung dieser allgemeinen Daten und Informationen zieht die Novel GmbH keine Rückschlüsse auf die betroffene Person. Diese Informationen werden vielmehr benötigt, um (1) die Inhalte unserer Internetseite und der Apps korrekt auszuliefern, (2) die Inhalte unserer Internetseite sowie die Werbung für diese zu optimieren, (3) die dauerhafte Funktionsfähigkeit unserer informationstechnologischen Systeme und der Technik unserer Internetseite und Apps zu gewährleisten sowie (4) um Strafverfolgungsbehörden im Falle eines Cyberangriffes die zur Strafverfolgung notwendigen Informationen bereitzustellen. Diese anonym erhobenen Daten und Informationen werden durch die Novel GmbH daher einerseits statistisch und ferner mit dem Ziel ausgewertet, den Datenschutz und die Datensicherheit in unserem Unternehmen zu erhöhen, um letztlich ein optimales Schutzniveau für die von uns verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten sicherzustellen. Die anonymen Daten der Server-Logfiles werden getrennt von allen durch eine betroffene Person angegebenen personenbezogenen Daten gespeichert.
loadsol-s und loadapp
Unsere App hilft Ihnen, Daten mit unseren Sensoren zu sammeln. Ihre Daten sind für uns nicht zugänglich. Unsere App kann sich mit Ihrem Cloud-Dienst (z.B. Google Drive oder iCloud) verbinden und Ihre Messungen speichern. Um die Cloud-Speicherung Ihrer Daten zu ermöglichen, müssen Sie die Verbindung zwischen Ihrem Gerät, der App und dem Cloud-Anbieter aktivieren. Die App wird nur auf Ihre Messdaten zugreifen.
Translated with DeepL
2. Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung
Rechtsgrundlage für die vorübergehende Speicherung der Daten und der Logfiles ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
3. Zweck der Datenverarbeitung
Die vorübergehende Speicherung der IP-Adresse durch das System ist notwendig, um eine Auslieferung der Website an den Rechner des Nutzers zu ermöglichen. Hierfür muss die IP-Adresse des Nutzers für die Dauer der Sitzung gespeichert bleiben.
Die Speicherung in Logfiles erfolgt, um die Funktionsfähigkeit der Website sicherzustellen. Zudem dienen uns die Daten zur Optimierung der Website und zur Sicherstellung der Sicherheit unserer informationstechnischen Systeme. Eine Auswertung der Daten zu Marketingzwecken findet in diesem Zusammenhang nicht statt.
In diesen Zwecken liegt auch unser berechtigtes Interesse an der Datenverarbeitung nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
4. Dauer der Speicherung
Die Daten werden gelöscht, sobald sie für die Erreichung des Zweckes ihrer Erhebung nicht mehr erforderlich sind. Im Falle der Erfassung der Daten zur Bereitstellung der Website ist dies der Fall, wenn die jeweilige Sitzung beendet ist.
Im Falle der Speicherung der Daten in Logfiles ist dies nach spätestens sieben Tagen der Fall. Eine darüberhinausgehende Speicherung ist möglich. In diesem Fall werden die IP-Adressen der Nutzer gelöscht oder verfremdet, sodass eine Zuordnung des aufrufenden Clients nicht mehr möglich ist.
5. Widerspruchs- und Beseitigungsmöglichkeit
Die Erfassung der Daten zur Bereitstellung der Website und die Speicherung der Daten in Logfiles ist für den Betrieb der Internetseite zwingend erforderlich. Es besteht folglich seitens des Nutzers keine Widerspruchsmöglichkeit.
IV. Verwendung von Cookies
a) Beschreibung und Umfang der Datenverarbeitung
Unsere Webseite verwendet Cookies. Bei Cookies handelt es sich um Textdateien, die im Internetbrowser bzw. vom Internetbrowser auf dem Computersystem des Nutzers gespeichert werden. Ruft ein Nutzer eine Website auf, so kann ein Cookie auf dem Betriebssystem des Nutzers gespeichert werden. Dieser Cookie enthält eine charakteristische Zeichenfolge, die eine eindeutige Identifizierung des Browsers beim erneuten Aufrufen der Website ermöglicht.
Wir setzen Cookies ein, um unsere Website nutzerfreundlicher zu gestalten. Einige Elemente unserer Internetseite erfordern es, dass der aufrufende Browser auch nach einem Seitenwechsel identifiziert werden kann.
In den Cookies werden dabei folgende Daten gespeichert und übermittelt:
(1) Spracheinstellungen
(2) Artikel in einem Warenkorb
b) Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung
Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten unter Verwendung von Cookies ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
c) Zweck der Datenverarbeitung
Der Zweck der Verwendung technisch notwendiger Cookies ist, die Nutzung von Websites für die Nutzer zu vereinfachen. Einige Funktionen unserer Internetseite können ohne den Einsatz von Cookies nicht angeboten werden. Für diese ist es erforderlich, dass der Browser auch nach einem Seitenwechsel wiedererkannt wird.
Für folgende Anwendungen benötigen wir Cookies:
(1) Spracheinstellungen
(2) Warenkorb
Die durch technisch notwendige Cookies erhobenen Nutzerdaten werden nicht zur Erstellung von Nutzerprofilen verwendet.
e) Dauer der Speicherung, Widerspruchs- und Beseitigungsmöglichkeit
Cookies werden auf dem Rechner des Nutzers gespeichert und von diesem an unserer Seite übermittelt. Daher haben Sie als Nutzer auch die volle Kontrolle über die Verwendung von Cookies. Durch eine Änderung der Einstellungen in Ihrem Internetbrowser können Sie die Übertragung von Cookies deaktivieren oder einschränken. Bereits gespeicherte Cookies können jederzeit gelöscht werden. Dies kann auch automatisiert erfolgen. Werden Cookies für unsere Website deaktiviert, können möglicherweise nicht mehr alle Funktionen der Website vollumfänglich genutzt werden.
Die Übermittlung von Flash-Cookies lässt sich nicht über die Einstellungen des Browsers, jedoch durch Änderungen der Einstellung des Flash Players unterbinden.
V. Datenschutzbestimmungen zu Einsatz und Verwendung von Facebook
Der für die Verarbeitung Verantwortliche hat auf dieser Internetseite Komponenten des Unternehmens Facebook integriert. Facebook ist ein soziales Netzwerk.
Ein soziales Netzwerk ist ein im Internet betriebener sozialer Treffpunkt, eine Online-Gemeinschaft, die es den Nutzern in der Regel ermöglicht, untereinander zu kommunizieren und im virtuellen Raum zu interagieren. Ein soziales Netzwerk kann als Plattform zum Austausch von Meinungen und Erfahrungen dienen oder ermöglicht es der Internetgemeinschaft, persönliche oder unternehmensbezogene Informationen bereitzustellen. Facebook ermöglicht den Nutzern des sozialen Netzwerkes unter anderem die Erstellung von privaten Profilen, den Upload von Fotos und eine Vernetzung über Freundschaftsanfragen.
Betreibergesellschaft von Facebook ist die Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. Für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten Verantwortlicher ist, wenn eine betroffene Person außerhalb der USA oder Kanada lebt, die Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Durch jeden Aufruf einer der Einzelseiten dieser Internetseite, die durch den für die Verarbeitung Verantwortlichen betrieben wird und auf welcher eine Facebook-Komponente (Facebook-Plug-In) integriert wurde, wird der Internetbrowser auf dem informationstechnologischen System der betroffenen Person automatisch durch die jeweilige Facebook-Komponente veranlasst, eine Darstellung der entsprechenden Facebook-Komponente von Facebook herunterzuladen. Eine Gesamtübersicht über alle Facebook-Plug-Ins kann unter https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/?locale=de_DE abgerufen werden. Im Rahmen dieses technischen Verfahrens erhält Facebook Kenntnis darüber, welche konkrete Unterseite unserer Internetseite durch die betroffene Person besucht wird.
Sofern die betroffene Person gleichzeitig bei Facebook eingeloggt ist, erkennt Facebook mit jedem Aufruf unserer Internetseite durch die betroffene Person und während der gesamten Dauer des jeweiligen Aufenthaltes auf unserer Internetseite, welche konkrete Unterseite unserer Internetseite die betroffene Person besucht. Diese Informationen werden durch die Facebook-Komponente gesammelt und durch Facebook dem jeweiligen Facebook-Account der betroffenen Person zugeordnet. Betätigt die betroffene Person einen der auf unserer Internetseite integrierten Facebook-Buttons, beispielsweise den „Gefällt mir“-Button, oder gibt die betroffene Person einen Kommentar ab, ordnet Facebook diese Information dem persönlichen Facebook-Benutzerkonto der betroffenen Person zu und speichert diese personenbezogenen Daten.
Facebook erhält über die Facebook-Komponente immer dann eine Information darüber, dass die betroffene Person unsere Internetseite besucht hat, wenn die betroffene Person zum Zeitpunkt des Aufrufs unserer Internetseite gleichzeitig bei Facebook eingeloggt ist; dies findet unabhängig davon statt, ob die betroffene Person die Facebook-Komponente anklickt oder nicht. Ist eine derartige Übermittlung dieser Informationen an Facebook von der betroffenen Person nicht gewollt, kann diese die Übermittlung dadurch verhindern, dass sie sich vor einem Aufruf unserer Internetseite aus ihrem Facebook-Account ausloggt.
Die von Facebook veröffentlichte Datenrichtlinie, die unter https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/ abrufbar ist, gibt Aufschluss über die Erhebung, Verarbeitung und Nutzung personenbezogener Daten durch Facebook. Ferner wird dort erläutert, welche Einstellungsmöglichkeiten Facebook zum Schutz der Privatsphäre der betroffenen Person bietet. Zudem sind unterschiedliche Applikationen erhältlich, die es ermöglichen, eine Datenübermittlung an Facebook zu unterdrücken. Solche Applikationen können durch die betroffene Person genutzt werden, um eine Datenübermittlung an Facebook zu unterdrücken.
VI. Datenschutzbestimmungen zu Einsatz und Verwendung von YouTube
Der für die Verarbeitung Verantwortliche hat auf dieser Internetseite Komponenten von YouTube integriert. YouTube ist ein Internet-Videoportal, dass Video-Publishern das kostenlose Einstellen von Videoclips und anderen Nutzern die ebenfalls kostenfreie Betrachtung, Bewertung und Kommentierung dieser ermöglicht. YouTube gestattet die Publikation aller Arten von Videos, weshalb sowohl komplette Film- und Fernsehsendungen, aber auch Musikvideos, Trailer oder von Nutzern selbst angefertigte Videos über das Internetportal abrufbar sind.
Betreibergesellschaft von YouTube ist die YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. Die YouTube, LLC ist einer Tochtergesellschaft der Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
Durch jeden Aufruf einer der Einzelseiten dieser Internetseite, die durch den für die Verarbeitung Verantwortlichen betrieben wird und auf welcher eine YouTube-Komponente (YouTube-Video) integriert wurde, wird der Internetbrowser auf dem informationstechnologischen System der betroffenen Person automatisch durch die jeweilige YouTube-Komponente veranlasst, eine Darstellung der entsprechenden YouTube-Komponente von YouTube herunterzuladen. Weitere Informationen zu YouTube können unter https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/de/ abgerufen werden. Im Rahmen dieses technischen Verfahrens erhalten YouTube und Google Kenntnis darüber, welche konkrete Unterseite unserer Internetseite durch die betroffene Person besucht wird.
Sofern die betroffene Person gleichzeitig bei YouTube eingeloggt ist, erkennt YouTube mit dem Aufruf einer Unterseite, die ein YouTube-Video enthält, welche konkrete Unterseite unserer Internetseite die betroffene Person besucht. Diese Informationen werden durch YouTube und Google gesammelt und dem jeweiligen YouTube-Account der betroffenen Person zugeordnet.
YouTube und Google erhalten über die YouTube-Komponente immer dann eine Information darüber, dass die betroffene Person unsere Internetseite besucht hat, wenn die betroffene Person zum Zeitpunkt des Aufrufs unserer Internetseite gleichzeitig bei YouTube eingeloggt ist; dies findet unabhängig davon statt, ob die betroffene Person ein YouTube-Video anklickt oder nicht. Ist eine derartige Übermittlung dieser Informationen an YouTube und Google von der betroffenen Person nicht gewollt, kann diese die Übermittlung dadurch verhindern, dass sie sich vor einem Aufruf unserer Internetseite aus ihrem YouTube-Account ausloggt.
Die von YouTube veröffentlichten Datenschutzbestimmungen, die unter https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ abrufbar sind, geben Aufschluss über die Erhebung, Verarbeitung und Nutzung personenbezogener Daten durch YouTube und Google.
VII. Kontaktformular und E-Mail-Kontakt
1. Beschreibung und Umfang der Datenverarbeitung
Die Internetseite der novel gmbh enthält aufgrund von gesetzlichen Vorschriften Angaben, die eine schnelle elektronische Kontaktaufnahme zu unserem Unternehmen sowie eine unmittelbare Kommunikation mit uns ermöglichen, was ebenfalls eine allgemeine Adresse der sogenannten elektronischen Post (E-Mail-Adresse) umfasst.
Sofern eine betroffene Person per E-Mail oder über ein Kontaktformular den Kontakt mit dem für die Verarbeitung Verantwortlichen aufnimmt, werden die von der betroffenen Person übermittelten personenbezogenen Daten automatisch gespeichert. Solche auf freiwilliger Basis von einer betroffenen Person an den für die Verarbeitung Verantwortlichen übermittelten personenbezogenen Daten werden für Zwecke der Bearbeitung oder der Kontaktaufnahme zur betroffenen Person gespeichert. Es erfolgt keine Weitergabe dieser personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte
Alternativ ist eine Kontaktaufnahme über die bereitgestellte E-Mail-Adresse möglich. In diesem Fall werden die mit der E-Mail übermittelten personenbezogenen Daten des Nutzers gespeichert.
Es erfolgt in diesem Zusammenhang keine Weitergabe der Daten an Dritte. Die Daten werden ausschließlich für die Verarbeitung der Konversation verwendet.
2. Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung
Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung der Daten ist bei Vorliegen einer Einwilligung des Nutzers Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung der Daten, die im Zuge einer Übersendung einer E-Mail übermittelt werden, ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Zielt der E-Mail-Kontakt auf den Abschluss eines Vertrages ab, so ist zusätzliche Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
3. Zweck der Datenverarbeitung
Die Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten aus der Eingabemaske dient uns allein zur Bearbeitung der Kontaktaufnahme. Im Falle einer Kontaktaufnahme per E-Mail liegt hieran auch das erforderliche berechtigte Interesse an der Verarbeitung der Daten.
Die sonstigen während des Absendevorgangs verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten dienen dazu, einen Missbrauch des Kontaktformulars zu verhindern und die Sicherheit unserer informationstechnischen Systeme sicherzustellen.
4. Dauer der Speicherung
Die Daten werden gelöscht, sobald sie für die Erreichung des Zweckes ihrer Erhebung nicht mehr erforderlich sind. Für die personenbezogenen Daten aus der Eingabemaske des Kontaktformulars und diejenigen, die per E-Mail übersandt wurden, ist dies dann der Fall, wenn die jeweilige Konversation mit dem Nutzer beendet ist. Beendet ist die Konversation dann, wenn sich aus den Umständen entnehmen lässt, dass der betroffene Sachverhalt abschließend geklärt ist.
Die während des Absendevorgangs zusätzlich erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten werden spätestens nach einer Frist von sieben Tagen gelöscht.
5. Widerspruchs- und Beseitigungsmöglichkeit
Der Nutzer hat jederzeit die Möglichkeit, seine Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten zu widerrufen. Nimmt der Nutzer per E-Mail Kontakt mit uns auf, so kann er der Speicherung seiner personenbezogenen Daten jederzeit widersprechen. In einem solchen Fall kann die Konversation nicht fortgeführt werden.
Hinterlassen Sie uns einfach eine Nachricht, in der Sie der Datenspeicherung widersprechen.
Alle personenbezogenen Daten, die im Zuge der Kontaktaufnahme gespeichert wurden, werden in diesem Fall gelöscht.
VIII. Rechte der betroffenen Person
Die folgende Auflistung umfasst alle Rechte der Betroffenen nach der DSGVO. Rechte, die für die eigene Webseite keine Relevanz haben, müssen nicht genannt werden. Insoweit kann die Auflistung gekürzt werden.
Werden personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen verarbeitet, sind Sie Betroffener i.S.d. DSGVO und es stehen Ihnen folgende Rechte gegenüber dem Verantwortlichen zu:
1. Auskunftsrecht
Sie können von dem Verantwortlichen eine Bestätigung darüber verlangen, ob personenbezogene Daten, die Sie betreffen, von uns verarbeitet werden.
Liegt eine solche Verarbeitung vor, können Sie von dem Verantwortlichen über folgende Informationen Auskunft verlangen:
(1) die Zwecke, zu denen die personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet werden;
(2) die Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, welche verarbeitet werden;
(4) die geplante Dauer der Speicherung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten oder, falls konkrete Angaben hierzu nicht möglich sind, Kriterien für die Festlegung der Speicherdauer;
(5) das Bestehen eines Rechts auf Berichtigung oder Löschung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten, eines Rechts auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung durch den Verantwortlichen oder eines Widerspruchsrechts gegen diese Verarbeitung;
(6) das Bestehen eines Beschwerderechts bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde;
(7) alle verfügbaren Informationen über die Herkunft der Daten, wenn die personenbezogenen Daten nicht bei der betroffenen Person erhoben werden;
(8) das Bestehen einer automatisierten Entscheidungsfindung einschließlich Profiling gemäß Art. 22 Abs. 1 und 4 DSGVO und – zumindest in diesen Fällen – aussagekräftige Informationen über die involvierte Logik sowie die Tragweite und die angestrebten Auswirkungen einer derartigen Verarbeitung für die betroffene Person.
Ihnen steht das Recht zu, Auskunft darüber zu verlangen, ob die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten in ein Drittland oder an eine internationale Organisation übermittelt werden. In diesem Zusammenhang können Sie verlangen, über die geeigneten Garantien gem. Art. 46 DSGVO im Zusammenhang mit der Übermittlung unterrichtet zu werden.
2. Recht auf Berichtigung
Sie haben ein Recht auf Berichtigung und/oder Vervollständigung gegenüber dem Verantwortlichen, sofern die verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie betreffen, unrichtig oder unvollständig sind. Der Verantwortliche hat die Berichtigung unverzüglich vorzunehmen.
3. Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung
Unter den folgenden Voraussetzungen können Sie die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten verlangen:
(1) wenn Sie die Richtigkeit der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen für eine Dauer bestreiten, die es dem Verantwortlichen ermöglicht, die Richtigkeit der personenbezogenen Daten zu überprüfen;
(2) die Verarbeitung unrechtmäßig ist und Sie die Löschung der personenbezogenen Daten ablehnen und stattdessen die Einschränkung der Nutzung der personenbezogenen Daten verlangen;
(3) der Verantwortliche die personenbezogenen Daten für die Zwecke der Verarbeitung nicht länger benötigt, Sie diese jedoch zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen benötigen, oder
(4) wenn Sie Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung gemäß Art. 21 Abs. 1 DSGVO eingelegt haben und noch nicht feststeht, ob die berechtigten Gründe des Verantwortlichen gegenüber Ihren Gründen überwiegen.
Wurde die Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten eingeschränkt, dürfen diese Daten – von ihrer Speicherung abgesehen – nur mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen oder zum Schutz der Rechte einer anderen natürlichen oder juristischen Person oder aus Gründen eines wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses der Union oder eines Mitgliedstaats verarbeitet werden.
Wurde die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung nach den o.g. Voraussetzungen eingeschränkt, werden Sie von dem Verantwortlichen unterrichtet bevor die Einschränkung aufgehoben wird.
4. Recht auf Löschung
a) Löschungspflicht
Sie können von dem Verantwortlichen verlangen, dass die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten unverzüglich gelöscht werden, und der Verantwortliche ist verpflichtet, diese Daten unverzüglich zu löschen, sofern einer der folgenden Gründe zutrifft:
(1) Die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten sind für die Zwecke, für die sie erhoben oder auf sonstige Weise verarbeitet wurden, nicht mehr notwendig.
(2) Sie widerrufen Ihre Einwilligung, auf die sich die Verarbeitung gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a oder Art. 9 Abs. 2 lit. a DSGVO stützte, und es fehlt an einer anderweitigen Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung.
(3) Sie legen gem. Art. 21 Abs. 1 DSGVO Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung ein und es liegen keine vorrangigen berechtigten Gründe für die Verarbeitung vor, oder Sie legen gem. Art. 21 Abs. 2 DSGVO Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung ein.
(4) Die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten wurden unrechtmäßig verarbeitet.
(5) Die Löschung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten ist zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung nach dem Unionsrecht oder dem Recht der Mitgliedstaaten erforderlich, dem der Verantwortliche unterliegt.
(6) Die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten wurden in Bezug auf angebotene Dienste der Informationsgesellschaft gemäß Art. 8 Abs. 1 DSGVO erhoben.
b) Information an Dritte
Hat der Verantwortliche die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten öffentlich gemacht und ist er gem. Art. 17 Abs. 1 DSGVO zu deren Löschung verpflichtet, so trifft er unter Berücksichtigung der verfügbaren Technologie und der Implementierungskosten angemessene Maßnahmen, auch technischer Art, um für die Datenverarbeitung Verantwortliche, die die personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, darüber zu informieren, dass Sie als betroffene Person von ihnen die Löschung aller Links zu diesen personenbezogenen Daten oder von Kopien oder Replikationen dieser personenbezogenen Daten verlangt haben.
c) Ausnahmen
Das Recht auf Löschung besteht nicht, soweit die Verarbeitung erforderlich ist
(1) zur Ausübung des Rechts auf freie Meinungsäußerung und Information;
(2) zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung, die die Verarbeitung nach dem Recht der Union oder der Mitgliedstaaten, dem der Verantwortliche unterliegt, erfordert, oder zur Wahrnehmung einer Aufgabe, die im öffentlichen Interesse liegt oder in Ausübung öffentlicher Gewalt erfolgt, die dem Verantwortlichen übertragen wurde;
(3) aus Gründen des öffentlichen Interesses im Bereich der öffentlichen Gesundheit gemäß Art. 9 Abs. 2 lit. h und i sowie Art. 9 Abs. 3 DSGVO;
(4) für im öffentlichen Interesse liegende Archivzwecke, wissenschaftliche oder historische Forschungszwecke oder für statistische Zwecke gem. Art. 89 Abs. 1 DSGVO, soweit das unter Abschnitt a) genannte Recht voraussichtlich die Verwirklichung der Ziele dieser Verarbeitung unmöglich macht oder ernsthaft beeinträchtigt, oder
(5) zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen.
5. Recht auf Unterrichtung
Haben Sie das Recht auf Berichtigung, Löschung oder Einschränkung der Verarbeitung gegenüber dem Verantwortlichen geltend gemacht, ist dieser verpflichtet, allen Empfängern, denen die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten offengelegt wurden, diese Berichtigung oder Löschung der Daten oder Einschränkung der Verarbeitung mitzuteilen, es sei denn, dies erweist sich als unmöglich oder ist mit einem unverhältnismäßigen Aufwand verbunden.
Ihnen steht gegenüber dem Verantwortlichen das Recht zu, über diese Empfänger unterrichtet zu werden.
6. Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit
Sie haben das Recht, die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie dem Verantwortlichen bereitgestellt haben, in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format zu erhalten. Außerdem haben Sie das Recht diese Daten einem anderen Verantwortlichen ohne Behinderung durch den Verantwortlichen, dem die personenbezogenen Daten bereitgestellt wurden, zu übermitteln, sofern
(1) die Verarbeitung auf einer Einwilligung gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO oder Art. 9 Abs. 2 lit. a DSGVO oder auf einem Vertrag gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO beruht und
(2) die Verarbeitung mithilfe automatisierter Verfahren erfolgt.
In Ausübung dieses Rechts haben Sie ferner das Recht, zu erwirken, dass die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten direkt von einem Verantwortlichen einem anderen Verantwortlichen übermittelt werden, soweit dies technisch machbar ist. Freiheiten und Rechte anderer Personen dürfen hierdurch nicht beeinträchtigt werden.
Das Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit gilt nicht für eine Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die für die Wahrnehmung einer Aufgabe erforderlich ist, die im öffentlichen Interesse liegt oder in Ausübung öffentlicher Gewalt erfolgt, die dem Verantwortlichen übertragen wurde.
7. Widerspruchsrecht
Sie haben das Recht, aus Gründen, die sich aus ihrer besonderen Situation ergeben, jederzeit gegen die Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten, die aufgrund von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. e oder f DSGVO erfolgt, Widerspruch einzulegen; dies gilt auch für ein auf diese Bestimmungen gestütztes Profiling.
Der Verantwortliche verarbeitet die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten nicht mehr, es sei denn, er kann zwingende schutzwürdige Gründe für die Verarbeitung nachweisen, die Ihre Interessen, Rechte und Freiheiten überwiegen, oder die Verarbeitung dient der Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen.
Werden die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet, um Direktwerbung zu betreiben, haben Sie das Recht, jederzeit Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten zum Zwecke derartiger Werbung einzulegen; dies gilt auch für das Profiling, soweit es mit solcher Direktwerbung in Verbindung steht.
Widersprechen Sie der Verarbeitung für Zwecke der Direktwerbung, so werden die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten nicht mehr für diese Zwecke verarbeitet.
Sie haben die Möglichkeit, im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung von Diensten der Informationsgesellschaft – ungeachtet der Richtlinie 2002/58/EG – Ihr Widerspruchsrecht mittels automatisierter Verfahren auszuüben, bei denen technische Spezifikationen verwendet werden.
8. Recht auf Widerruf der datenschutzrechtlichen Einwilligungserklärung
Sie haben das Recht, Ihre datenschutzrechtliche Einwilligungserklärung jederzeit zu widerrufen. Durch den Widerruf der Einwilligung wird die Rechtmäßigkeit der aufgrund der Einwilligung bis zum Widerruf erfolgten Verarbeitung nicht berührt.
9. Automatisierte Entscheidung im Einzelfall einschließlich Profiling
Sie haben das Recht, nicht einer ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung – einschließlich Profiling – beruhenden Entscheidung unterworfen zu werden, die Ihnen gegenüber rechtliche Wirkung entfaltet oder Sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinträchtigt. Dies gilt nicht, wenn die Entscheidung
(1) für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags zwischen Ihnen und dem Verantwortlichen erforderlich ist,
(2) aufgrund von Rechtsvorschriften der Union oder der Mitgliedstaaten, denen der Verantwortliche unterliegt, zulässig ist und diese Rechtsvorschriften angemessene Maßnahmen zur Wahrung Ihrer Rechte und Freiheiten sowie Ihrer berechtigten Interessen enthalten oder
(3) mit Ihrer ausdrücklichen Einwilligung erfolgt.
Allerdings dürfen diese Entscheidungen nicht auf besonderen Kategorien personenbezogener Daten nach Art. 9 Abs. 1 DSGVO beruhen, sofern nicht Art. 9 Abs. 2 lit. a oder g DSGVO gilt und angemessene Maßnahmen zum Schutz der Rechte und Freiheiten sowie Ihrer berechtigten Interessen getroffen wurden.
Hinsichtlich der in (1) und (3) genannten Fälle trifft der Verantwortliche angemessene Maßnahmen, um die Rechte und Freiheiten sowie Ihre berechtigten Interessen zu wahren, wozu mindestens das Recht auf Erwirkung des Eingreifens einer Person seitens des Verantwortlichen, auf Darlegung des eigenen Standpunkts und auf Anfechtung der Entscheidung gehört.
10. Recht auf Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde
Unbeschadet eines anderweitigen verwaltungsrechtlichen oder gerichtlichen Rechtsbehelfs steht Ihnen das Recht auf Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde, insbesondere in dem Mitgliedstaat ihres Aufenthaltsorts, ihres Arbeitsplatzes oder des Orts des mutmaßlichen Verstoßes, zu, wenn Sie der Ansicht sind, dass die Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten gegen die DSGVO verstößt.
Die Aufsichtsbehörde, bei der die Beschwerde eingereicht wurde, unterrichtet den Beschwerdeführer über den Stand und die Ergebnisse der Beschwerde einschließlich der Möglichkeit eines gerichtlichen Rechtsbehelfs nach Art. 78 DSGVO.
IX. Notiz: Cookies von Drittanbietern (Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager & ZOHO CRM)
Auf novel.de verwenden wir Google Analytics und Google Tag Management auf unserer Website. Wir benötigen sie, um zu verstehen, wie Nutzer mit unserer Website interagieren, damit wir ihr Design und ihre Funktionalität verbessern können.
Diese Daten sind anonymisiert.
Außerdem verwenden wir Zoho CRM, um allgemeine Informationen über Besucher zu speichern (Land usw., keine persönlichen Daten), damit wir Ihre Anfragen bestmöglich beantworten und erfüllen können.
Durch die Nutzung unserer Website erklären Sie sich mit der Bearbeitung der über Sie erhobenen Daten durch Google Analytics (Cookies und IP-Adresse) einverstanden, um uns wertvolle Informationen zu liefern. Google Analytics überträgt Ihre Daten in die Vereinigten Staaten und speichert sie für 6 Monate. Um mehr über die Datenübertragungsrichtlinien von Google zu erfahren, klicken Sie hier: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Kontaktieren Sie info@novel.de, um mehr über Ihre Rechte zu erfahren.
English (non official translation)
Status Sept 2022
I. Name and address of the responsible person
The responsible party within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
novel gmbh
Ismaninger Str. 51
81675 Munich
Tel.: +49 (89) 417767-0
E-mail: novel@novel.de
Website: www.novel.de
II. general information on data processing
1. scope of the processing of personal data
As a matter of principle, we process personal data of our users only insofar as this is necessary for the provision of a functional website as well as our contents and services. The processing of personal data of our users is regularly carried out only with the consent of the user. An exception applies in those cases where it is not possible to obtain prior consent for factual reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by legal regulations.
2. legal basis for the processing of personal data
Insofar as we obtain consent from the data subject for processing operations involving personal data, Article 6 (1) (a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis. When processing personal data that is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6 (1) lit. b DSGVO serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary for the performance of pre-contractual measures. Insofar as processing of personal data is necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 (1) lit. c DSGVO serves as the legal basis. In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person make processing of personal data necessary, Art. 6 (1) lit. d DSGVO serves as the legal basis. If the processing is necessary to protect a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not override the former interest, Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO serves as the legal basis for the processing.
3 Data deletion and storage period
The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage ceases to apply. Storage may take place beyond this if this has been provided for by the European or national legislator in Union regulations, laws or other provisions to which the controller is subject. Data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or performance of a contract.
III. Provision of the website, the apps (loadapp, loadsol, loadsol-s) and creation of log files.
1. description and scope of data processing
Each time our website is called up, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.
The following data is collected:
(1) Information about the browser type and version used.
(2) The operating system of the user
(3) The user’s Internet service provider
(4) The IP address of the user
(5) Date and time of access
(6) Websites from which the user’s system accesses our website
(7) Websites that are accessed by the user’s system via our website.
This data is also stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.
The following data is collected from you through the use of our apps and the associated services:
– Location-related data, if you have turned on your GPS signal.
– Various information about your device is collected: Access time, a device ID to uniquely identify your device, information about the language used, name and model of your device, operating system, usage time of the Loadsol, loadapp or loadpad app.
– If you create an account in a Loadsol, loadapp or loadpad app, your username and all personal information entered will be stored.
– All content that you provide in the Loadsol, loadapp or loadpad app or transmit via Novel GmbH (e.g. training status, height, weight). Also, information about when you posted this content, when it was viewed and other activities.
– Data from peripheral sensors (e.g., strength data, acceleration data, biomechanical parameters), if you use them.
In general, we use the information we collect to operate our Service and to provide our users with comprehensive value-added customer service and technical support. In some cases, the information we collect may also be used to
– to create new information (e.g., measurements, calibrations, etc.) that we show or send to you, to send push messages, or to otherwise improve your user experience.
– To notify you.
– To improve our understanding of how users access Novel GmbH, how users actually use Novel GmbH, etc….
This is to continuously improve our service, respond to user requests, and conduct further analysis.
When using these general data and information, the Novel GmbH does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed (1) to deliver the content of our website and apps correctly, (2) to optimize the content of our website and the advertising for it, (3) to ensure the long-term functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website and apps, and (4) to provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for prosecution in the event of a cyber attack. Therefore, the Novel GmbH analyzes anonymously collected data and information on one hand, statistically, and on the other hand, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and ultimately ensuring an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from any personal data provided by a data subject.
loadsol-s and loadapp
Our app help you to collect data with our sensors. Your data is not accessible to us. Our app can connect to your cloud service (e.g. google drive or iCloud) and store your measurement. To enable cloud storage of your data, you need enable the connection between your device, the app and the cloud provider. The app will only access your measurement data.
2. legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log files is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
3. purpose of data processing
The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable delivery of the website to the user’s computer. For this purpose, the user’s IP address must remain stored for the duration of the session.
The storage in log files is done to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, we use the data to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
These purposes are also our legitimate interest in data processing according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
4. duration of storage
The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended.
In the case of storage of data in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Storage beyond this period is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, so that an assignment of the calling client is no longer possible.
5. possibility of objection and elimination
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no possibility of objection on the part of the user.
IV. Use of cookies
a) Description and scope of data processing
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user’s computer system. When a user calls up a website, a cookie may be stored on the user’s operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string of characters that enables the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is called up again.
We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser can be identified even after a page change.
The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:
(1) language settings
(2) Items in a shopping cart
b) Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO.
c) Purpose of data processing
The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for users. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page change.
We require cookies for the following applications:
(1) language settings
(2) Shopping cart
The user data collected by technically necessary cookies are not used to create user profiles.
e) Duration of storage, possibility of objection and removal
Cookies are stored on the user’s computer and transmitted to our site by the user. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your Internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Cookies that have already been stored can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all website functions to their full extent.
The transmission of Flash cookies cannot be prevented via the browser settings, but by changing the Flash Player setting.
V. Privacy policy on the use and application of Facebook
The controller has integrated components of the company Facebook on this website. Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a social meeting place operated on the Internet, an online community that generally enables users to communicate with each other and interact in virtual space. A social network can serve as a platform for sharing opinions and experiences or enables the Internet community to provide personal or company-related information. Facebook enables users of the social network to create private profiles, upload photos and network via friend requests, among other things.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. The controller of personal data, if a data subject lives outside the USA or Canada, is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Each time one of the individual pages of this website operated by the data controller is called up and on which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-in) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically caused by the respective Facebook component to download a representation of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook. A complete overview of all Facebook plug-ins can be found at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/?locale=de_DE. Within the scope of this technical procedure, Facebook receives knowledge of which specific subpage of our website is visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in to Facebook at the same time, Facebook recognizes which specific sub-page of our website the data subject is visiting each time the data subject calls up our website and for the entire duration of the respective stay on our website. This information is collected by the Facebook component and assigned by Facebook to the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject activates one of the Facebook buttons integrated on our website, for example the “Like” button, or if the data subject makes a comment, Facebook assigns this information to the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores this personal data.
Facebook always receives information via the Facebook component that the data subject has visited our website if the data subject is simultaneously logged into Facebook at the time of calling up our website; this takes place regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If the data subject does not want this information to be transmitted to Facebook, he or she can prevent the transmission by logging out of his or her Facebook account before accessing our website.
The data policy published by Facebook, which can be accessed at https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. It also explains which setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, various applications are available that make it possible to suppress data transmission to Facebook. Such applications can be used by the data subject to suppress data transmission to Facebook.
VI. data protection provisions on the use and application of YouTube.
The controller has integrated components of YouTube on this website. YouTube is an Internet video portal that allows video publishers to post video clips free of charge and other users to view, rate and comment on them, also free of charge. YouTube allows the publication of all types of videos, which is why complete film and television programs, but also music videos, trailers or videos made by users themselves can be accessed via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
By each call of one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically caused by the respective YouTube component to download a representation of the corresponding YouTube component from YouTube. Further information on YouTube can be found at https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/de/. Within the scope of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google receive knowledge of which specific sub-page of our website is visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged into YouTube at the same time, YouTube recognizes which specific sub-page of our website the data subject is visiting by calling up a sub-page that contains a YouTube video. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google always receive information via the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website if the data subject is simultaneously logged into YouTube at the time of calling up our website; this takes place regardless of whether the data subject clicks on a YouTube video or not. If the data subject does not want this information to be transmitted to YouTube and Google, he or she can prevent the transmission by logging out of his or her YouTube account before accessing our website.
The privacy policy published by YouTube, which is available at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
VII Contact form and e-mail contact
1. description and scope of data processing
Based on statutory provisions, the website of the novel gmbh contains data that enable a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address).
If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or by using a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject will be stored automatically. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the controller will be stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no disclosure of this personal data to third parties
Alternatively, it is possible to contact the data subject via the e-mail address provided. In this case, the user’s personal data transmitted with the e-mail will be stored.
In this context, the data will not be passed on to third parties. The data is used exclusively for processing the conversation.
2. legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO if the user has given his consent.
The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. If the e-mail contact aims at the conclusion of a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
3. purpose of the data processing
The processing of personal data from the input mask serves us solely to process the contact. In the case of contact by e-mail, this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in processing the data.
The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
4. duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the personal data from the input mask of the contact form and those sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is ended when it is clear from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively clarified.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
5. possibility of objection and elimination
The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued.
Simply leave us a message in which you object to the data storage.
All personal data stored in the course of contacting us will be deleted in this case.
VIII. Rights of the data subject
The following list includes all rights of data subjects under the GDPR. Rights that have no relevance for the own website do not have to be mentioned. In this respect, the listing can be shortened.
If personal data is processed by you, you are a data subject within the meaning of the DSGVO and you are entitled to the following rights against the controller:
1. right to information
You may request confirmation from the controller as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed by us.
If such processing is taking place, you may request information from the controller about the following:
(1) the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
(2) the categories of personal data which are processed;
(4) the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage period;
(5) the existence of a right to rectification or erasure of the personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to such processing;
(6) the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
(7) any available information on the origin of the data, if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;
(8) the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, pursuant to Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information about whether personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organization. In this context, you may request to be informed about the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Art. 46 DSGVO in connection with the transfer.
2. right to rectification
You have a right to rectification and/or completion vis-à-vis the controller if the personal data processed concerning you are inaccurate or incomplete. The controller shall carry out the rectification without undue delay.
3. right to restriction of processing
You may request the restriction of the processing of personal data concerning you under the following conditions:
(1) if you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
(2) the processing is unlawful and you object to the erasure of the personal data and request instead the restriction of the use of the personal data;
(3) the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need them for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, or
(4) if you have objected to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and it has not yet been determined whether the controller’s legitimate grounds override your grounds.
If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, such data may – apart from being stored – only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or a Member State.
If the restriction of processing has been restricted in accordance with the above conditions, you will be informed by the controller before the restriction is lifted.
4. right to erasure
a) Obligation to erasure
You may request the controller to erase the personal data concerning you without undue delay, and the controller is obliged to erase such data without undue delay, if one of the following reasons applies:
(1) The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
(2) You revoke your consent on which the processing was based pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) or Art. 9(2)(a) DSGVO and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
(3) You object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) DSGVO and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) DSGVO.
(4) The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.
(5) The erasure of the personal data concerning you is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation under Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
(6) The personal data concerning you has been collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Article 8(1) DSGVO.
b) Information to third parties
If the controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to erase it pursuant to Article 17(1) of the GDPR, it shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, having regard to the available technology and the cost of implementation, to inform data controllers that process the personal data that you, as the data subject, have requested them to erase all links to or copies or replications of such personal data.
c) Exceptions
The right to erasure does not exist to the extent that the processing is necessary to
(1) for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information;
(2) for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing under Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject, or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
(3) for reasons of public interest in the area of public health pursuant to Article 9(2)(h) and (i) and Article 9(3) of the GDPR;
(4) for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89(1) DSGVO, insofar as the right referred to in section a) is likely to render impossible or seriously prejudice the achievement of the purposes of such processing; or
(5) for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.
(5) Right to information
If you have asserted the right to rectification, erasure or restriction of processing against the controller, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of this rectification or erasure of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
You have the right against the controller to be informed about these recipients.
6. right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to whom the personal data was provided, provided that.
(1) the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) DSGVO or Art. 9(2)(a) DSGVO or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6(1)(b) DSGVO and
(2) the processing is carried out with the help of automated procedures.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to obtain that the personal data concerning you be transferred directly from one controller to another controller, insofar as this is technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected by this.
The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
7. right to object
You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(e) or (f) DSGVO; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The controller shall no longer process the personal data concerning you unless it can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
If the personal data concerning you is processed for the purposes of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to processing of the personal data concerning you for the purposes of such marketing; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is related to such direct marketing.
If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes.
You have the possibility, in connection with the use of information society services, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to exercise your right to object by means of automated procedures using technical specifications.
8. right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law.
You have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
9 Automated decision in individual cases including profiling.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing – including profiling – which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision
(1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the controller,
(2) is permitted by legal provisions of the Union or the Member States to which the controller is subject and these legal provisions contain appropriate measures to protect your rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests; or
(3) is made with your express consent.
However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data pursuant to Article 9(1) of the GDPR, unless Article 9(2)(a) or (g) of the GDPR applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the controller shall take reasonable steps to safeguard the rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision.
10. right to complain to a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, workplace or the place of the alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data concerning you infringes the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR.
IX: Notice: cookies from third parties websites (Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager & ZOHO CRM)
At novel.de, we use Google Analytics and Google tag managment on our website. We need them to understand how users interact with our website so that we can improve its design and functionality.
These data are anonymous.
We also use Zoho CRM to store visitors general information (country etc., no personal data) to best respond to and fulfill your requests.
By using our website, you consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google Analytics (cookies and IP address) to provide us with valuable information. Google Analytics transfers your data to the United States and stores it for 6 months. To learn more about Google’s data transfer policies, click here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Contact info@novel.de to learn more about your rights.
English (non official translation)
Status Sept 2022
I. Name and address of the responsible person
The responsible party within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
novel gmbh
Ismaninger Str. 51
81675 Munich
Tel.: +49 (89) 417767-0
E-mail: novel@novel.de
Website: www.novel.de
II. general information on data processing
1. scope of the processing of personal data
As a matter of principle, we process personal data of our users only insofar as this is necessary for the provision of a functional website as well as our contents and services. The processing of personal data of our users is regularly carried out only with the consent of the user. An exception applies in those cases where it is not possible to obtain prior consent for factual reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by legal regulations.
2. legal basis for the processing of personal data
Insofar as we obtain consent from the data subject for processing operations involving personal data, Article 6 (1) (a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis. When processing personal data that is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6 (1) lit. b DSGVO serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary for the performance of pre-contractual measures. Insofar as processing of personal data is necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 (1) lit. c DSGVO serves as the legal basis. In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person make processing of personal data necessary, Art. 6 (1) lit. d DSGVO serves as the legal basis. If the processing is necessary to protect a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not override the former interest, Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO serves as the legal basis for the processing.
3 Data deletion and storage period
The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage ceases to apply. Storage may take place beyond this if this has been provided for by the European or national legislator in Union regulations, laws or other provisions to which the controller is subject. Data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or performance of a contract.
III. Provision of the website, the apps (loadapp, loadsol, loadsol-s) and creation of log files.
1. description and scope of data processing
Each time our website is called up, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.
The following data is collected:
(1) Information about the browser type and version used.
(2) The operating system of the user
(3) The user’s Internet service provider
(4) The IP address of the user
(5) Date and time of access
(6) Websites from which the user’s system accesses our website
(7) Websites that are accessed by the user’s system via our website.
This data is also stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.
The following data is collected from you through the use of our apps and the associated services:
– Location-related data, if you have turned on your GPS signal.
– Various information about your device is collected: Access time, a device ID to uniquely identify your device, information about the language used, name and model of your device, operating system, usage time of the Loadsol, loadapp or loadpad app.
– If you create an account in a Loadsol, loadapp or loadpad app, your username and all personal information entered will be stored.
– All content that you provide in the Loadsol, loadapp or loadpad app or transmit via Novel GmbH (e.g. training status, height, weight). Also, information about when you posted this content, when it was viewed and other activities.
– Data from peripheral sensors (e.g., strength data, acceleration data, biomechanical parameters), if you use them.
In general, we use the information we collect to operate our Service and to provide our users with comprehensive value-added customer service and technical support. In some cases, the information we collect may also be used to
– to create new information (e.g., measurements, calibrations, etc.) that we show or send to you, to send push messages, or to otherwise improve your user experience.
– To notify you.
– To improve our understanding of how users access Novel GmbH, how users actually use Novel GmbH, etc….
This is to continuously improve our service, respond to user requests, and conduct further analysis.
When using these general data and information, the Novel GmbH does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed (1) to deliver the content of our website and apps correctly, (2) to optimize the content of our website and the advertising for it, (3) to ensure the long-term functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website and apps, and (4) to provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for prosecution in the event of a cyber attack. Therefore, the Novel GmbH analyzes anonymously collected data and information on one hand, statistically, and on the other hand, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and ultimately ensuring an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from any personal data provided by a data subject.
loadsol-s and loadapp
Our app help you to collect data with our sensors. Your data is not accessible to us. Our app can connect to your cloud service (e.g. google drive or iCloud) and store your measurement. To enable cloud storage of your data, you need enable the connection between your device, the app and the cloud provider. The app will only access your measurement data.
2. legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log files is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
3. purpose of data processing
The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable delivery of the website to the user’s computer. For this purpose, the user’s IP address must remain stored for the duration of the session.
The storage in log files is done to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, we use the data to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
These purposes are also our legitimate interest in data processing according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
4. duration of storage
The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended.
In the case of storage of data in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Storage beyond this period is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, so that an assignment of the calling client is no longer possible.
5. possibility of objection and elimination
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no possibility of objection on the part of the user.
IV. Use of cookies
a) Description and scope of data processing
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user’s computer system. When a user calls up a website, a cookie may be stored on the user’s operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string of characters that enables the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is called up again.
We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser can be identified even after a page change.
The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:
(1) language settings
(2) Items in a shopping cart
b) Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO.
c) Purpose of data processing
The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for users. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page change.
We require cookies for the following applications:
(1) language settings
(2) Shopping cart
The user data collected by technically necessary cookies are not used to create user profiles.
e) Duration of storage, possibility of objection and removal
Cookies are stored on the user’s computer and transmitted to our site by the user. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your Internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Cookies that have already been stored can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all website functions to their full extent.
The transmission of Flash cookies cannot be prevented via the browser settings, but by changing the Flash Player setting.
V. Privacy policy on the use and application of Facebook
The controller has integrated components of the company Facebook on this website. Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a social meeting place operated on the Internet, an online community that generally enables users to communicate with each other and interact in virtual space. A social network can serve as a platform for sharing opinions and experiences or enables the Internet community to provide personal or company-related information. Facebook enables users of the social network to create private profiles, upload photos and network via friend requests, among other things.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. The controller of personal data, if a data subject lives outside the USA or Canada, is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Each time one of the individual pages of this website operated by the data controller is called up and on which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-in) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically caused by the respective Facebook component to download a representation of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook. A complete overview of all Facebook plug-ins can be found at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/?locale=de_DE. Within the scope of this technical procedure, Facebook receives knowledge of which specific subpage of our website is visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in to Facebook at the same time, Facebook recognizes which specific sub-page of our website the data subject is visiting each time the data subject calls up our website and for the entire duration of the respective stay on our website. This information is collected by the Facebook component and assigned by Facebook to the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject activates one of the Facebook buttons integrated on our website, for example the “Like” button, or if the data subject makes a comment, Facebook assigns this information to the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores this personal data.
Facebook always receives information via the Facebook component that the data subject has visited our website if the data subject is simultaneously logged into Facebook at the time of calling up our website; this takes place regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If the data subject does not want this information to be transmitted to Facebook, he or she can prevent the transmission by logging out of his or her Facebook account before accessing our website.
The data policy published by Facebook, which can be accessed at https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. It also explains which setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, various applications are available that make it possible to suppress data transmission to Facebook. Such applications can be used by the data subject to suppress data transmission to Facebook.
VI. data protection provisions on the use and application of YouTube.
The controller has integrated components of YouTube on this website. YouTube is an Internet video portal that allows video publishers to post video clips free of charge and other users to view, rate and comment on them, also free of charge. YouTube allows the publication of all types of videos, which is why complete film and television programs, but also music videos, trailers or videos made by users themselves can be accessed via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
By each call of one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically caused by the respective YouTube component to download a representation of the corresponding YouTube component from YouTube. Further information on YouTube can be found at https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/de/. Within the scope of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google receive knowledge of which specific sub-page of our website is visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged into YouTube at the same time, YouTube recognizes which specific sub-page of our website the data subject is visiting by calling up a sub-page that contains a YouTube video. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google always receive information via the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website if the data subject is simultaneously logged into YouTube at the time of calling up our website; this takes place regardless of whether the data subject clicks on a YouTube video or not. If the data subject does not want this information to be transmitted to YouTube and Google, he or she can prevent the transmission by logging out of his or her YouTube account before accessing our website.
The privacy policy published by YouTube, which is available at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
VII Contact form and e-mail contact
1. description and scope of data processing
Based on statutory provisions, the website of the novel gmbh contains data that enable a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address).
If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or by using a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject will be stored automatically. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the controller will be stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no disclosure of this personal data to third parties
Alternatively, it is possible to contact the data subject via the e-mail address provided. In this case, the user’s personal data transmitted with the e-mail will be stored.
In this context, the data will not be passed on to third parties. The data is used exclusively for processing the conversation.
2. legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO if the user has given his consent.
The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. If the e-mail contact aims at the conclusion of a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
3. purpose of the data processing
The processing of personal data from the input mask serves us solely to process the contact. In the case of contact by e-mail, this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in processing the data.
The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
4. duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the personal data from the input mask of the contact form and those sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is ended when it is clear from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively clarified.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
5. possibility of objection and elimination
The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued.
Simply leave us a message in which you object to the data storage.
All personal data stored in the course of contacting us will be deleted in this case.
VIII. Rights of the data subject
The following list includes all rights of data subjects under the GDPR. Rights that have no relevance for the own website do not have to be mentioned. In this respect, the listing can be shortened.
If personal data is processed by you, you are a data subject within the meaning of the DSGVO and you are entitled to the following rights against the controller:
1. right to information
You may request confirmation from the controller as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed by us.
If such processing is taking place, you may request information from the controller about the following:
(1) the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
(2) the categories of personal data which are processed;
(4) the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage period;
(5) the existence of a right to rectification or erasure of the personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to such processing;
(6) the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
(7) any available information on the origin of the data, if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;
(8) the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, pursuant to Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information about whether personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organization. In this context, you may request to be informed about the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Art. 46 DSGVO in connection with the transfer.
2. right to rectification
You have a right to rectification and/or completion vis-à-vis the controller if the personal data processed concerning you are inaccurate or incomplete. The controller shall carry out the rectification without undue delay.
3. right to restriction of processing
You may request the restriction of the processing of personal data concerning you under the following conditions:
(1) if you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
(2) the processing is unlawful and you object to the erasure of the personal data and request instead the restriction of the use of the personal data;
(3) the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need them for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, or
(4) if you have objected to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and it has not yet been determined whether the controller’s legitimate grounds override your grounds.
If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, such data may – apart from being stored – only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or a Member State.
If the restriction of processing has been restricted in accordance with the above conditions, you will be informed by the controller before the restriction is lifted.
4. right to erasure
a) Obligation to erasure
You may request the controller to erase the personal data concerning you without undue delay, and the controller is obliged to erase such data without undue delay, if one of the following reasons applies:
(1) The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
(2) You revoke your consent on which the processing was based pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) or Art. 9(2)(a) DSGVO and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
(3) You object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) DSGVO and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) DSGVO.
(4) The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.
(5) The erasure of the personal data concerning you is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation under Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
(6) The personal data concerning you has been collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Article 8(1) DSGVO.
b) Information to third parties
If the controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to erase it pursuant to Article 17(1) of the GDPR, it shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, having regard to the available technology and the cost of implementation, to inform data controllers that process the personal data that you, as the data subject, have requested them to erase all links to or copies or replications of such personal data.
c) Exceptions
The right to erasure does not exist to the extent that the processing is necessary to
(1) for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information;
(2) for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing under Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject, or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
(3) for reasons of public interest in the area of public health pursuant to Article 9(2)(h) and (i) and Article 9(3) of the GDPR;
(4) for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89(1) DSGVO, insofar as the right referred to in section a) is likely to render impossible or seriously prejudice the achievement of the purposes of such processing; or
(5) for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.
(5) Right to information
If you have asserted the right to rectification, erasure or restriction of processing against the controller, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of this rectification or erasure of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
You have the right against the controller to be informed about these recipients.
6. right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to whom the personal data was provided, provided that.
(1) the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) DSGVO or Art. 9(2)(a) DSGVO or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6(1)(b) DSGVO and
(2) the processing is carried out with the help of automated procedures.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to obtain that the personal data concerning you be transferred directly from one controller to another controller, insofar as this is technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected by this.
The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
7. right to object
You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(e) or (f) DSGVO; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The controller shall no longer process the personal data concerning you unless it can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
If the personal data concerning you is processed for the purposes of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to processing of the personal data concerning you for the purposes of such marketing; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is related to such direct marketing.
If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes.
You have the possibility, in connection with the use of information society services, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to exercise your right to object by means of automated procedures using technical specifications.
8. right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law.
You have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
9 Automated decision in individual cases including profiling.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing – including profiling – which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision
(1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the controller,
(2) is permitted by legal provisions of the Union or the Member States to which the controller is subject and these legal provisions contain appropriate measures to protect your rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests; or
(3) is made with your express consent.
However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data pursuant to Article 9(1) of the GDPR, unless Article 9(2)(a) or (g) of the GDPR applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the controller shall take reasonable steps to safeguard the rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision.
10. right to complain to a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, workplace or the place of the alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data concerning you infringes the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR.
IX:
Notice: cookies from third parties websites (Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager & ZOHO CRM)
At novel.de, we use Google Analytics and Google tag managment on our website. We need them to understand how users interact with our website so that we can improve its design and functionality.
These data are anonymous.
We also use Zoho CRM to store visitors general information (country etc., no personal data) to best respond to and fulfill your requests.
By using our website, you consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google Analytics (cookies and IP address) to provide us with valuable information. Google Analytics transfers your data to the United States and stores it for 6 months. To learn more about Google’s data transfer policies, click here:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Contact info@novel.de to learn more about your rights.