Where Cards Fall Privacy Policy
The
Where Cards Fall
Privacy Policy is available at
wherecardsfall.com/privacy
.
Built By Snowman Inc. Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
What (purposes) do we use the data for
We use this personal data to help us understand how much and how people play our games. This policy clarifies how and why that happens.
We use your email address that you provided when you signed up for our newsletter to send you the newsletter.
Where do we obtain the data from (sources)
Alto’s Odyssey collects information used for statistics using GameAnalytics. For information about their privacy policy, please read this:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Alto’s Adventure uses a Shopify plugin to offer our merchandise for sale. You can read more about their privacy policy here:
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
What happens to the data
Your data is stored on GameAnalytics and consumed by me in aggregate form.
Sharing of data
Due to this data being collected by a third party (GameAnalytics) they have access as well. I will not share your data to any third party unless required to do so by law or regulation (which is very unlikely).
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
support@builtbysnowman.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://wherecardsfall.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Where Cards Fall does not collect or send any player data to any servers other than Apple’s for Game Center and iCloud. We do not collect any player data using third party servers or intermediaries of any kind.
Where Cards Fall collects data and stores it on Apple services such as iCloud and Game Center. We use iCloud to save your game, and Game Center to keep track of achievements and leaderboards. We do not store personal or gameplay data on our servers.
Where Cards Fall collects, uses, and discloses data from kids in the same way as for other users, as described in this policy. Where Cards Fall’s use of kids’ data is limited to support internal operations of the game. Parents can request deletion of data by contacting us at
support@builtbysnowman.com
.
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
support@builtbysnowman.com
.
Sub-policy 1
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy:
🔎 Explore our latest A/B testing enhancements.
Read it here
Join User Analysis Beta
Market Research
Analytics
Powerful analytics
How It Works
Quick 4-step setup guide
In-depth Analytics
Make better games with data
Live Ops
Live operations made easy
Integrations
Works with 20+ game engines
Upgrade to Pro
Pro Overview
Explore advanced features
Store Intelligence
Top charts and trending games
Benchmarks
Next-level industry insights
Metrics API
Key metrics from all your games
Data Tools
DataSuite
Do much more with your data
Data Warehouse
Switch on your own data warehouse
Data Export
Your data delivered in JSON format
Resources
Insights & support
Documentation
Detailed technical documentation
Case Studies
Learn how others use GameAnalytics
Feedback
Submit your feature requests
Blog
The #1 game industry blog
Reports & Guides
Our own research and insights
Support
Contact our support team
Pricing
Login
Sign up
Go to tool
Terms & Conditions
EU Data Processing Addendum
China Data Processing Agreement
Developer Policy
Copyright Infringement Reporting
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Privacy Notice for Job Applicants
China PIPL Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Trust Report
SOC 2 Type II
Our ISO/IEC 27001 Certification
KidSAFE COPPA Certified
ePrivacy Seal & OBA Compliance
Legal
Terms & Conditions
EU Data Processing Addendum
China Data Processing Agreement
Developer Policy
Copyright Infringement Reporting
Privacy
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Privacy Notice for Job Applicants
China PIPL Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Security
Trust Report
SOC 2 Type II
Our ISO/IEC 27001 Certification
KidSAFE COPPA Certified
ePrivacy Seal & OBA Compliance
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Effective Date: 21st August 2023
Version: 2.2
Who we are and what we do
We are GameAnalytics ApS, a company registered in Denmark under company number 34043221, with our registered office at Pilestræde 58, 2, 1112 Copenhagen K, Denmark.
Our affiliate, GameAnalytics Limited is a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 09214168, with their registered office at 18 Soho Square, London, England, W1D 3QL.
GameAnalytics Limited is registered with the UK supervisory authority, Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) in relation to our processing of Personal Data under registration number ZA439557.
We are an ‘in game’ analytics service provider, working in partnership with developers around the world to monitor and improve everything about their games.
GameAnalytics ApS, together with its affiliate GameAnalytics Limited, (“GameAnalytics”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all Personal Data processed as part of its business activities.
Unless we notify you otherwise, we are the controller of the Personal Data we process about you. This means that we decide what Personal Data to collect and how to process it.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain what Personal Data we collect about you and how we process it. This privacy notice also explains your rights, so please read it carefully. If you have any questions, you can contact us using the information provided below under the ‘How to contact us’ section.
For residents in Mainland China, please read the GameAnalytics China PIPL Privacy Notice at https://gameanalytics.com/legal/pipl-china.
Who this privacy notice applies to
This privacy notice applies to you if:
You visit our website
You register and/or create a GameAnalytics Account
You enquire about our products and/or services
You purchase goods or services from us
You are an existing client
You contact us by email, telephone or by using our online contact form
You sign up to receive newsletters and/or other promotional communications from us
What Personal Data is
‘‘Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
‘Special Category Personal Data’ is more sensitive Personal Data and includes information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying someone, data concerning physical or mental health or data concerning someone’s sex life or sexual orientation.  Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
Personal Data we collect
The type of Personal Data we collect about you will depend on our relationship with you. For the type of Personal Data we collect, see the table below in the section entitled ‘Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases’.
How we collect your Personal Data
We collect most of the Personal Data directly from you in person, by telephone, text or email and/or via our website.
However, we may also collect your Personal Data from third parties such as:
reputable companies who provide lead generation contact lists
others to whom you have provided consent
publicly available sources such as social media platforms
sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services
advertising networks
analytics and tracking software providers and
search information providers
Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances
:
Purpose
Lawful Basis for Processing
Responding to correspondence from you
It is in our legitimate interest to respond to enquiries made via our website, by email, through our social channels or any other means.
Sending you information on sales events or product information which may be of interest
If you are an existing customer or have expressed an interest in our products or services, we will rely on legitimate interests to contact you for marketing purposes.
You may object to the processing for this purpose by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com. If we have captured your consent for the purposes of marketing, that consent may be withdrawn at any time by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com or using the unsubscribe option.
Provision of our services
Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract between us.
To maintain a record of contact for current client engagement
It is our legitimate interest to maintain a record of the contact we have with you within our client database.
Business management, forecasting and statistical purposes
It is our legitimate interest to identify areas for managing current business relationships, develop new products and services, and for managing our business.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience
It is our legitimate interest to allow analytics and search engine providers to help improve and optimise our websites.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience.
We use cookies on our websites with your consent.
Improving our platform and the overall client experience.
It is our legitimate interest to utilise analytical and tracking software to help improve and optimise our client platform.
Where Personal Data is processed because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, we will be unable to provide our services without the required information.
Sharing your Personal Data
We may also disclose your information to third parties in connection with other purposes set out in this privacy notice. These third parties may include:
business partners, suppliers and sub-processors* who may process information on our behalf
advertisers, social media platforms, and advertising networks
analytics and search engine providers
IT service providers
*A list of our sub-processors is available upon request.
This site may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our site, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Where we are under a legal or regulatory duty to do so, we may disclose your details to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors, and/or, where we consider necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of GameAnalytics, its personnel, users or others.
International Transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred internationally, this is because the organisations we use to provide our service to you are based outside the EU/UK.
We have taken appropriate steps to ensure that any Personal Data being processed internationally, still has an equivalent level of protection to that guaranteed in the EU/UK. We do this by ensuring that:
Your Personal Data is only processed in a country which the Secretary of State has confirmed has an adequate level of protection (an adequacy regulation) or
We either enter into EU Standard Contractual Clauses or an International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) with the receiving organisation and adopt supplementary measures where necessary. (A copy of the IDTA can be found here international-data-transfer-agreement.pdf (ico.org.uk))
How long we keep your data
We will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide you with our services and for a reasonable period thereafter to enable us to meet our contractual and legal obligations and to deal with complaints and claims.
At the end of the retention period, your personal data will be securely deleted or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data, so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
How we protect your data
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
GameAnalytics is SOC2 Type II** compliant and
ISO27001 certified
. You can review our real-time
Trust Report
and address any inquiries that you may have at
security@gameanalytics.com
.
** The SOC2 Type II Report is available upon request.
In addition to the technical and organisational measures we have put in place, there are simple things you can do to in order to further protect your personal information, such as:
Never share One Time Passcodes (OTPs) or passwords.
Never enter your details after clicking on a link in an email or text message.
Always send confidential information by encrypted email to reduce risk of interception.
If you’re logged into any online service do not leave your computer unattended.
Close down your internet browser once you’ve logged off.
Never download software or let anyone log on to your computer or devices remotely, during or after a cold call.
You can easily identify secure websites by looking at the address in the top of your browser which will begin https:// rather than http://.
Your data protection rights
GameAnalytics would like to make sure you are fully aware of your rights. We will always ensure, no matter where you are located in the world, that we adhere to and fully respect your data protection rights.
You have the following rights if you are located in the EU or UK:
Rights
Description
Right to be informed
Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.
Right of access
Individuals have the right to receive a copy of their personal data, and other supplementary information.
Right to rectification
Individuals have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete.
Right to erasure (the ‘right to be forgotten’)
Individuals have the right to request their personal information to be erased, in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing
Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data, in certain circumstances, in particular:
if your data is not accurate;
if your data has been used unlawfully but you do not want us to delete it;
if your data is no longer needed, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims; or
if you have already asked us to stop using your data but you are waiting to receive confirmation from us as to whether we can comply with your request.
Right to data portability
Individuals have the right to obtain and reuse their personal data, in a machine-readable format, for their own purposes across different services, in certain circumstances.
Right to object
Individuals have the right to object to the processing of their personal data, in certain circumstances.
Where we are using your personal data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so, you can object to us using it this way.
Where we are using your personal data for direct marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes, you have an absolute right to ask us to stop doing so.
Rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling
Individuals have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
In addition to the above, an individual also has the following rights:
Rights
Description
Right to withdraw consent
(if applicable)
Where we are using your personal data based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link
.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Exercising your data protection rights
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
If you wish to exercise your data protection rights, please email
privacy@gameanalytics.com
.
Recruitment
We may advertise job vacancies and opportunities on the careers section of our website, for more information on how we process candidate information please read our recruitment privacy notice.
Children’s Privacy
GameAnalytics is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and protecting the online privacy of children under the age of 13. Our services are not directed at children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information, including persistent identifiers, from such individuals without verifiable parental consent.
As required by COPPA, our privacy policy clearly states that we do not share personal information or persistent identifiers related to children with third parties.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with their Personal Data without your consent, please contact us via email at
privacy@gameanalytics.com
or via phone at +45 20110132.
By using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our commitment to COPPA compliance and our practices regarding the collection and use of personal information from children.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies do lots of different jobs, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and providing you with content that is relevant to you.
We use cookies on our website, more information about which can be found within our
Cookie Policy
.
How to contact us
If you would like to exercise your statutory data protection rights, or if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle personal data, please contact us using the details below.
Danish office:
GameAnalytics ApS
Pilestræde 58, 2,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
Email: dkoffice@gameanalytics.com
UK office:
GameAnalytics Limited
18 Soho Square,
London,
W1D 3QL
Email: ukoffice@gameanalytics.com.
Please send your communication clearly indicating ‘F.A.O. Data Protection Officer’ and your message will be passed directly to the DPO for attention.
How To Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your Personal Data.
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can contact them and/or submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Changes to this privacy notice
We may update this notice (and any supplemental privacy notice), from time to time as shown below. We will notify you of the changes where required by applicable law to do so.
×
Subscribe
×
activity-line
android
apple
ball
browser
btn-arrow-down
btn-arrow-down
c++
c#
caps-arrow
caution
close
comment
down-arrow
external
handheld
house
icon-next
icon-prev
ios
js
listen
macos
meta
mobile-menu
palette
play
read
satellite
search
social-facebook
social-instagram
social-linkedin
social-twitter
sofa
square
team
tiles
unity
unreal
up-arrow
user
windows
winner
yay
×
Our website uses cookies
GameAnalytics would like to use our own and 10 selected third party cookies or similar technologies for necessary, analytical, and marketing purposes. You can set your preferences by selecting the options below, and withdraw your consent anytime via the shield icon.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 2
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.