Home
Competitions
Showcase
About
FAQ
Blog
Download App
Privacy Policy
Last Updated 4/12/2021
This Privacy Policy explains how Strive collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you access or use mobile application and interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information when you register for an account, participate in interactive features, participate in a competition, and communicate with us. The information you may provide includes your name, email, number of steps, exercise minutes, distance in miles, move calories, body measurements including weight, body fat percentage, body mass index, and height. We use this information to track your health and fitness goals, compete with friends on these metrics, display leaderboards in competitions, bar charts for your activity metrics, and line graphs for your body measurements.
Other Information About Your Use of the Services
When you use our Services, we collect the following information about you:
Usage Information: Whenever you use our Services, we collect usage information, such as what screens or features you access, and other similar types of usage information.
Log Information: We collect standard log files when you use our Services, which include the type phone you use, app version, access times and dates, and screens viewed in the app.
Device Information: We collect information about the mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, device identifiers set by your device operating system, and mobile network information (like your connection type, carrier and region).
Information we Record: We record your activity including number of steps, distance in miles, exercise minutes, and move calories. We also record your body measurements including your weight, body fat percentage, and body mass index.
Information we Generate: We generate some information about you based on other information we have collected. For example, like most platforms, we use your IP address to derive the approximate location of your device.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We also obtain information about you from other sources, including transaction information from third-party app stores you use to install our app.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including debugging to identify and repair errors, and develop new products and service;
Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by Strive and others, request feedback, and send news, gifts or other information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Facilitate competitions, and help you achieve your health and fitness goals.
Sharing of Information
We share information about you as follows and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With companies and contractors that perform services for us, including email service providers, and other service providers;
With competitors participating in competitions such as weight loss competitions, body fat percentage competitions, body mass index competitions, number of steps competitions, distance in miles competitions, exercise minutes competitions, and move calories competitions.
We will not share your actual weight, body fat percentage, and body mass index. Instead we will only share the difference as it pertains to trends and in calculating the metrics for a given competition.
Analytics Services Provided by Others
We allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf in our mobile application. These entities use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of our mobile application, including your IP address, device identifiers, mobile network information, screens viewed, time spent in our app, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Strive to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain features, and better understand your activity.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts
With your consent, we send push notifications to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Information for California Residents
This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (or "CCPA").
Please see the list of the personal information we have collected about California consumers in the last 12 months, along with our business and commercial purposes and categories of third parties with whom this information may be shared. For more details about the personal information we collect, including the categories of sources, please see the "Collection of Information" section above.
Categories of personal information we collect
Identifiers, such as your name, email address, and unique identifiers (like IP address) tied to your device. Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law , such as gender and age. Approximate geolocation data. Internet or other electronic network activity, such as browsing behavior and information about your usage and interactions with our Services. Other personal information you provide , including preferences, goals and other personal information contained in product reviews or communications. Inferences drawn from the above, such as features you like about the app.
Business or commercial purposes for which we may use your information
Performing or providing our services, such as to maintain accounts, provide customer service, and verify customer information. Improving and maintaining our Services, such as by improving our Services and developing new products and services. Debugging, such as to identify and repair errors and other functionality issues. Communicate with you about marketing and other relationship or transactional messages. Analyze usage, such as by monitoring trends and activities in connection with use of our Services. Legal reasons, such as to help detect and protect against security incidents, or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
Parties with whom information may be shared
Companies that provide services to us, such as those that assist us with customer support, communications, data analytics, and bug fix management and logging. Third parties with whom you consent to sharing your information, such as with partners that help determine the popularity of certain features, and assist in better understanding your activity. Government entities or other third parties for legal reasons, such as to comply with law or for other legal reasons.
Subject to certain limitations and exceptions, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories and specific pieces of personal information, to delete their personal information, to opt out of any "sales" that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
We do not "sell" the personal information we collect (and will not sell it in the future without providing a right to opt out).
California consumers may make a rights request by emailing us at
support@strivecompetitions.com
.
                    We will verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. Authorized agents should submit requests through the same channel, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask you to verify your identity with us directly.
Strive strives to make this privacy policy accessible in line with the World Wide Web Consortium's Web Content Accessibility Guidelines, version 2.1.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@strivecompetitions.com