Last Updated
November 17, 2020
Privacy Policy
Ginger Technologies Pte. Ltd. built the FitNotes iOS app as a Paid app with free trial.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
RevenueCat
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
This policy is effective as of November 17, 2020.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, you can reach us at
contact@getfitnotes.com