PRIVACY POLICY
The basic principles of this Privacy Policy are safety, security, and appropriate use.
1.Collection of personal information
We ensure that we collect personal information applicable to the privacy laws and all other applicable legislation.
2.Information we collect
We collect personal information from your app access history and registration form data.
3.How we use your information
We will limit the use of personal information that we collect from you to better our operation, obeying what we promised you.
4.Information to third party
We will NOT provide personal information we collected to third-parties without the user’s consent besides when we collaborate with outside services or hire third-party agents and contractors to deliver our services.
You will find hereafter the list of our partners implementing SDKs through our applications:
Games Analytics (analytical SDK)
Admob (SDK advertising)
UnityAds (SDK advertising)
Tapjoy (SDK advertising)
Facebook Audience Network (SDK advertising)
5.Security
Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.
6.Accessing and correcting information
When you want to disclose, correct, stop or delete your personal information, please go thought our procedure. After we verified your identity, we will take reasonable security measures. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods..
7.California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
8.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act)
9.Questions about the privacy policy
Please email us : contact@cn-mob.com
Your Consent
By using our app, you consent to our app privacy policy.