Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Policy") prescribes the handling of Customer Information regarding the use of game application "with My DOG" (this application, all services and content provided with this application are collectively referred to as the "Service".) provided by Neilo Inc. (the "Company").
I. Customer Information to be collected and collection methods
In this Policy, "Customer Information" refers to the following information that the Company collect in accordance with this Policy
A) Information provided by the customer
The Company will not ask you to provide any information in order for Customer to use the Service.
B) Information that the Company collects in connection with your use of the Service
The Company may collect information about Customer’s access to and subsequent use of the Service. This includes the following information:
(a) Device information
(b) Log information
(c) Cookie and Anonymous ID
C) Information that the Company collects when the Customer purchases paid items in the Service
Payment information required for payment processing, such as address and email address (If a third party payment service company (including, but not limited to, Apple Inc. and Google Inc.) processes the Customer’s purchase, the Company may obtain the billing and payment information provided by the Customer to the payment service company.)
II. Purpose of Use
1. Customer Information will be used for the purposes set forth in the following two acts.
2. The specific purposes of use of Customer Information related to the provision of the Service are as follows
(a) To provide, maintain, protect and improve the Service (including user matching in online communications)
(b) For billing and billing calculations
(c) To send communications regarding the purchase of paid items
(d) To respond to actions that violate the Terms of Use and this Policy
(e) For purposes incidental to the above purposes
3. Purposes of use other than those set forth in the preceding act are as follows
(a) To create statistical data in a format that does not identify individuals in relation to the Service
(b) To distribute or display the Company's or a third party's advertisement
(c) For other marketing purposes
III. Joint Use
The Company may jointly use Customer Information to the extent necessary to achieve the Purpose of use in the following ways it is.
A) Items of customer information to be jointly used
(a) Device information
(b) Log information
(c)Cookie and Anonymous ID
B) The scope of joint users
The company and SILK LABORATORY Corporation (1-1-7 Ohkubo, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo)
C) Purpose of use for joint use
(a) To provide, maintain, protect and improve the Service (including user matching in online communications)
(b) To respond to actions that violate the Terms of Use and this Policy
(c) For purposes incidental to the above purposes
D) A party responsible for the management of customer information
Neilo Inc.
IV. Changes to this Policy
1. The Company will review the operation of our Customer Information from time to time and revise this Policy as necessary.
2. Any changes to this Policy will be posted on the Service, on the website operated by the Company or other means. However, in the event of any changes to the content of the site that require the consent of the customer under the law, the Company will notify the customer in accordance with the procedures separately stipulated by the Company.
V. Contact us
If you have any comments, questions, complaints, or other inquiries about the Company's handling of customer information, please contact the address below.
Address: TD Building 2F, 1-29-9 Takadanobaba, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
Company name: Neilo Inc.