Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Pending
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
consent.cookiebot.com
quotes.loanitt.ie
5
CookieConsent [x5]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
my.loanitt.com
my.loanitt.ie
6
ApplicationGatewayAffinity [x2]
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS [x2]
This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers.
JSESSIONID [x2]
Preserves users states across page requests.
quotes.loanitt.ie
2
ci_session
Preserves users states across page requests.
PHPSESSID
Preserves user session state across page requests.
www.loanitt.co.uk
1
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
www.loanitt.co.uk
www.loanitt.ie
2
wpEmojiSettingsSupports [x2]
This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
www.loanitt.ie
2
_wpfuuid
Registers a unique ID for the visitor in order for the website to recognize the visitor upon re-entry.
wordpress_test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Hotjar
12
Learn more about this provider
_hjTLDTest [x4]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
_hjSession_# [x3]
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_# [x3]
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
5
Learn more about this provider
_fbp [x3]
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Google
14
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga [x4]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_# [x4]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au [x3]
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
IDE
Pending
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Unclassified
2
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
www.loanitt.ie
2
loanitt
Pending
sucuri_cloudproxy_uuid_#
Pending
Cross-domain consent
5
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
my.loanitt.co.uk
my.loanitt.com
my.loanitt.ie
www.loanitt.co.uk
www.loanitt.ie
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/20/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Get a Quote Now
Car Finance
Agriculture Finance
Commercial Finance
New Mortgage
Switcher Mortgage
Life insurance
Serious Illness
Mortgage Protection
Income Protection
Personal Loans
Credit Cards
Login
Menu
Home
Loans
Car Finance
Agriculture Finance
Commercial Finance
New Mortgage
Switcher Mortgage
Cross Border Finance
Insurance
Life Insurance
Serious Illness
Mortgage Protection
Income Protection
Compare
Personal Loans
Credit Cards
About
Who we are
Careers
Help
Financial Advice
Guide to Uploading Documents
Terms of Use
1. AGREEMENT
Please read these terms of use (“
Terms
”) carefully. These Terms govern your access and use of the website located at
loanitt.ie
and the related products, services, content and technology we offer (together, the “
Website
”), which includes accessing, browsing or registering to use the Website. These Terms apply to both visitors and registered users. By accessing or using the Website, you confirm that you have read, understand and accept the Terms, are entering into a legally binding contract with us, and are agreeing to comply with these Terms. If you do not agree with these Terms you must not use or access the Website.
You are entering into these Terms with Loanitt Limited (“Loanitt”, “we”, “us” or “our”), a company registered in Ireland under registration number 643708. Our registered address is Knockeen, Piltown, Co. Kilkenny. Loanitt is licenced by the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission to act as a credit intermediary pursuant to the Consumer Credit Act, 1995. You can contact us at
info@loanitt.ie
.
These Terms also refer to the following additional documents which also apply to your use of the Website, including our Privacy Policy available here, and our Cookie Policy available at here.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and the additional terms that apply to a service or feature offered through the Website, the terms that apply to that service or feature shall take precedence to the extent of such conflict.
We may change these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and our Cookies Policy from time to time. We therefore recommend that you read these Terms regularly.
2.  PROVIDING ACCURATE INFORMATION
You must register a user account to access certain features of the Website. When you register and activate your account, you must ensure that any information you provide is accurate and up to date and that you will keep such information up-to-date. We will handle all personal information we collect in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which is available
You must treat your user ID and password as secure and confidential and must not disclose them to any third party. You must notify us at the following email address
info@loanitt.ie
as soon as possible if you know or suspect any unauthorised use of your account, user ID, password, or of any other security breach. You are responsible for anything that happens through your account or password, until you report misuse to us.
If at any time we believe that you have failed to comply with any part of these Terms, or in response to any other security incident, we may disable any user ID or password, regardless of whether you chose it or we allocated it. Taking this action does not limit any other rights we may have.
Loanitt supports logins using two-step authentication for your protection. You will not be able to access your account without two-step verification.
3. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Website may contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided for your convenience only and do not amount to an endorsement of any information or materials contained on such sites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the contents of any linked third-party website. You access third-party websites at your own risk.
4.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We are the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Website, including text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, illustrations, photographs, trademarks, logos and computer code, the design, structure, arrangement, selection, coordination, expression, and ‘look and feel’ of the Website (together, “
Our
Content
”). All of these rights are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties around the world. All rights are reserved to the relevant owner or licensee of those works. Your use of the Website and Our Content does not grant you any rights in relation to any of the intellectual property rights or other associated rights.
You may not alter, reproduce, republish, sell, disseminate, distribute, transmit, broadcast or commercially exploit Our Content, unless you have received our prior written consent.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the Website for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on the Website. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
You must always acknowledge our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site.
You must not use any part of Our Content on the Website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of the Website in a way that breaches these Terms, your right to use the Website will cease immediately.
We reserve the right to investigate any suspected or actual improper, illegal, or unauthorised use of Our Content or the Website (or any part of it) and we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action.
5. ACCEPTABLE USE
This clause 5 sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of the Website. This clause 5 applies to all users and visitors to the Website. When using the Website, you must comply with this acceptable use clause.
Any user content uploaded by you to the Website must:
be accurate (where it states facts);
be genuinely held (where it states opinions);
comply with applicable law in Ireland and in any country from which your user content is uploaded.
You must not use or access the Website for any unlawful or improper purpose, or in breach of these Terms. For example you must not use it:
in breach of any applicable law;
for any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm children in any way;
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with these Terms;
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form or similar solicitation (spam);
to promote illegal activity;
to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
to promote violence;
to deceive any person;
in any way that is defamatory, racist, sexist, discriminatory, hateful, obscene, offensive or otherwise objectionable to us, our staff, or any other individuals; or
in any way that violates the legal rights (including the privacy or intellectual property rights) of any other person.
You must not (and you must not to allow any third party to):
use the Website in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair it, our servers, or the networks connected to the server, or that could interfere with any other person’s enjoyment of the Website.
use any automatic or manual device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar process on any part of the Website or Our Content;
attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, any part or feature of the Website, or any servers, equipment, software, systems or networks associated with the Website;
obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available to you;
reproduce, reverse-engineer, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the Website in violation of these Terms;
knowingly transmit any data or send or upload any content that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware, or which is technologically harmful.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access or use of the Website and for ensuring that your device and computer software meets the minimum specifications and is configured correctly. You should use your own virus protection and firewall software.
You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
6. Data Protection
Our Privacy Policy (available here) and our Cookie Policy (available here) apply to your use of this Website.
If any applicable law or regulation requires it, or if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your access or use of the Website of user content, we may disclose any information we hold about you including your identity.
By sending us suggestions or other feedback regarding the Website, you agree that we can use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensation or obligation to you.
7. Liability
We provide the Website for general information purposes only. We aim to ensure that the Website is accurate at the time of publication, however, the Website or its features may change without notice and we may withdraw or amend the Website (or any part of it) or add or remove any features without notice. We are under no obligation to update the Website and we make no representations, warranties or guarantees (whether express or implied) that Our Content or the Website is accurate, complete, or up-to-date.
By using the Website, you acknowledge that the transmission of data over the internet can never be completely secure and you accept the risk that others may be able to read or intercept any user content or other information, text, graphics you submit or send to or through the Website. This includes transmissions that are identified as secure or encrypted.
To the maximum extent allowed under law:
the Website and Our Content are provided on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis and we and our affiliates and business partners do not guarantee that: the Website (or any part of it), or any of Our Content, will be uninterrupted or error-free; or that the Website will be secure or free from viruses, malware or other harmful elements;
your use and access of the Website is entirely at your own risk and you assume responsibility and risk of loss or damage resulting from your use or access of the Website and any linked websites. This includes viewing, accessing, relying on, installing, downloading from or uploading to or through the Website;
we and our affiliates and business partners expressly exclude all representations, warranties, terms, conditions and undertakings (whether express or implied) that are not expressly set out in these Terms;
we and our affiliates and business partners are not liable for any indirect or consequential loss; or for any loss of income, business, revenue, profits, use, opportunity, anticipated savings, goodwill or reputation; any loss or corruption of data; any business interruption; any decision made in reliance on the Website or Our Content; or any corruption or damage to equipment, device, hardware or software, arising from your use of, or inability to use, the Website or any part of the Website or Our Content. This applies even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful for us to do so.
If you are dissatisfied with any part of the Website or with the Terms, the only remedy available to you is close your account and stop accessing or using the Website.
You shall indemnify and keep us and our affiliates and business partners and our and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (each an “indemnified person”) indemnified on demand from and against all judgments, awards, penalties, settlements, fines, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) suffered or incurred by an indemnified person and arising out of or in connection with: (a) any violation of the Terms by you; (b) your access or use of the Website; or (c) any claim that the user content infringes or is alleged to infringe any applicable law or the legal rights (including the privacy or intellectual property rights) of any other person.
8. TERMINATION
We may determine, in our discretion, if there has been a violation of the Terms. If you violate any of the Terms we may immediately take all or any one or more of the following actions:
temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to access or use the Website;
temporary or permanent removal of any of your User Content;
issue a written warning to you;
start legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all of our costs and the costs of our affiliates and business partners (including administrative and legal costs) arising from or in connection with your violation of the Terms;
start further legal action against you;
disclose such information to law enforcement or the authorities as we reasonably believe is necessary.
The actions described above are not limited, and we reserve the right to take other action that we reasonably believe is appropriate.
Sections  5, 6, 7, 8 and 12 survive termination of these Terms. Any amounts owed by a party to the other party before termination remain owed after termination.
9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms (including any additional terms that we may provide when you register or engage with a feature of the Website), are the only agreement between you and us regarding the Website and supersede all previous agreements, promises, representations, warranties and understandings between you and us regarding the Website.
10. Severability
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any part of these Terms to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable then the court should modify the terms to make that part enforceable while still achieving its intent.
11. Waiver
If we do not act to enforce a breach of these Terms, that does not mean we have waived our right to enforce these Terms. We may take any relevant steps against you later.
12. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Your use of this Website and the Terms and all matters or disputes (whether contractual or non-contractual) arising out of or in connection with them are governed by the laws of Ireland. The Courts of Ireland will have exclusive jurisdiction on any matter or dispute (whether contractual or non-contractual) between you and us arising out of or in connection with the Website and the Terms.