Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
3
Loading…
{"id": "1yBnWpIysNewJFGJr_4cdJ5J55jJwaB9o", "title": "SwiftHub Privacy Policy.docx", "mimeType": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document"}
Page 1 of 3
Privacy Policy
SwiftHub, its subsidiaries and its affiliates (&quot;Company&quot; or &quot;We&quot; or &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot;) respect
the privacy of its users (&quot;User&quot; or &quot;You&quot;). We are committed to protect our User&#39;s
Information. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding what
information we collect for Admob or third-party Advertisement serving technologies, and
Google/Firebase Analytics for collecting App statistics we use in our App, and under
what circumstances, if any; how we use it. When you use our App. We disclose it.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE SwiftHub. If we
change or modify our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy
page. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE OR MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY
AT ANY TIME, so please review it frequently.
BY PLAYING USING SwiftHub, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS &amp; CONDITIONS SET
FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, including to the possible collection and processing
of your Personal Information (as defined below).
1. Offline Use
SwiftHub may allow the use of some features in its App offline (without internet
connection). Offline use of the App will preclude the collection of any information
pertaining to You and/or Your use of the App (including, as applicable) by any
Third Parties (defined below) and/or SwiftHub.
2. Online Use
SwiftHub does not collect any information from its Users. Some information may
nonetheless be collected through third party services which are used in SwiftHub
App such as advertising networks and stored on such Third Parties&#39; servers.
Non Personal Information: SwiftHub allows Third parties to collect non personal
information or non-identifiable information (&quot;Non-Personal Information&quot;). To put it
simply, with respect to such Non Personal Information we have no idea what is
the identity of the User from which Third Parties have collected the Non-personal
Information. Non Personal Information collected by Third Parties may include the
following technical information:
o Type of operation system (e.g. iOS, etc.)
o Type of browser (e.g. Safari, etc.)
o Screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.)
o Language (e.g. English)
o Device Vendor (e.g. iPhone, etc.)
o Geo-location – (e.g. United States).
SwiftHub allows Third Parties collection of Non Personal Information for strict and
limited purposes. Namely, for the limited purpose of analyzing the Service in
order to provide You with the Service functionalities and performance.
Page 2 of 3
Persistent User Identifier and No Other Personal Information:
Third Parties may also collect from Users a persistent User identifier. SwiftHub
allows for this information to be collected strictly for internal operations of the
Service including serving You with contextual advertisement (&quot;contextual
advertisement&quot; are ads that are served to you without connection to any
behavioral elements).
SwiftHub does not allow Third Parties to collect information that may identify an
individual (other than the persistent User identifier which is collected for the
limited purpose of internal operations of the Service) nor does it allow the
collection of any information of private and/or sensitive nature (&quot;Personal
Information&quot;).
SwiftHub does not allow any personal information to be linked to the persistent
identifier, even from other services.
3. Ad Serving Technology
SwiftHub App may employ proprietary or third-party ad serving technologies that
may use cookies, tracking pixels or other technologies to collect information as a
result of ad serving through our App as well as to help track results. Some
dynamic in-app advertisement serving technology enables advertising to be
temporarily uploaded into your App, mobile device and replaced while you are
online. We or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may
use information such as age and gender as well as information logged from your
hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the
App and to calculate or control the number of unique and repeat views of a given
ad, and/or deliver ads that relate to your interests and measure the effectiveness
of ad campaigns. We or third parties may collect data for this purpose including
device ID&#39;s, information about your software, applications and hardware, browser
information (and/or information passed via your browser), hardware, machine or
device make and model, advertisement(s) served, in App location, length of time
an advertisement was visible, other Internet and website usage information, web
pages and mobile internet sites which have been viewed by you (as well as date
and time), domain type, size of the advertisement, advertisement response (if
any), and angle of view. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed per this
policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
These ad serving technologies are integrated into our App; if you do not want to
use this technology, do not use this App.
4. Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies
SwiftHub also uses Google/Firebase Analytics, a web analytic service offered by
Google Inc. (&quot;Google&quot;) as an analytic metrics tool in our App to collect information
when User uses our App on mobile devices. Google/Firebase Analytics uses
&quot;Cookies&quot;, text files that are stored on your device and that enables the analysis
of your usage of the App you are currently using. The information about your
usage is collected through these cookies, and will be transmitted to and stored on
Google server based in the US.
Page 3 of 3
On behalf of SwiftHub, Google will use this information in order to evaluate your
usage of App used or currently using, to make reports on App activities and/or to
provide us with statistics related to the App.
5. Information Sharing
We may share Information only in the following cases:
(a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or
governmental request; (b) to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use,
including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) to detect, prevent, or
otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to respond to claims
that any content published on the Service violates any right of a third-party; (f) to
protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the
general public; (g) when Company is undergoing any change in control, including
by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the
assets of Company; (h) pursuant to your approval, in order to supply certain
services You have requested from Company; (i) to let our partners and affiliates
serve You with contextual advertisements only;
6. Security
We take great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information
and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard
technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption
mechanisms. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never
occur.
7. Questions and Feedback
If You have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, You are most welcome
to send us an email to the following address:
swiftieapp@gmail.com and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable
time frame.
SwiftHub Privacy Policy.docx
SwiftHub Privacy Policy.docx
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying SwiftHub Privacy Policy.docx. Page 1 of 3