Welcome to the Fuji X Weekly App page!
The Fuji X Weekly App is available to download for free from the
Apple App Store
and the
Google Play Store
! Consider becoming a Patron subscriber to unlock the best App experience and to support Fuji X Weekly.
***New:
Fuji X Weekly App Update
! New features: Filter by White Balance or Dynamic Range, Color Stars for Organization, Blank Recipe Cards, and more!***
***New:
Filter by White Balance — How To Use This New Feature
***New:
Search and Random Recipe Selector
!
***New:
Fuji X Weekly App Update
! New features: Filter by White Balance or Dynamic Range, Color Stars for Organization, Blank Recipe Cards, and more!***
***New:
Filter by White Balance — How To Use This New Feature
***New:
Search and Random Recipe Selector
!
***New:
Widgets for iOS
!
***New:
Fuji X Weekly now on Apple Watch
!
The Fuji X Weekly App is a mobile Film Simulation Recipe library containing over 300 Recipes for Fujifilm cameras! The
Film Simulation Recipes
in the App are the same ones that you know and love from this website, but now take them with you on the go, and have them at your fingertips wherever you are!
The Fuji X Weekly App is free! No annoying ads. Get access to over 300 Film Simulation Recipes, which can be sorted alphabetically or chronologically. Each Recipe contains an assortment of sample images, as well as a list of compatible cameras. Within each Recipe there’s a place where you can keep notes, a useful feature for many of you, no doubt. The App will work offline, so if you don’t have internet access but need to find a certain recipe, no problem! The Fuji X Weekly App is a handy tool for Fujifilm photographers, an essential App to accompany your X-series camera.
This App does have some
advanced features that can be unlocked by becoming a Fuji X Weekly Patron
! These advanced features include filtering by sensor or camera, as well as by film simulation or color/B&W, and the ability to favorite recipes for quick access, plus more. The best App experience is reserved for Patrons!
Fuji X Weekly Patrons also get early access to some new Film Simulation Recipes. There are currently 14 Film Simulation Recipes that only Patrons can view. These Recipes will eventually be published on Fuji X Weekly—free to everyone—but right now they’re available only to Patrons. As new Early-Access Recipes are cycled into the App for Patrons, the others will be made available on this website and on the App free to all, so no worries.
By becoming a Fuji X Weekly Patron, which is only $19.99 annually (USD + tax if applicable), you unlock the App’s full potential, you get early access to some new Film Simulation Recipes, and you help support Fuji X Weekly! It’s a win-win!
The Fuji X Weekly App is available in the iOS App Store—download it to your iPhone or iPad! If you have a Mac with an M1 or M2 chip, you can download the App, too, which might be useful for those who use X RAW Studio. The Android version is available in the Google Play App Store!
FAQs:
Q: What is the Fuji X Weekly App?
A: It’s a mobile library of
Film Simulation Recipes
, the same ones from this website. There are over 300 Recipes, which can be sorted alphabetically or chronologically. Each recipe contains a list of compatible cameras.
Q: What’s a Film Simulation Recipe?
A: My Film Simulation Recipes are JPEG settings for Fujifilm X-series cameras that allow you to achieve certain looks, often based on film stocks,
straight out of camera, no editing required
.
Q: How do I add a Recipe to my camera?
A:
This article explains how to do it (click here)
,
or you can watch a video (click here)
. Also, refer to your camera’s user manual.
Q: Which cameras are this App for?
A: There’s something for almost every Fujifilm X-series camera, from X-Trans I to X-Trans V, and everything in-between.
Q: Can the App edit photos?
A: No. That would be cool, though, right?!
Q: Can the App connect to your camera?
A: No. That would be amazing, though, wouldn’t it?!
Q: Will it work if I’m out in the middle of nowhere with no internet?
A: Yes! Once on your phone and opened one time, the App doesn’t require an internet connection to work.
Q: What devices are compatible with the App?
A: The App is currently available for iOS (Apple) devices, such as the iPhone and iPad, as well as Android mobile devices with Android 8 or newer operating system. It will also work on Macs with the M1 or M2 chip.
Q: Where can I find the Fuji X Weekly App?
A: Find it in the
Apple App Store
and
Google Play Store
.
Q: How much does the App cost?
A: It’s free! There are no annoying ads. This App is my gift to you. However, become a Fuji X Weekly Patron, which is $19.99 annually, to unlock the advanced features of the app and gain early-access to some film simulation recipes.
Q: What do I get for becoming a paid Patron?
A: The best App experience is reserved for Patrons! Being a Fuji X Weekly Patron unlocks the advanced features of the App, which are filtering (by sensor or camera, plus by film simulation or color/b&w) and favoriting (favorited recipes are always at the top for quick access). Patrons also get early access to some new Film Simulation Recipes. Besides that, you get the satisfaction of supporting Fuji X Weekly, knowing that you made future improvements and advancements possible with your generosity.
Q: How do I become a Fuji X Weekly Patron?
A: Within the App there’s an option to become a Patron. Click the Gear icon or a locked feature, and the option to become a Patron will appear.
Q: If I’m a Patron on iOS, if I download the Android App will it be Patron unlocked, too?
A: Unfortunately, no. The Apple and Android systems are completely separate and anonymous.
Q: If I’m a Patron on the Fuji X Weekly App, does that unlock the other apps:
Ricoh Recipes
and
RitchieCam
?
A: No, each of these are separate from each other, and require their own Patron subscriptions to unlock.
Q: If I’m an App Patron, does that also include me in the
Creative Collective
?
A: No, it doesn’t. The App Patron and website Creative Collective are two separate things. The App is completely anonymous—the App doesn’t collect any data, including user names and email addresses—so even if it was possible to connect the two, I don’t know who is or isn’t a Patron.
Q: Should I filter by Sensor or Camera?
A: It depends.
This article might be helpful
.
Fuji X Weekly — Film Recipes app Terms of Use:
The Fuji X Weekly — Film Recipes application (the “app”) is provided to you by fujixweekly.com. Not associated with the Fujifilm Corporation. We don’t collect any user information. The information provided on the app is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the app from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. The app is intended for users who are at least 13 years of age. All users who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of, and be directly supervised by, their parent or guardian to use the app. If you are a minor, you must have your parent or guardian read these Terms of Use prior to you using the app. Unless otherwise indicated, the app is our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the app is copyright fujixweekly.com. The content and the marks are provided on the app “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the app may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission. You may not access or use the app for any purpose other than that for which we make the app available. The app may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us. The app contains affiliate links, and Fuji X Weekly will be compensated a small amount for purchases made using those links. Use of the app constitutes acknowledgement of and an agreement with the Terms of Use.
Fuji X Weekly — Film Recipes app Privacy Policy:
We don’t collect or distribute any user information. All of your usage of the app remains private and on your device. This Privacy Policy is subject to change with a written notice.
Términos de uso de la aplicación Fuji X Weekly — Recetas de Películas:
La aplicación Fuji X Weekly — Recetas de Películas (la “app”) es puesta a disposición por fujixweekly.com. No está asociada con Fujifilm Corporation. No recopilamos ningún dato del usuario. No se pretende distribuir o usar la información proporcionada al usar la app a ninguna persona o entidad en ningún país o jurisdicción donde tal distribución o uso contraviniera las leyes o regulaciones aplicables o que nos sujetaría a cualquier exigencia de registro en tal país o jurisdicción. Por consiguiente, aquellas personas que decidan acceder a la app desde otros lugares lo hacen bajo iniciativa propia y son los únicos responsables del cumplimiento de las leyes locales, siempre y en la medida en que sean aplicables. Esta app está diseñada para usuarios que tengan al menos 13 años de edad. Todos los usuarios menores de edad en la jurisdicción en la que residen (en general, si son menores de 18 años) deben tener el permiso y estar bajo la supervisión directa de alguno de sus padres o un tutor legal para usar la app. Si usted es menor de edad, alguno de sus padres o un tutor legal debe leer estos Términos de uso antes de usar la app. Salvo se indique lo contrario, la app es nuestra propiedad exclusiva y fujixweekly.com tiene los derechos de autor del código fuente, las bases de datos, las funcionalidades, el software, los diseños del sitio web, las obras de audio, video, texto, fotografías y gráficos en la app. En la app, el contenido y las marcas se proporcionan “TAL CUAL” únicamente para su información y uso personal. Salvo lo establecido expresamente en estos Términos de uso, ninguna parte de la app se puede copiar, reproducir, agregar, reeditar, cargar, publicar, presentar públicamente, codificar, traducir, transmitir, distribuir, vender, licenciar o explotar para ningún propósito comercial que no sea autorizado expresamente por escrito por fujixweekly.com. No podrá acceder o usar la app para fines distintos de aquellos para los cuales ha sido puesta a disposición. No se podrá usar la app en conexión con ningún esfuerzo comercial, excepto aquellos que hayan sido avalados o aprobados expresamente. La app contiene enlaces de afiliados y Fuji X Weekly será compensada con una pequeña suma por compras hechas usando dichos enlaces. El uso de la app constituye el reconocimiento y el acuerdo con los Términos de uso.
Política de privacidad de la aplicación Fuji X Weekly — Recetas de Películas:
No recopilamos ni distribuimos información de ningún usuario. El uso que le dé a la app es privado y permanece en su dispositivo. Esta Política de privacidad está sujeta a cambios mediante una notificación por escrito.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...