Purpose
Add immersion to your app – use ready-made sounds and vibrations built into iOS.
This app contains all the built-in system sounds and vibrations in iOS.
Using this collection, developers can add elements of modern immersive functionality to their mobile apps, which increase the attractive of the app to users due to a deeper sensory experience.
How the sounds and vibrations collected in this app can be useful for developers
Experience shows that in addition to the basic functionality, users of mobile apps are often attracted by various interesting features.
For example, one of the apps for coloring pictures has become popular due to the fact that the choice of color is accompanied by a pleasant sound and soft vibration.
Sound-vibration combinations work very well in educational apps. For example, one of the effective techniques for memorizing new words of a foreign language is the use of various types of senses – vision, hearing, motor skills, tactile sensations, etc. In this case, carefully selected sound and vibration significantly enhance the effectiveness of memorization.
In other cases, on the contrary, an incorrect answer may be accompanied by a slightly sharp sound and vibration, which shakes and activates the student’s attention and memory.
Sounds and vibrations are especially actively used in computer games, where literally every action of game characters and objects is accompanied by sound and tactile sensations.
Finally, even simple utility applications, where the user enters new information, edits it, moves from screen to screen, etc., become much more interesting and attractive if the user not only sees, but also feels an interactive connection with the application that comes to life under his fingers. For example, in an application that automatically switches the keyboard as you type, users themselves asked to add a soft sound that signals that the switch worked.
Thus, the use of sounds and vibrations significantly increases the attractiveness of applications by providing users with a deeper sensory, immersive experience.
Why you should buy this application
Ease of use
All sounds and vibrations are already built into iOS and you do not need additional programs. It is enough to know their codes, which are conveniently presented in the application.
Sounds and vibrations are easy to test in our application and easy to implement in your code.
Modern approach
Add an element of immersion to your application! Make the user experience richer, deeper and more interesting with sounds and vibrations.
Wide selection
The application contains more than 100 sound and vibration combinations, organized by codes and categories.
For example, these are forest sounds, the sound of water, Christmas bells, a train whistle, bird calls, a car horn, the gurgle of raindrops, various touch options (about 7), a hunting horn, jazz chords and even entire musical miniatures.
How to use the application or how to choose, test and implement a sound and vibration in your application
The main screen of the Sounds & Vibrations application provides a list of all the sounds and vibrations in iOS.
Right here you can click the Play button and hear the sound and feel the vibration.
This way you can find the right sound and vibration for various events in your application live.
You can also easily test the sound-vibration pair right in your application. To do this, just insert one line of code into the desired function.
An example of such a line of code for inserting a sound-vibration pair is shown in this application on the Sample of Code tab.
Service functions
To present a list of immersive elements in a convenient form, sorting, search and filter functions are provided.
For each element, you can view full information on the Details page.
Who is this application for
For programmers who want to follow development trends and create mobile applications with a “wow” effect. Regardless of the complexity of the project, our application will be an excellent assistant to distinguish your product from the rest.
Privacy Policy
Sound & Vibrate App does not collect or store any information about users.
Contact
mobile.369.app@gmail.com