Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
COPPA
Our Contact 
Information
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve 
those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' 
(PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information 
security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information 
to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in 
context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding 
of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable 
Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the 
people that visit our website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, 
you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you 
with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our 
site ,enter information on our site or usr our App.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information in the following 
ways:
•
To 
personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and 
product offerings in which you are most interested.
•
To 
improve our website or App in order to better serve you.
•
To 
allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service 
requests.
How do we protect visitor 
information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to 
PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask 
for personal or private information like names,phone-numbers,physical 
addresses,email addresses or credit card numbers.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured 
networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special 
access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information 
confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is 
encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user 
enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your 
personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider 
and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service 
provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if 
you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize 
your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use 
cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They 
are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or 
current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. 
We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and 
site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the 
future.
We use cookies to:
•
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you 
each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You 
do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is 
a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way 
to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be 
disabled It won't affect the user's experience that make your site experience 
more efficient and some of our services will not function 
properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside 
parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or 
services on our website.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection 
Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information 
from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) 
puts parents in control.  The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer 
protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of 
websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety 
online.
We do not specifically market to children under 
13.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy 
you may contact us using the information below.
804743080@qq.com
Last Edited on 2018