KEYWORDS STUDIOS GROUP PRIVACY POLICY FOR APPLE ARCADE GAMES
1 JUNE 2023
Keywords Studios Group (hereinafter “
Keywords
”. “
we
” or “
our
”), respects the privacy rights of our users and is committed to protecting the information collected through our products and services. This policy applies only to Keywords’ games on Apple Arcade, referred below as the “
Game
”.
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains what data or personal data we may collect about you when you use or access the online services and how we collect, store, disclose, transfer, protect, and otherwise process that information for the purposes of operating and providing the Game. This Privacy Policy should also be read in conjunction with our general Keywords privacy policy, which is accessible
at
https://www.keywordsstudios.com/privacy-policy/
.
Where personal data is collected, the lawful processing basis for the processing of your personal data is justified on the basis of our legitimate interests for ensuring the proper functioning of our business operations.
Unless defined herein or the context requires otherwise, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to them in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.
WHO THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO
This Privacy Policy applies to all users of our Games on Apple Arcade across all supported Apple devices (iOS, iPad, MacOS, TvOS).
WHAT DATA WE COLLECT
The Game collects “Personal Data” as you play the Game in order to track Game progression or performance, to allow save game data across Apple devices, to register achievements, to facilitate online matchmaking for multiplayer games or to improve the Game (“
Game Progress Data
”). The data we collect cannot be used to identify you, but it will relate to you.
Game Progress Data is the only Personal Data that the Game collects. This Game Progress Data is stored on Apple services such as iCloud and GameCenter for game saves and progress and GameCenter for achievements, and its use is governed by Apple’s policies.
The Game collects the GameCenter ID for the purpose of achievements, game saves, and for cross save for the same account across different Apple devices.
The player’s GameCenter user name is collected and shared with other players during online multiplayer games, but is not retained on our servers.
Our multiplayer servers collect the GameCenter Alias for the purpose of online matchmaking. This data is not stored. The GameCenter Alias is discarded once matchmaking is complete and a multiplayer game begins.
We generate a temporary ID during online matchmaking for multiplayer games. This ID is not retained and does not tie back to any user data.
Our multiplayer servers are run by a third-party vendor: Photon
Our data controls over Photon data usage are stipulated in their GDPR and DPA documents:
https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en-US/Account/DPA
https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en-US/account/gdpr
We do not store personal or gameplay data on our servers. The data is collected and stored on Apple Services such as iCloud and GameCenter.
The Game does not request access to data from any other Apps on your device.
We will not share any data or Personal Data about you to third parties for those third parties’ own purposes. We use third-party service providers for collecting or storing data which is not identifiable to you. These third-party service providers, such as Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, assist us in delivering and optimizing our services. Where we share your information with them, we ensure that we have appropriate agreements in place to protect your information (as required by applicable data protection laws).
In addition to the Game Progress Data, we may collect and process the following Personal Data from you that may be provided by you when you contact us for support (together, “
Your Information
”):
Your name;
Your address, telephone number and email address; and
Other Personal Data that you choose to disclose.
How to Access and Control Your Personal Information
You may decline to store data in iCloud or to send data to GameCenter. To turn off iCloud data storage, you must turn off iCloud in Apple Settings for our game. To stop sending data to GameCenter, you must sign out of GameCenter in Apple Settings.
You may decline to enter Multiplayer. Multiplayer is not enabled unless you give consent. You may change your consent options at any time in the in-game options menu.
Where We Store and Process Personal Data
The Game collects data and stores it on Apple services such as iCloud for Game saves and GameCenter for achievements. We do not store personal data on our servers.
Our Policy Towards Children
The Game collects, uses, and discloses data from children in the same way as for other users, as described in this policy. Game use of children’s data is limited to support internal operations of the Game. If you are a parent, you can decline to have that data collected from your child by turning off iCloud for our game and signing your child out of GameCenter.
HOW DO I ASK A QUESTION?
If you wish to exercise any rights that you have in respect of your Personal Data please refer to our general Keywords privacy policy, which is accessible
at
https://www.keywordsstudios.com/privacy-policy/
.
For inquiries about this Personal Data Protection Policy or Personal Data, please email
DataProtectionManager@keywordsstudios.com
Cookie Settings
We use cookies to improve your website experience.
Let us know your cookie preferences
We use
necessary cookies
to enable core functionality such as:
Security
Network Management
Accessibility
You can disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions
In addition to necessary cookies, our website may use analytical/ performance cookies, targeting cookies and functionality cookies: please click
‘More information’
below for further details
You can choose to allow or manage these additional cookies individually or you can select
‘Accept all’
.
If you choose to
‘Reject all’
, we will not use cookies for these additional purposes
View our cookie policy
Accept all
Reject all
Strictly necessary cookies
Analytical/performance cookies
Targeting cookies
Functionality cookies
Accept cookie selection
More information
Choose your cookie preferences
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies
These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Examples of these types of cookies include
Google Analytics
and
Hotjar
.
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Save Settings
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.keywordsstudios.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Back to previous page
Filter by
Filter by
By Topic
(
filters selected)
Search
Search
Reset all filters
Back to Search
Search
Back to By Topic
By Topic
Topic
AI
Services
Accessibility
Thought Leadership
Events
DEIB & People
Press Releases
Acquisitions
Reset all filters
View Results
Why DTC Web Stores are Gaining Popularity in the Games Industry
13/03/2025
Can dev teams make better use of player data?
05/03/2025
The Value of Experimentation and Incremental Innovation: Navigating the Path to AI-Driven Innovation in Game Development
24/02/2025
A Practical Guide to Automating Your Game Localization Workflow
17/02/2025
Supercharge Your Game Localization and Testing: The Power of AI and Strategic Partnerships
04/02/2025
Target 2025: Mastering Data-Driven Content Strategies for Video Gaming & Entertainment
27/01/2025
How Data Privacy Accelerates Innovation
23/01/2025
Outsourcing Game Art Services: 5 Tips for Collaborating with External Partners
21/01/2025
Developing the Star Trek-inspired Captains Log app without writing a line of code
16/12/2024
The Business Case for Accessibility
03/12/2024
Tips for Building an Outstanding Concept Art Portfolio
26/11/2024
Character Iteration with AI: Bringing Precision to AI-Driven Art
20/11/2024
Keywords Studios and EQT, together with CPP Investments and Temasek, announce acquisition completion
24/10/2024
Keywords Studios to acquire US-based studio Certain Affinity
18/10/2024
Choosing the Best Game Development Software in 2024
15/10/2024
You have viewed  15  of 237
Back
1
2
3
4
5
…
16
Next
Let us know you agree to cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
View cookie notice
Necessary cookies
Functional cookies
Advertising cookies
Performance cookies
Accept all
Accept
Reject
More information
Choose your cookie preferences
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Functional cookies
These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make to give you better functionality and personal features.
Advertising cookies
These cookies help us deliver online advertising through building a profile of your interests. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will still see online advertising but it will be less targeted.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website, for instance how visitors arrive on our site, which pages they visit most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don\'t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how our website works.
Save Settings
Cancel