Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy & Terms
Unik Apps Terms of Use
1. Terms
By using Unik Apps, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using the App. The materials contained in this App are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Unik Apps' website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Unik Apps' website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Unik Apps at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
Unik Apps shall have no liability for conduct in relation to your use of the App. You may not use the App unless you are the copyright holder or you have obtained all necessary rights and licenses to use all images and other material that make up your creation on or via the App.
The materials on Unik Apps' website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Unik Apps makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Unik Apps does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Unik Apps or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the App and the materials on Unik Apps' website, even if Unik Apps or a Unik Apps authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Unik Apps' website and the App could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Unik Apps does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Unik Apps may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Unik Apps does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Modifications
Unik Apps may revise these terms of use for its website and the App at any time without notice. By using this website and the App you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of use.
Unik Apps Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Unik Apps ("Unik", "us", "our" or "we") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you") regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and while you are operating our mobile applications available on Apple App Store and the iOS mobile platform (collectively, the "Services"). Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information you provide or we collect.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE EXPRESSING YOUR CONSENT TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR REVISED VERSION, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR APPS OR SERVICES.
Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we may collect and record certain information about your device, such as its International Mobile Equipment Identity ("IMEI"), Identifier for Advertising ("IDFA") and Identifier for Vendor ("IDFV"), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier ("ICCID"), Media Access Control ("MAC") address, model and resolution, which will be used by us to calculate the number of devices that use our products and Services and analyze data on device models and graphics adaptation.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with a correct version of the application and our better Services. Except otherwise provided in the Policy, we will not share this information with any third party. If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use such information, you may turn the internet access and/or GPS off at the device level or disable the relevant permission to our application.
Metadata
Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with user content ("Content") and can describe what, when, where, how, and by whom a piece of Content has been generated. When using our Services, we will use the metadata of the photos to provide more precise functions of "Facial Detection", "Key-Points Recognition", "Region Segmentation", "Content Tags" and the other customized function on the basis of the combination of the mentioned basic functions. This metadata is used to improve our Services and is NOT USED to identify and track our users individually. Additionally, we may from time to time with your consent, such as by the way of a special user program, collect and record photos to improve the technology behind our Services.
Advertising
We may collect and use information about you, such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address for the purpose of the tracking of the advertising. This information is used together to create a unique user number to help us to better count and track advertising based on language, geographic location, and other relevant details. This information is NOT SOLD to outside parties.
Information Collected by Third Parties
Third Parties Services
Our Services provided to you may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers. These third parties may use Cookies, Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and Software Development Kits (SDKs) on our Services and collect and analyze user information on our behalf. Third parties may access your information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address for the purposes of implementing our Services provided under their respective privacy policies. This Policy does not govern the use of third-party tracking tools. We have no access to or control over such third parties.
How We Use Your Information
We collect user information and personal details so that we can provide our products and Services to you and ensure our compliance with relevant laws. We will use your user information and personal details as provided under "The Information We Collect" for the following purposes:
Services. To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our Sites and/or our Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services provided through our devices or our Sites.
Statistical analysis. To develop and analyze statistics on the use of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products and our Services.
To provide location-based services. When you use our Services, we or third party service providers may take advantage of your location information to provide you with the correct version of our Services and help you gain good user experience.
To improve user experience. Certain optional features such as user experience programs allow Unik Apps to analyze data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience.
To provide push services. Your device information may be used by us to provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product releases. You may turn off this feature at any time by changing your preferences under "Settings".
To collect feedback from you. Your feedback is of great value in helping Unik Apps improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, Unik Apps may use the personal details provided by you to contact you and retain the records.
Limited Disclosure of Information
We will not sell any personal details to third parties. We have no right to share with or disclosure to third parties your personal details in whole or in part except for the purposes of:
Protecting the safety of any other individuals or property;
Preventing or dealing with any cyber fraud;
Safeguarding the lawful rights and interest of us and our users;
Taking action in line with our purposes as described in the "The Information We Collect" section, provided that recipient of any such disclosure by us is also bound by this Policy and can provide adequate protection for your information; and
Complying with laws and regulations, the order from the government authority or juridical decision, usually for the purpose of the protection of network security and the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others.
Security of Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures for the purpose of preventing loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of the Information. Please note that no data security measures can guarantee 100% security at all times. Our systems and the communications networks through which you access our services may be subject to security breaches and failures which are due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
Your Consent to International Transfer
You understand and agree that (i) we may collect and store your information, as outlined in this Policy, within servers located in the Peoples Republic of China ("PRC"), as well as other countries, and that this process would include international transfer of your information; and (ii) we may transfer information that we collect about you to our affiliated companies or to other third parties (please refer to "Third Party Services" in this Policy) across borders according to this Policy. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection capacity as your own jurisdiction, and you, therefore, consent to the transfer of information to PRC and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in the Policy.
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
The Policy, including, but not limited to, its conclusion, validity, construction, performance and settlement of the disputes, shall be governed by the laws of the Peoples Republic of China ("PRC"), without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law. Any disputes arising from, or in connection with the Policy shall be first settled through friendly negotiation between you and us. In the case where no settlement to the disputes can be reached through amicable negotiation, the disputes shall then be submitted to China International Economic And Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration in accordance with its arbitration rules in force at the time of application for arbitration. The arbitration shall proceed in Beijing, People's Republic of China. The arbitral award is final and binding upon both parties. The arbitration fees shall be borne by the losing party except otherwise awarded by the arbitration commission.
Amendment to the Policy
You agree that we may update or revise this Policy in order to comply with the laws and regulations or our new commercial arrangement and you consent to be bound by the revised version of this Policy.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE POLICY CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US SHALL BE RESOLVED BY A BINDING AND INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AS SET OUT UNDER THE POLICY.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it