Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which HEATONIST LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the heatonist.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by HEATONIST LLC.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
HEATONIST LLC collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site: We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature.
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails.
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent User's personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and Users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Third Party Websites
Users may find content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
HEATONIST LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we revise the Updated Date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
TCPA Compliance:
Text Marketing and notifications:
By entering your phone number in the checkout and initializing a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed 30 a month. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you within any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.
For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt-out please follow the procedures above.
GDPR Compliance:
Text Marketing Terms and Conditions:
We are using a text messaging platform, which is subject to the following terms and conditions. By opting-in for our text marketing and notifications in, you agree to these terms and conditions.
By entering your phone number in the checkout and initializing a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.
Your phone number, name, and purchase information will be shared with our SMS platform "SMSBump Inc, an European Union company with an office in Sofia, Bulgaria, EU. This data will be used for sending you targeted marketing messages and notifications. Upon sending the text messages, your phone number will be passed to a text messages operator to fulfill their delivery.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you within any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.
For any questions please text "HELP" to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt-out please follow the procedures above.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Terms of Service
By consenting to
HEATONIST
’s SMS marketing in the checkout and initializing a purchase or subscribing via our subscription tools, you agree to receive recurring text notifications (for your order, including abandoned checkout reminders), text marketing offers, and transactional texts, including requests for reviews from us, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal do-not-call list. Message frequency varies. Consent is not a condition of purchase.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications, reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you within any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests, will not be considered a reasonable means of opting out. We do not charge for the service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message and data rates may apply.
For any questions, please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also
contact us
for more information.
We have the right to modify any telephone number or short code we use to operate the service at any time. You will be notified on such occasions. You agree that any messages you send to a telephone number or short code we have changed, including any STOP or HELP requests, may not be received, and we will not be liable for honoring requests made in such messages.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy and the information you consent to share in relation to our SMS marketing service. We use this information to send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned checkout reminders), text marketing offers, and transactional texts, including requests for reviews from us.
Opt-in data and consent for text messaging will not be shared with any third-parties except for messaging partners, for the purpose of enabling and operating our text messaging program.
Our website uses cookies to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, including when you have abandoned your checkout. This information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with our company, please contact us at:
HEATONIST LLC
heatonist.com
121 Wythe Ave Brooklyn, NY 11249
718-599-0838
ilovehotsauce@heatonist.com
UPDATED DATE: July 31, 2023