Passport Photo Ireland End user Licence Agreement:
This End user License agreement is between you and Passport Photo Ireland and Governs use of this App made available through Apple App Store. By installing Passport Photo Ireland you agree to be bound by this agreement and completely understand that there is no tolerance for objectable content. If you don not agree with these following terms & conditions, you are not entitled you use Passport Photo Ireland App.
Privacy Statement
Passport Photo Ireland is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Passport Photo Ireland App and governs data collection and usage. By using the Passport Photo App, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your personal information
Passport Photo Ireland collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address Mobile number. Passport Photo Ireland also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your Post .
There is also information about your Mobile that is automatically collected by Passport Photo Ireland. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Passport Photo Ireland for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Passport Photo  Ireland App.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Passport Photo Ireland public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Passport Photo Ireland App does not read any of your private online communications.
Passport Photo Ireland App encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Passport Photo Ireland so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Passport Photo Ireland is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Passport Photo Ireland App or Web site.
Use of your personal information
Passport Photo  Ireland App collects and uses your personal information to operate the Passport Photo Ireland App and Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Passport Photo Ireland App also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Passport Photo Ireland App and its affiliates.
Customer’s photo will be on our server and third party’s server for 6 months and will be deleted after that.
Passport Photo Ireland App contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, Photo-Me International may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Passport Photo Ireland App, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Passport Photo Ireland App will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Passport Photo Ireland App; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Passport Photo Ireland App; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Passport Photo Ireland App, or the public.
To whom is your Personal Data provided?
The Personal Data that we collect is provided as follows:
To the accredited members of our personnel so they can perform the services requested, respond to your requests or perform the work required or related to operation and use of our site;
To third-party service providers in their capacity as sub-contractors to whom we sub-contract for the performance of the requested services;
To the administrative or legal authorities assigned with investigative and security missions, insofar as required due to a legal obligation or judicial or legal ruling;
Within the framework of use of the E photo or  service for passport photo, we provide your Personal Data to www.dfa.ie Authority for Secure Documents;
Within the framework of use of payment by bank card, we provide your Personal Data to the payment service provider with whom we work;
These recipients are subjected to strict confidentiality and security obligations and shall have access to the Personal Data for reasons limited to the processing purposes stated above.
Assuming that we work with sub-contractors, we inform you that we give strict instructions to the sub-contractors with whom we work in written contracts and we request that they do not use your Personal Data for any other purposes than those for which your Personal Data were collected initially. We also impose strict obligations on them with respect to data confidentiality, security, access management, restricted use of data and restitution or deletion of data in compliance with the requirements of the applicable legislation and the contract we undertook with you.
Any communication of Personal Data shall be done in compliance with the applicable legislation on protection of Personal Data and with the European Data Protection Regulation so as to guarantee the security, integrity and confidentiality of your personal data
Transfers of Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area
We do not transfer your Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
How long is your Personal Data kept?
Your Personal Data is kept for the duration of the commercial relationship and for the time required for the purposes described in this Personal Data Policy:
If you are subscribed to a newsletter: throughout the term of your subscription,
If you have a user account: until your account is closed,
When you pay for the use or the purchase of a Service proposed by a booth or a terminal by bank card, we do not keep your banking data (number of the credit/debit card).
Beyond these periods, your Personal Data shall be kept for the applicable legally required periods to enable us to comply with our regulatory or legal obligation, or to enable us to establish proof of a right or a contract.
When you use the E photos service or photo  for passport renewal, we keep your photograph and your photo  for a period of six months then this data is destroyed.
What are your rights? How can you exercise them?
In compliance with the legislation that applies to data protection and to the European Data Protection Regulation, you have the following rights relating to the protection of your Personal Data:
Right of access – you have the right to request information about photo  processing of your Personal Data and to obtain a copy of your Personal Data.
Right to rectification – you have the right to obtain, without undue delay, rectification of your Personal Data that is inaccurate and the right to complete your Personal Data.
Right to erasure – you have the right to obtain, without undue delay, erasure of your Personal Data where the conditions for erasure are met.
This is the case, for example, where:
Your Personal Data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The sole legal grounds for the processing was your consent and you have withdrawn your consent,
You object to the processing of your Personal Data for reasons relating to your specific situation and we cannot prove that there is a legitimate and imperious reason that overrides in favour of processing your Personal Data,
Your Personal Data was unlawfully processed
Your Personal Data must be erased in compliance with a legal obligation
If Passport Photo App Ireland has communicated your Personal Data to third parties, those third parties shall be informed of the erasure, if that is required by law.
Please note that your right to erasure is subject to restrictions.
Passport Photo App Ireland shall not be responsible, for example for erasing your Personal Data that are stored in compliance with the legally-required periods or where Passport Photo App Ireland needs them to exercise its rights, carry out and defend legal proceedings. This is excluded from your right to erasure.
Right to withdraw consent– If processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to this processing. The data collection operation that took place earlier does not necessarily become unlawful.
Right to object – you have the right to object to processing of your Personal Data for reasons that are due to your personal situation, when we process your Personal Data on the basis of our legitimate interest. You also have an unlimited right to objection if Passport Photo App Ireland processes your data for direct marketing purposes.
Right to the restriction of processing – you have the right to obtain restriction of processing (such as marking personal data so as to restrict all later processing), under certain conditions:
Where you contest the accuracy of the Personal Data and Passport Photo Ireland must verify the accuracy of this data
Where processing of the data is unlawful and you request restriction of their use instead of erasure
Where Passport Photo Ireland no longer needs the Personal Data for the purposes of the processing but you need them for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
Where you have objected to the processing pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of Passport Photo Ireland override your interests Where processing of the data has been restricted, such data shall only be processed, with the exception of storage, with your consent, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or of a Member State.
Right to data portability – Where the processing of the data is based on your consent or on a contract and carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your Personal Data that you provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable form. You also have the right to transmit your Personal Data to another data controller.
Complaints – you have the right to file a complaint with a data protection Supervisory Authority if you consider that your Personal Data have been unlawfully processed. This right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy. 
You also have the right to define the provisions for the fate of your Personal Data after death
If you wish to exercise your rights, please send a request to do so by email to the following address: irelandphotocode@gmail.com
Please note that for security reasons related to the need to verify the identity of any person sending a request, you may be requested to provide additional information so as to verify your identity when you exercise your rights.
Children's Privacy
This App does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. We have restricted access to the feature that allows uploading of photos by requiring payment through the Paypal. If you are a parent or guardian and you noticed that your child has provided us with personally identifiable information, or you have provided us with their personally identifiable information that you want us to remove, please contact us. We will take necessary actions to remove the information from our servers.
Contact us
For any questions or comments on this Personal Data Policy, please contact us at irelandphotocode@gmail.com.
Updates to this policy.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time and will keep it up to date so please visit this page again to check for the latest version.