Privacy Policy
Who we are
We are Veengu – software provider for digital wallets, e-money, and payment ecosystems. Our web site address is
https://veengu.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
What personal information we collect about you
We may collect and use any of the following information about you: your name, your company and/or personal email address, your phone number, your company name, your job title, other information provided by you explicitly at
Veengu website
and/or within
Veengu demo mobile apps
downloaded from mobile app stores and
demo portals
.
While using demo mobile apps and portals we kindly request users not to upload sensitive information except phone number, email and name. Users shall use not real data and placeholders when appropriate.
The following information created and recorded automatically when you visit our website: IP address, country from which you access information, pages visited, browser, operating system and platform information, information about your visit and your behavior on our Website.
The following
following information created and recorded automatically when you use our demo mobile apps: IP address, country from which you access information, operating system and device information, information about your visit and your behavior within demo apps. To show some features of demo app it may request the following:
access to contact book for demo P2P transfer by phone number,
access to photos and access to camera for demo onboarding scenario & demo P2P and P2M transfers using QR code,
access to push notifications for demo notifications about events happening with user profile such as demo money transfers,
access to biometric authentication functions of device for demo authentication scenario.
How we use your personal information
We use this personal information to enhance our website and perform analysis of the locations from which visitors access our webpages.
We collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
to receive enquiries from you
to enhance our website
to enhance our demo apps and portals
to perform analysis of the locations from which visitors access our website
We gather visitors’ contact information only if visitors:
fill Contact forms at our website,
leave comments at our website,
use our demo mobile app and/or portal and fill its forms with requested data.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
If you upload images to the mobile app, you shall avoid to upload real photos and scans of real documents and use instead non-sensitive demo images. Veengu team may get access to this data when viewing activity at demo environment. We regularly clean up demo environment and purge all uploaded media files.
Contact forms
We use contact information left by visitors for marketing purposes only if such an option is selected by a visitor.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use the following analytics services:
Google Analytics (see
https://analytics.google.com/
for its Privacy Policies)
Yandex Metrica (see
https://metrica.yandex.com/
for its Privacy Policies)
Who we share your data with
We do not share any personal data with anyone.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
For users that register within our demo apps, we store just contact data such as name, email, and phone number. All other information is regularly purged as part of demo environment lifecycle. Demo environment  administrators can see data provided by you within demo apps and portals.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
To remove any information from demo environment please request this via Contact Form. Data will be deleted within five working days.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments and Contact Form data may be checked through an automated spam detection service like:
Google reCAPTCHA (see
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/
for its Privacy Policies)
Contact
information
In case of any issues please contact us via Contact Form.
Linkedin
Twitter
Veengu is a SaaS for operating electronic money, wallets, and digital financial services.
Solutions
White Label Mobile Wallet
Digital Wallet Solution
Electronic Money (EMI) Software
Mobile Money Platform
Neobanking and Fintech Platform
White Label Mobile Wallet
Digital Wallet Solution
Electronic Money (EMI) Software
Mobile Money Platform
Neobanking and Fintech Platform
Platform
About Our Platform
Core Banking System for Fintech
White-label fintech mobile apps
Project services and consulting
About Our Platform
Core Banking System for Fintech
White-label fintech mobile apps
Project services and consulting
Resources
Blog & News
Jobs
Veengu for developers
API
Blog & News
Jobs
Veengu for developers
API