Cancel Preloader
S
N
K
I
T
S
O
L
U
T
I
O
N
S
Home
About Us
Services
We Offer
Hire Designer
Hire Graphic
                                            Designer
Hire 2D
                                            Animation Designer
Hire Web
                                            Designer
Hire PHP Developer
Hire iOS Developer
Hire Android
                                    Developer
Hire Game Developer
Portfolio
Team
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
1.  Introduction
SNK IT Solutions is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users.
This privacy policy governs the relationship between you and SNK IT Solutions & describes the
                            ways we collect, store, use, and manage your personal information (including but not limited
                            to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social
                            networking websites and other third party sites, user names, screen names and e-mail and
                            mail addresses, Internet Protocol address) and your non-personal information (including but
                            not limited to number of accesses, browser type and language, referring web site addresses,
                            session activity and general geo-location information), collectively information, that you
                            provide or we collect in connection with our services.
As detailed in SNK IT Solutions’ terms of use, our services comprise games, websites
                            including but not limited to , and the SNK IT Solutions services provided on or through the
                            websites, locally installed mobile web applications including but not limited to games and
                            various API services and other services that we may offer from time to time, including
                            without being limited to social, online and/or other games and applications (including
                            mobile applications), community forums, and blogs.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you access, play or use the services. Your right to use
                            the services is subject to your compliance with all of the terms and conditions set forth
                            herein. Use of the services is also governed by our terms of use, which is available online
                            at section 13 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Before accessing or using the services, including browsing the websites or accessing the
                            applications, you must agree to this privacy policy and to the terms of use. You may also be
                            required to register an account in the services.
By registering an account or otherwise using the services, you warrant that you are age 13 or
                            older and that you understand and agree to this privacy policy. If you are between the 13
                            and 17 years old, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to this
                            policy.
If you do not want SNK IT Solutions to collect, store, use or share your information in the
                            ways described in this privacy policy, you should not play our games or use our services.
By entering, connecting to, accessing or using the services, you agree to the terms and
                            conditions set forth in this privacy policy, including to the possible collection and
                            processing of your personal information, as described herein. If you or, as applicable, your
                            legal guardian, disagree to any term or condition provided herein, you may not install,
                            access and/or use the services and you are requested to promptly erase the applications, and
                            any part thereof, from your mobile device.
If you are under the age of eighteen, you hereby represent that your legal guardian has
                            reviewed and agreed to this privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy describes:
– what information from the users is collected, how it is collected, and why;
– how that information is used and with whom we share it;
– how you can access and update that information;
– your rights and choices about how we collect, use, and share your information;
– how we protect the information about you.
2.  Collection And Use Of Information From SNK IT Solutions
1. Information About You That We collect
When you use our services, we may collect both your Personal and Non-Personal information.
We use the information collected through our services for the purposes described in this
                            policy or disclosed to you in connection with our services.
SNK IT Solutions may allow third parties, including but not limited to ad networks,
                            advertisers, analytics companies, payment processors and platform providers, collectively
                            'Partners', to collect your information for their own use.
The use of your information by SNK IT Solutions and its partners is regulated under the terms
                            of this privacy policy, as further described below.
The use of our services is strictly forbidden for children under the age of four 4
                            (“Children”). Note that we do not intend to and do not knowingly collect personal
                            information from children and do not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of
                            age at any stage so that we can verify that children are not using the services.
If we learn that we have collected personal information from children, we will delete that
                            information as quickly as possible. Please contact us at  if you have any reason to believe
                            that SNK IT Solutions has collected personal information from children. Upon your
                            notification, we will investigate it promptly and take our necessary measures to remedy that
                            unintended personal information collection as quickly as possible.
2. Information About You That We use
The information we collect is used by us to provide a better service experience, including
                            but not limited to the following:
– to operate, improve and optimize the services and the users experiences;
– to provide technical support and respond to users inquiries;
– to protect the safety and well-being of the users;
– to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our terms of
                            service;
– to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising;
– to notify players of in-game updates, new products or promotional offers;
– to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or
                            events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
– to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other
                            users, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; and
– to conduct research.
3. Information About You That We share
We may share your information with partners or allow them to collect your information from
                            our services for the purposes described herein:
(1) We may share your information with our partners for their own marketing purposes subject
                            to their separate privacy policies. If you no longer wish to allow us to share your
                            information with partners, please contact us at support@snkitsolutions.com. If you no longer
                            wish to receive communications from partners, please contact that partner directly.
(2) SNK IT Solutions may engage partners to perform services on our behalf, like processing
                            payments, analyzing data, optimizing game play, delivering e-mails, hosting services, and
                            helping us in our marketing efforts, including managing and delivering contextual and
                            tailored advertisements. Such partners may have access to your information in connection
                            with the performance of these services.
(3) We may disclose your information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena,
                            or when We believe that such release is appropriate to comply with the law, to investigate a
                            fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights, or protect the rights,
                            property, or safety of us, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with
                            other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
(4) Our website is a service from wordpress and they may use cookies and usage data to
                            perform analysis. We also use web services such as parse to store usernames and passwords.
                            To check how wordpress and warse work and their privacy policies, see at section 13.
If you have any questions about how the partners use your information or for how long they
                            keep it, please refer to their privacy policies at section 13.
3. Collection And Use Of Information By Third Parties
1. Ad Networks
SNK IT Solutions publishes advertising on the services so that it can continue to offer many
                            of the services for free. The Ad Networks may collect and use your information, such as:
– performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
– aggregated and/or de-identified information about you and other users collectively that is
                            not intended to specifically identify you;
– certain technical information (for example, IP addresses, MAC address, IMEI,
                            non-persistent device identifiers such as IDFAs, and de-identified persistent device
                            identifiers such as a hashed Android ID);
– geo-location information; and
– other contextual data about your game play (for example, your session activity).
The information collected may be used to:
                            – measure how effective advertisements are, to offer you targeted advertising in order to
                            personalize your experience by showing you advertisements for products and services that are
                            more likely to appeal to You (a practice known as behavioral advertising); and/or
– undertake web analytics (like google analytics which is used to analyze traffic and other
                            user activity to improve your experience).
Ad Networks may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like
                            browser cookies and web beacons, and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple
                            tracking technologies at the same time. Those practices are subject to those Ad Networks own
                            policies.
Please note that by clicking on an advertisement you may be redirected to a website that is
                            not hosted by SNK IT Solutions.
In addition, you may see our services advertised in other games, applications, websites and
                            places. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing or accessing the
                            services, you will become a user of our services. In order to verify the installation of the
                            application, a persistent identifier (such as IP address, unique device identifier or
                            advertising identifier) may be shared with the third party who published our advertisement.
If you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from Ad Networks, please
                            see the provisions below.
Opting Out of third party tailored advertising
You can opt out from tailored advertising and see your choices to prevent Ad Networks from
                            delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising by visiting the following websites for
                            each country: at section 13
– United States advertising: Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page or Digital
                            Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page
– European advertising: your online choices UK website for EU-based advertising.
– SNK IT Solutions does not provide these opt-out tools, we do not control, operate or
                            endorse them or the choices that Ad Networks and others provide through these tools.
Moreover, if you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from Ad
                            Networks, You may opt-out by adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device. You can also
                            reset the advertising identifier (IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will
                            prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to the previous advertising
                            identifier.
Please note that you may still receive advertisements from Ad Networks within SNK IT
                            Solutions’s services even if you opt-out of tailored advertising. However, these
                            advertisements will not be based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps.
Also, depending on the type of device you have, in order to opt-out of tailored advertising
                            you will need to change settings on your device.
Opting out on iOS devices such as iPhones, iPads or iPods
If you have an apple device, you can opt out of tailored advertising by updating to iOS 6.0
                            or higher, and setting 'Limit Ad Tracking' to 'ON'. You can do this by going to your
                            'Settings' and clicking on 'Privacy', then 'Advertising', and then turning the 'Limit Ad
                            Tracking' setting to 'ON'. Our system is designed to respect your choice and not use your
                            information to provide tailored advertising when this setting is ON.
Opting Out on Android Devices
If you have an android device and would like to opt out of tailored advertising, you can do
                            so by entering your phone’s Android ID by going to your Settings, and under the accounts
                            section click on 'Google' then click on 'Ads' and then click on the 'Opt out of
                            interest-based ads'.
2. Mobile Analytics
SNK IT Solutions allows analytics providers to use and collect users’ personal and non
                            personal information, such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific
                            location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, your Internet Protocol
                            (IP) address, device type, operating system, the links and advertisements on our services
                            that you clicked on, the amount of time you interact with the services, the events that
                            occur within the services, performance data and other statistics.
We give this information to analytics providers for them to analyze in order to improve and
                            enhance the services by expanding their features and functionalities and tailoring them to
                            our users’ needs and preferences. We also use the persistent identifier to generate and
                            aggregate non-identifying information about how our services are used. We do not link the
                            information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit
                            within the services.
If you do not want your information to be collected by analytics providers, you can install
                            an opt-out in your web browser.
Please refer to our list of analytics providers and for more information on how to opt out at
                            section 13.
3. Social Media Features and Game Center Features
Our websites include social media features, such as the Facebook 'Like Button'. These social
                            features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the websites, and may
                            set a cookie to enable the social feature to function properly. Social Features are hosted
                            by a third party or hosted directly on the websites.
Your interactions with these social features are governed by the privacy policy of the
                            respective company providing them. You can see their privacy policy here at section 13.
Our applications may enable using certain game center features and may include social
                            features as well. The Game Center features and the Social features are operated or allow for
                            social integration with certain third party social networks, e.g. Facebook Connect, or third
                            party platforms.
These Social Networks and Social Platforms are created and maintained by third parties who
                            are not affiliated with and/or controlled by SNK IT Solutions.
If you enable this integration with such social networks and social platforms, your use of
                            the game center features and/or the social features is subject to the applicable social
                            partners’ terms of use and privacy policies, for example:
Apple Game Center which terms are available at:
Google Play Games which terms are available at:
Amazon GameCircle feature which terms are available at:
and
Microsoft (Windows Phone), which terms are available at:
section 13.
You should ensure that you have read the social terms in order to comprehend how they treat
                            your information and to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings
                            on the social networks and social platforms.
If you do not agree to the practices described in the social terms You should not allow the
                            applications to interact with such social networks or social platforms, however you may find
                            that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available by the
                            applications.
You understand that where you allow interaction with any social network or social platform,
                            we may share data about you with your contacts, and vice versa, so that you may enjoy game
                            features and social features. This data may include, without limitation, your scores and/or
                            progress in our applications, your name, your social media profile picture, descriptions of
                            your service activity and any test that you may upload. Your contacts will also be able to
                            send you requests through the related social network or social platform.
The use of social features or game features enables the sharing of information with your
                            contacts or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the social partner that
                            provides such features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share content via
                            social networks or social platforms your content may become public and any person may
                            re-post-it. Your interactions with these social features or game features are governed by
                            the privacy policy of the company providing them.
4. Cookies and Related Technologies
SNK IT Solutions may allow Partners to place or recognize industry-wide technologies such as
                            cookies, APIs, and SDKs and/or other tracking technologies. Such partners’ cookies are
                            stored on your device by partners, rather than by SNK IT Solutions.
Partners cookies usually store only non-personal information, such as the web pages you have
                            visited, the duration of your browsing, etc. This privacy policy does not cover the use of
                            tracking tools by partners. SNK IT Solutions does not have access or control over its
                            partners. In order to understand the functioning of partners cookies or related technologies
                            used in our services, please visit the links below: at section 13.
Opting Out Of Cookies And Related Technologies
It is easy to prohibit the partners cookies. Most browsers will allow you to erase partners
                            cookies from your device’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning
                            before a partner cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase partners cookies, your
                            online experience may be limited, because partners cookies are necessary to track and
                            enhance your services activities. You can check partners cookies policy here at section 13.
4. In-App Purchase
Although some of our applications are free, they may include in-app purchases.
All app purchases are made through our partners’ stores. Therefore, in order to make an app
                            purchase, you will need to access your app store account, which may imply the entering of
                            the app store password. You hereby agree and acknowledge that you are responsible for
                            maintaining the security of your store password.
You should be aware that some stores may display a short window after the downloading of an
                            Application, during which app purchases may be made without inserting your store password.
                            You can either able or disable the activation of such window, by accessing the settings on
                            your device. You should also take into account that OS 2.1 or older versions of android
                            mobile phones do not require entering of the store password to carry out app purchases.
Regarding your privacy and in order to prevent accidental or unwanted purchases, you can
                            create a specific password/pin to prevent it from happening at Apple, Google Play, Windows
                            Phone and Amazon.
Please note that purchases of stores’ credits or currencies may also be subject to their own
                            policies.
5. Purchase Of Merchandise
Some of our services may contain links which will redirect the user to a third party website
                            where they may purchase certain merchandise which are offered for sale or otherwise
                            distributed by third party vendors.
The vendors are responsible for the merchandise and the merchandise operations. The vendors
                            may collect personal information from users who wish to purchase merchandise, which is
                            required in order to enable the purchase transaction.
SNK IT Solutions will not collect, use or have any access to this personal information
                            collected by vendors. Such personal information will be collected, maintained, shared,
                            transferred and/or used in accordance with the applicable vendor’s privacy policy and terms
                            of use.
When buying an item of merchandise, you are subject to and you agree to the applicable
                            vendor's terms, and you are responsible for reading such vendor’s terms in full before
                            purchasing any such items of merchandise in order to understand how the vendor treats your
                            information. If you do not agree to the practices described in such vendor’s terms you
                            should not acquire their merchandise.
6. Local Notifications
With your consent, we may send local notifications in order to inform you about our products
                            and services, to communicate you of applications updates and to reengage you in terms of
                            using the application. Local notifications are local, contextual and sent in-app only and
                            not from a server or in conjunction with other user information. By clicking on the 'Allow'
                            button you accept local notifications, but you may disable these messages at any time by
                            turning off the notifications from the 'Options' or 'Settings' page within the Application.
7. Security Of Your Information
We implement appropriate security measures to protect the security of your information both
                            online and offline. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated
                            securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the services in a
                            secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the
                            absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems.
Furthermore, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and
                            systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party 'hackers'
                            from illegally obtaining access to this information.
We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against loss, misuse,
                            or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of
                            electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
                            SNK IT Solutions will not be liable for any harm or damage suffered by you due to any loss,
                            misuse, or alteration of your information by third parties.
8. Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide
                            you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your
                            information to provide you services, please contact us at support@snkitsolutions.com. We
                            will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
                            resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you want to know for how long our partners keep your information, please refer to their
                            privacy policies at section 13.
9. Changes To Our Privacy Policy
SNK IT Solutions reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove
                            portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the services.
                            You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Services.
If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the then-current version of our Privacy
                            Policy, the Terms of Use, or any other SNK IT Solutions policy, rules or codes of conduct,
                            your license to use the services shall immediately terminate, and you must immediately stop
                            using the Services.
10. Contact Us
If You have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or
                            practices, please send an e-mail to support@snkitsolutions.com.
11. Partners Terms Privacy Policy and Opt Out
Partners
Terms
Privacy Policy
Opt Out
Apps Stores
Apple App Store and Game center
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
http://www.apple.com/privacy/
Google Play
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html
Amazon
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201371550
Windows Phone
N/A
Ad Networks
AdExchange
Admob
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Applovin
Chartboost
N/A
Inmobi
http://www.inmobi.com/terms/privacy-policy/
http://www.inmobi.com/inmobi-privacy-policy/opt-out/
MobileCore
https://www.mobilecore.com/privacy-policy
N/A
Mopub
http://www.mopub.com/mopub-ads-privacy-policy/
Playhaven/Rockyou
http://rockyou.com/ry/privacypolicy
StartApp
Smaato
http://www.smaato.com/privacy
Vungle
Online Analytics
Appsflyer
Google Analytics
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Flurry
http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html
https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
CONTACT US NOW
You Need Help?
GET A QUOTE
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.apple.com/privacy/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy.
Wallet and Apple Pay
When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants.
When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple Cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
Siri learns what you need. Not who you are.
Siri
Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine.
When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri.
Apple News leaves what you read off the record.
Apple News
Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account.
You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy.
Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone.
Join a free session
Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data.
Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data.
View (PDF)
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative
We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of color globally.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Supply Chain Innovation
We prioritize providing safe, respectful, and supportive workplaces for everyone.
Learn more
Inclusion and Diversity
We’re holding ourselves accountable for creating a culture where everyone belongs.
Learn more
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html:

Sub-policy 2
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy:
admob.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Earn more revenue with your apps.
You work hard on your app. AdMob makes earning revenue easy with in-app ads, actionable insights, and powerful, easy-to-use tools that grow your app business.
Get started
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
light-bulb icon
Smarter tech, more revenue
As one of the largest global ad networks, the AdMob Network can fill your ad requests from anywhere in the world. Maximize the value of every impression across all your networks with the most advanced monetization technology.
rising-rate icon
High-performing ad formats
Engage and retain your users with our innovative ad formats. Customize the user experience and earn more revenue by integrating native, rewarded, banner, video, and interstitial ads seamlessly into your app.
bar-graph icon
Actionable analytics
Make smarter decisions to grow mobile app earnings and improve customer experience. AdMob’s robust reporting and measurement features deliver deeper insights into how your users are interacting with your mobile app and ads. Gain even richer insights by directly integrating Google Analytics for Firebase with AdMob.
wrench icon
Automated tools
Streamline your day-to-day mediation tasks with our automated tools. Easy to set up and integrate, our tools offer everything from state-of-the-art brand safety controls to advanced monetization technology with mediation and bidding.
Learn more
Get higher revenue for impressions with bidding
Bidding allows your ad sources to bid on each impression in real time. Since all participating networks compete at the same priority, the winner of any impression is the highest-paying bid.
Learn about AdMob bidding
Drive revenue
See how much you could earn from AdMob
To view your potential earnings, select a region and category for your app’s users.
Select a region
Asia and Pacific Countries
Europe, Middle East and Africa
North America
South America
Select a device
Android
iOS
Select a category
Autos & Vehicles
Books & Reference
Business
Communication
Education
Entertainment
Finance
Fitness & Wellness
Food & Drink
Games
Home & Garden
Law & Government
Lifestyle
Medical
Music & Audio
News & Magazines
Personalization
Photo & Video
Productivity
Real Estate
Science
Shopping
Social
Sports & Recreation
Tools
Transportation
Travel
Calculate
Your app users location and content category is set as
Try a different content category
Monthly Active Users
50,000
Your potential annual revenue
This is an estimate and should be only used as a reference.
$
2
,
5
,
0
,
0
,
0
,
0
,
Get started
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
*
There's no guarantee or commitment that you'll earn this amount. Estimates are based on the content category and region and OS you selected. Actual revenue is dependent on many factors such as advertiser demand, user location, user device, content vertical, seasonality, ad size, currency exchange rates, country and specific operating system regulations. Also, due to COVID-19 the effective expected revenue could be less than the one displayed.
Are you a game developer?
Check out AdMob for Games.
earth icon
Everywhere
AdMob helps translate your hard work into earnings from around the world with features like multiple currency support, country-level mediation, and high fill rates.
AdMob helps translate your hard work into earnings from around the world with features like multiple currency support, country-level mediation, and high fill rates.
size icon
Every size
Whether you’re just starting out or you’re well on your way, AdMob can help your business grow with features like mediation groups, in-house campaigns, and direct deal support that scale to your needs.
Whether you’re just starting out or you’re well on your way, AdMob can help your business grow with features like mediation groups, in-house campaigns, and direct deal support that scale to your needs.
category icon
Every category
We know one size doesn’t fit all. That’s why we cater to every app category, from
Games
to Utilities, with ad formats to fit your unique needs.
Talk to an expert
for your personal consultation.
We know one size doesn’t fit all. That’s why we cater to every app category, from
Games
to Utilities, with ad formats to fit your unique needs.
Talk to an expert
for your personal consultation.
81%
of the Android top 1000 use AdMob.
97%
of AdAge 100 world's largest advertisers buy ads on AdMob.
1 million +
apps use AdMob.
1 million +
Google advertisers are on AdMob.
AdMob is able to provide advertiser demand in more than 200 countries for us. We have seen really competitive, consistently high CPMs from AdMob across a variety of formats — from text interstitials to rich media and video.
Mike Evans
,
VP, Digital Marketing
,
SEGA Networks
Getting Started is easy.
Sign up for AdMob and get more from your app today.
Sign up
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
Guide
Rewarded ads: a win for users, developers, and advertisers
Guide
How developers can maximize app revenue with AdMob mediation
Guide
Mobile ads: the key to monetizing gaming apps
1
See more
Sub-policy 3
http://www.inmobi.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
We are very sorry for the inconvenience.
Looks like the page you’re looking for does not exist.
HOMEPAGE
Sub-policy 4
http://www.inmobi.com/inmobi-privacy-policy/opt-out/:
We are very sorry for the inconvenience.
Looks like the page you’re looking for does not exist.
HOMEPAGE
Sub-policy 6
http://www.mopub.com/mopub-ads-privacy-policy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 8
http://www.smaato.com/privacy:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, and Mobile IDs. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 9
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 10
http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12