Privacy Notice version 1
Last updated on 8 March 2021
This Privacy Notice sets out the basis on which we will process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us.
1. Who we are
The FIT Count app collects the results of Flower-Insect Timed Counts from countries around the world. It is operated by the
UK Centre for Ecology & Hydrology
(UKCEH), and made available for use by partner organisations in other countries.
UKCEH is an independent, not-for-profit research institute and is a registered Charity in England & Wales (number 1185618) and in Scotland (number SC049849), and a registered Company Limited by Guarantee in England & Wales (number 11314957).
UKCEH is strategically funded by the Natural Environment Research Council, part of
UK Research and Innovation
.
UKCEH is the controller for all processing of personal data for the purposes of the FIT Count app. The UKCEH Privacy Notice is
here
.
2. Why are we collecting your information?
UKCEH is collecting your personal data in order to administer, run and share results from FIT Counts. When you submit counts, your name will be included alongside the count information (including location and time of count) to form the ‘count data’. You may be contacted with queries about the records you provide for the purpose of validating and verifying the survey data. You can also opt in to receiving information and feedback regarding FIT Counts, and to direct you towards external resources that are relevant to your contribution.
We will collect the following personal data about you:
Name
Email address
Location and date of any FIT Counts you submit
In data protection terms we are using the ‘lawful basis’ of ‘legitimate interest’ for collecting, processing and sharing your personal data.
All data held by UKCEH is compliant to UK data protection legislation and the basis on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, is covered by the UKCEH privacy notice.
In addition to the information we ask you to provide through the app, we also collect information automatically about visits to the site using Google Analytics and in our server logs. This does not include any personal data but does include:
Your IP address
The pages you request, when you request them, and how you interact with them
The type of device and browser you use
We use this information to support our work in various ways including monitoring performance, improving design, protecting against malicious behaviour and supporting funding applications.
3. How are we storing your information and will we share it?
All of your personal data that we collect will be stored securely in a database for as long as you are signed up to take part in FIT Counts. If you no longer wish to be registered for FIT Counts, please contact
poms@ceh.ac.uk
to let us know. The component of your personal data that forms part of the count data (i.e. your name as a recorder, and the location and time of the record) will be kept permanently as part of the scientific dataset.
Sharing your email address with others
We will not openly publish your email address.  Expert volunteers working with us, who we appoint to the role of verifier, will have access to your email address in order to carry out their role in support of biodiversity monitoring.
Sharing your name that forms part of the count data
Data from the FIT Counts will be shared with other organisations and individuals worldwide for purposes of scientific research. Your name will be included as part of the scientific records in these datasets. As use of count data is for research in the public interest it is retained as part of our work and your personal data (recorder and verifier name) will remain public; open data can be downloaded, remixed, and redistributed by third parties.
Where data is openly published it will be available to anyone and it will be available for use anywhere.
Other than as set out above, and except where we have a legal obligation to so do, we will not share your personal data with anyone else, and will adhere to current UK Data Protection Legislation at all times.
4. Your rights and our contact details
You are entitled to access any of your personal data that we hold. You can view the personal data we hold of yours by logging in to your account on the FIT Count website. Alternatively please contact
poms@ceh.ac.uk
with as much detail as possible on the information you would like us to provide and we will aim to respond within one month.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where we have relied on legitimate interest as the lawful basis for processing. You also have the right to request that we restrict or stop processing, rectify or delete your personal data (with the exception of names from datasets that have already been published openly). Where the personal data we hold has not been supplied by yourself, you are entitled to ask how we obtained the personal data. You can request that your FIT Count user account is cancelled at any time by emailing
poms@ceh.ac.uk
Please contact
cehdataprotection@ceh.ac.uk
if you wish to progress any of these rights.
If you have any concerns about how your personal data is being used, we will try to answer any questions you have. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have the right to an effective judicial remedy against decisions of the Information Commissioner’s Office.
5. Changes to the Privacy Notice for the FIT Count app
This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time. The latest version will always be available at
fitcount.ceh.ac.uk/privacy-notice
. If changes are made to this Privacy Notice in the future, a prominent notice will be posted on the website.