Privacy Policy
This privacy statement is applicable to Heartbeat Chat, Inc and all its affiliates. The policy aims to respect and protect the privacy of our users.
Heartbeat Chat, Inc
(hereafter referred to as "Company" or "heartbeat.chat") does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and message boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas.
Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from the Company and/or any third parties.
While the Company does not anticipate a large number of children accessing our website, we are committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our sites and applications. Our Company has established practices compliant with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) regarding children’s personal information.
Heartbeat.chat is sharing personally identifiable information with Google Analytics, Mixpanel, and Fullstory (acting as its site traffic gathering agents for this limited purpose) for the sole purpose of gathering statistical data on visitors to the site and the pages viewed by those visitors. If you wish to opt out, visit Google Analytics' privacy center, Mixpanel Privacy Center, and Fullstory Privacy Center, respectfully. You may also email
privacy@heartbeat.chat
to join the Company's official "Do Not Track" list and opt out of all current and future site tracking.
Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, the Company reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
The Company may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the Company’s rights or property, other Company users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. The Company may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
The Company reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. The Company will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that the Company may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through the Company’s site. The Company are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information.
Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the Company’s sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the Company.
Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the Company’s internet servers or through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that the Company cannot or does not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for the Company. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Company’s site.
Users that choose to connect their Google account will provide Heartbeat access to their Google Calendar. Heartbeat only uses Google Calendar data to sync event data between Heartbeat & the user's Google Calendar. Heartbeat does not access, modify or store any Google Calendar event data that was not created via Heartbeat. Upon leaving Heartbeat, the user's integration with Google is discarded and Heartbeat does not maintain access to the user's Google Calendar. Heartbeat does not share any Google Calendar data with third parties.
Upon request, the Company will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, the Company will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
We retain your personal data for enough time to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We aim to remove unused personal data quickly and efficiently to protect user privacy. The length for which we retain any personal data depends on the type of data and the purpose for which we process that data.
The foregoing policies are effective as of
January 1, 2021
. The Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Company’s Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the Company’s sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Web site's privacy statement, contact the Company via
privacy@heartbeat.chat
.
As our Company is headquartered in the United States, we adhere most closely with applicable federal and state laws. We do, however, value our non-US users. The Company has implemented policies to adhere to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) which includes strict data protection principles that organizations must follow in order to protect the personal information they collect about their clients or people who visit their websites. While many rules and actions may be the same in the US and EU, there may be specific instances of policy differences. If you are concerned about how your personal information is being collected in connection with GDPR, please use this contact information and reach out to the Company:
privacy@heartbeat.chat
Start a free trial —>
X
X
You could launch today. Seriously.
Join 5,000+ community builders that trust Heartbeat.
Start a free trial —>
No credit card required.
Redeem 20% off
→
X
X
20% off your first 3 months!
Applies to Starter and Growth tiers
✅ Start collecting payments
✅ Run optimized events
✅ Create collaborative courses
Submit
Enter email to redeem offer instantly.
X
20% off your first 3 months!
Start free trial and get 20% off your first 3 months when you upgrade to Starter or Growth tiers!
sign up for free
→
No card required.