Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Privacy Policy
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Extensions handles the personal information we collect about users of our website and our mobile applications (collectively, the "Services").
1. Personal information we collect
We collect certain information from your mobile device, including but not limited to the following information:
Equipment and usage information may include
(i) information specific to your mobile device (eg, brand, model, operating system, advertising identifier and similar information);
(ii) information about the use of features, features or notices on your device;
However, we do not store any personal information about you.
2. How we use your personal information
a. Operate and improve our services;
b. Provide users and other support, including support to our third-party business partners;
c. Provide information to you when you enter a local participating venue;
d. Perform other purposes that disclose to you and obtain your consent.
e. Personalize your experience
(Your information helps us better respond to your individual needs)
We will retain your information as long as your application is installed on your mobile device or is available to you. If you delete the application, we will delete your information and use a copy of your information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreement.
3. How do we share your personal information?
We do not share any personal information about you, but are not limited to:
We may, if appropriate, disclose information about you to the government or law enforcement or private parties (a) for the purposes of security, compliance, fraud prevention and security as described above; (b) by law, legal requirements or legal proceedings (c) conduct any legal investigation to the extent permitted by law; (d) prosecute or defend legal claims.
Business transfer
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of the business or assets associated with a business transaction (or potential business transaction), including your personal information, such as mergers, mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, asset sales or bankruptcy events.
4. Security
Extensions does not store any personally identifiable information
We use a variety of industry standard technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, security risks are inherent to all information technologies. Therefore, although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee that it is absolutely safe. If you believe that the security of the service or your personal information has been compromised, please contact us immediately.
5. How do we protect your information?
We strive to protect you from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we have taken steps to protect your information, we do not guarantee (and should not expect) that your personal information is always safe.
We regularly monitor vulnerabilities and attacks in our systems and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
If we suspect or discover any breach of security, we may suspend your use of the Service in whole or in part without notice. If you believe your information is no longer secure, please contact us by email at the end of this Privacy Policy.
6. Reservation
Whenever necessary, we retain the information we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy to meet our business or operational purposes or to comply with legal requirements. We can also choose to analyze some of the information we collect so that if we want to keep it for a longer period of time, we can no longer identify or attribute it to anyone.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you via email (if we have your email address) or through other reasonable means. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective at the time of publication (or otherwise stated at the time of publication).
8. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at bob61016@gmail.com.