Social Planner
NOW WITH AI
Every post counts.
Everything you need to create, publish, analyze and grow your social media channels — all in one place.
Popular Features
Auto-posting
Insights
Media Library
Calendar
AI Caption
AI Hashtag
Photo Editor
Video Editor
Post Ideas
Popular Solutions
Instagram Planner
TikTok Posting
Manage Social Media
Social Strategy
Social Reporting
Popular Integrations
Instagram
TikTok
Link in Bio
NEW PRODUCT
No algorithms, just you.
Everything you need to create, connect, sell, analyze and grow your audience — all in one link. Create your custom link-in-bio today!
Popular Bio.Bar Features
Customize Theme
Insights
Multiple Bio.Bars
Embed Youtube
Add Text
Custom Handle
Social Links
Add Images
Add Links
Popular Use Cases
Instagram Link in Bio
TikTok Link in Bio
Sell anything
Website Builder
Portfolio Page
More
For Agencies
For Musicians
Tools
+4
More
For Creators
For Teams
All Features
More
What’s New
Help Center
Integrations
Blog
Referral & Affiliate
Free Tools
Pricing
About
UNUM Mobile App
Login
Sign up free
Login
Sign up free
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 16, 2020
PREFACE
We’ll always keep your data safe and secure. So you’re in the know, here’s why we need it and how we use it.
Who are we?
We are a group of dedicated creatives and storytellers who love what we do and love the community we’re able to call family.
Why do we do what we do?
Knowing that every day we are able to help empower the storyteller in all of us (including each one of us here at UNUM) is a blessing. We strive to make the storytelling process easy and simple. There is no better feeling than to take a deep breath, pause and look back at all that our community and our team have accomplished (and will accomplish!) together. We love each and every single UNUM family member.
No. 1: The Goods
We will only use your data to up your experience.
No. 2: Locked Down
We protect your data like it’s our own.
No. 3: No BS
We are here for you. We will tell you straight up, always. No nonsense. No one has time for that.
No. 4: No Spam
You decide how and what you want to hear from us.
No. 5: Just the Essentials
Your info won't hang around — if we don't need it, we'll delete it.
Protecting Your Privacy
At UNUM, we're all in on protecting the privacy and security of our family, community, and friendly passerby (like you site visitor). The UNUM team are customers, members, creatives, and storytellers like you, of both UNUM and other platforms and sites -- so we completely know and respect how important privacy is. We're people of purpose and we're determined to do everything we can to protect you, empower you, and support you. If you have any questions about how we Protect Your Privacy, hit us up at
support@unum.la
For all our services, the data controller -- the company that's responsible for your privacy -- is UNUM, Inc.
To keep the terms simple:
The Unum, Inc. (
"Company"
or
"We"
) policy you'll read below describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website
https://www.unum.la/
(“
Website
”) or use or download our mobile applications on any platform (“
App
”) (the App and Website together are referred to simply as our "
Platform
") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
The Policy applies to information we collect:
‍
• On the Website
• Through our App
• In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Platform
• When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy
‍
It does not apply to information collected by:
‍
• Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party; or
• Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Platform
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Platform. By accessing or using this Platform, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Policy). Your continued use of this Platform after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 16
Our Platform is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to or on the Platform. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Platform or through any of its features, register on the Platform, make any purchases through the Platform, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Platform, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us by clicking
HERE
.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see
Your California Privacy Rights
for more information.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Platform, including information:
‍
• By which you may be personally identified, such as name, e-mail address, telephone number, and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("
personal information
");
• That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as screen name, avatar, alias or use of your email address as your username or profile; and/or
• About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Platform, and usage details, and your IP Address.
We collect this information:
• Directly from you when you provide it to us.
• Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
• From third parties, for example, our business partners or third-party service providers.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Platform may include:
• Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Platform. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Platform (again, including our App), subscribing to our service(s), posting materials, or requesting further services from us. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Platform.
• Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
• Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
• Details of transactions you carry out through our Platform and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Platform.
• Your search queries on the Platform.
• Any third-party integration may include information about you that we collect.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "
posted
") on public areas of the Platform, or transmitted to other users of the Platform or third parties (collectively, "
User Contributions
"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile by setting your profile as public or private, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Platform with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Platform, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
•Details of your visits to our Platform, including your normal Platform usage and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Platform.
• Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Platform and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
• Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
• Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Platform according to your individual interests.
• Speed up your searches.
• Recognize you when you return to our Platform.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
•
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Platform. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Platform.
‍
•
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Platform may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Platform. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
.
‍
•
Web Beacons.
Pages of our the Platform and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Platform are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
• To present our Platform and its contents to you.
• To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
• To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
• To provide you with notices about your account or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
• To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
• To notify you about changes to our Platform or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
• To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Platform.
• To provide you with additional marketing materials related to other services that we offer or for promotional activities for which we engage our users by email or through postings on our Platform.
• In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
• For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data adjust your user preferences in your account profile. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
• To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
• To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.• To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
• To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Unum, Inc.'s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Unum, Inc. about our Platform users is among the assets transferred.
• To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
• To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the "email a friend" feature of our Platform, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
• For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
• With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
• To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
• To enforce or apply our terms of use:
https://www.unum.la/terms-of-service
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
• If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Unum, Inc., our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
•
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
•
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising.
If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data. You can also always opt-out by logging into the Platform and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile and checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email with your request by clicking
HERE
.
•
Promotional Offers from the Company.
If you do not wish to have your email address or contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or at any other time by logging into the Platform and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request by clicking
HERE
. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("
NAI
") on the NAI's website.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information. Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address by clicking
HERE
. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's opt-out requirements.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Platform and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email
HERE
to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Platform, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Platform users.  Proper access and use of information provided on the Platform, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use at
https://www.unum.la/terms-of-service
.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy right read further below after the end of this policy to understand your California CCPA rights.
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email by clicking
HERE
or write us at: Unum, Inc. 3835 Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite R325 Westlake Village, California 91362.
WE PROTECT YOUR DATA (DATA SECURITY)
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored securely using standard industry practices. Any payment transactions and any highly sensitive information we collect will be encrypted.
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU POST OR SEND THROUGH OUR PLATFORM
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Platform like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Platform.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Platform. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Platform.
IF WE MAKE A CHANGE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Platform home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Platform and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us by clicking
HERE
.
You may also contact us through our App by navigating to ‘Give Feedback’.
For California Residents
EFFECTIVE DATE: JANUARY 1, 2023
LAST UPDATED ON: JANUARY 1, 2023
This
Privacy Policy for California Residents
supplements the information contained in Unum, Inc.'s General Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) as amended and effective January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). Any terms defined in the CCPA and the CPRA have the same meaning when used in this Policy. The CCPA and CPRA are collectively referred to as the “CCPA” for purposes of this Notice.
For information collected for our California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals please see the section at the end of this Notice entitled “CCPA Notice at Collection for California Employees and Applicants”.
Where noted below, certain exemptions apply for personal information collected through a written or verbal business-to-business communication ("B2B personal information") from some its requirements.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("
personal information
"). Personal information does not include:
• Publicly available information from government records.
• Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
• To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
•Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
+ health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA), clinical trial data, or other qualifying research data;
+ personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
HIGHLY SENSITIVE INFORMATION
‍
Certain of the categories listed above represent “Highly Sensitive Information” as such term is defined in the CPRA.  We do not collect, use, share or store Highly Sensitive Information except for purposes of performing our services, providing our products or for such purposes as requested by you.  For example, we may collect Highly Sensitive Information such as credit card or financial information for purposes of a transaction involving our products or services.  We may also use Highly Sensitive Information to conduct background checks or for other purposes authorized by yourself.  We do not share Highly Sensitive Information with third parties unless they are necessary to assist us in performing the services requested.  For example, we may share Highly Sensitive Information with payment processors to conduct transactions or with third-party vendors who assist us with performing background checks if required.  We do not sell Highly Sensitive Information to any third-parties.  We also may collect Highly Sensitive Information in an employment context if you are applying for a position with our company or are currently or formerly employed by our company.  For more information regarding our Highly Sensitive Information in an employment context please see below “CCPA Notice at Collection for California Employees and Applicants”.
‍
RETENTION PERIODS FOR HIGHLY SENSITIVE INFORMATION
‍
Pursuant to the requirements of the CPRA [Specifically, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100(a)(3)], we would like to inform you that we will only keep personal information and Highly Sensitive Information for so long as it is reasonably necessary to do so in accordance with the provisions of the CPRA and our internal policies.  If you are concerned regarding our retention of your personal information including Highly Sensitive Information you may request deletion of such information in accordance with the provisions of this Notice in the manner set forth below.  We may be required by law to retain certain information including your personal information and Highly Sensitive Information in accordance with applicable laws requiring us to maintain such information or for a legitimate business purpose to maintain such information including but not limited to prevent fraud or to enforce our policies.
‍
B2B INFORMATION
‍
We currently collect certain business to business (B2B) information from vendors, customers, service providers and suppliers in order to conduct our business.  This information usually includes e-mail addresses, business addresses, phone numbers, tax information such as EIN and may include Highly Sensitive Information such as credit cards or financial bank information such as account numbers.  We do not share this information with third-parties except to perform services or transactions requested by our B2B contacts.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
• Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete for account creation or products and services you use or purchase from us.
• Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Platform.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
• To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to sign up for our services or order anything from us or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a service from us then we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns
• To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Platform, products, and services.
• To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
• To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
• To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
• To personalize your Platform experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Platform, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
• To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Platform, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
• For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Platform, products, and services.
• To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
• As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
• To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Platform users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your personal information by disclosing it to a third party for a business purpose. We only make these business purpose disclosures under written contracts that describe the purposes, require the recipient to keep the personal information confidential, and prohibit using the disclosed information for any purpose except performing the contract. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed personal information for a business purpose to the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below.
We do not sell personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
RIGHT TO KNOW AND DATA PORTABILITY
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months (the "right to know"). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete), we will disclose to you:
• The categories of personal information we collected about you.
• The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
• Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
• The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
• If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
+ sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
+ disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
• The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request)
We do not provide a right to know or data portability disclosure for B2B personal information.
RIGHT TO DELETE
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions (the "right to delete"). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete), we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
1. Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
2. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
3. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
4. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
5. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546
et. seq.
).
6. Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
7. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
8. Comply with a legal obligation.
9. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We will delete or deidentify personal information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and will direct our service providers to take similar action. We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information.
EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS TO KNOW OR DELETE
To exercise your rights to know or delete described above, please submit a request by either:
• Calling us Toll-Free at (888) 383-3413
• Emailing us by clicking
HERE
• Visiting:
https://ccpaverification.com/unum/
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to know or delete related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, the agent must submit their information sufficient for Unum, Inc. to verify the authorized agent and such agent must provide a designation signed by you that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. Authorized Agents should contact us by clicking
HERE
to use our portal to be designated as an Authorized Agent prior to making their request on behalf of users.
You may also make a request to know or delete on behalf of your child by sending us an email by clicking
HERE
.
You may only submit a request to know twice within a 12-month period. Your request to know or delete must:
• Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include:
• Provide at least three (3) pieces of personal information including your full name, email address, phone number;
• If you are seeking deletion or access to any highly sensitive information that we have collected then we may also send an e-mail to your email address on file to confirm that you made the request prior to disclosing the sensitive information to your email. We may also choose to disclose the information in a password protected manner to prevent unauthorized disclosure of any highly sensitive data
• Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request to know or delete.We will only use personal information provided in the request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make it. For instructions on exercising your sale opt-out or opt-in rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights.
RESPONSE TIMING AND FORMAT
We endeavor to substantively respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to another 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by encrypted zip-file to your email address on file.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
NON-DISCRIMINATION
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
• Deny you goods or services.
• Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
• Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
• Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that
can result
in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
OTHER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Platform that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email by clicking
HERE
or write us at: Unum, Inc. 3835 Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite R325 Westlake Village, California 91362.
CCPA NOTICE AT COLLECTION FOR CALIFORNIA EMPLOYEES AND APPLICANTS
We collect and uses Personal Information for human resources, employment, benefits administration, health and safety, and business-related purposes and to be in legal compliance. Below are the categories of Personal Information we collect and the purposes for which we intend to use this information:
Identifying information, such as your full name, gender, date of birth, and signature.
Demographic data, such as race, ethnic origin, marital status, disability, and veteran or military status.
Contact information, such as your home address, telephone numbers, email addresses, and emergency contact information.
Dependent's or other individual's information, such as their full name, address, date of birth, and Social Security numbers (SSN).
National identifiers, such as SSN, passport and visa information, and immigration status and documentation.
Educational and professional background, such as your work history, academic and professional qualifications, educational records, references, and interview notes.
Employment details, such as your job title, position, hire dates, compensation, performance and disciplinary records, and vacation and sick leave records.
Financial information, such as banking details, tax information, payroll information, and withholdings.
Health and Safety information, such as health conditions (if relevant to your employment), job restrictions, workplace illness and injury information, and health insurance policy information.
Information Systems (IS) information, such as your search history, browsing history, login information, and IP addresses on the Company's information systems and networks.
Sensory or surveillance information, such as COVID-19 related temperature checks and call monitoring and video surveillance.
Profile or summary about an applicant/employee's preferences, characteristics, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
‍
The Company collects Personal Information to use or disclose as appropriate to:
Comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
Recruit and evaluate job applicants and candidates for employment.
Conduct background checks.
Manage your employment relationship with us, including for:
onboarding processes;
timekeeping, payroll, and expense report administration;
employee benefits administration;
employee training and development requirements;
the creation, maintenance, and security of your online employee accounts;
reaching your emergency contacts when needed, such as when you are not reachable or are injured or ill;
workers' compensation claims management;
employee job performance, including goals and performance reviews, promotions, discipline, and termination; and
other human resources purposes.
Manage and monitor employee access to company facilities, equipment, and systems.
Conduct internal audits and workplace investigations.
Investigate and enforce compliance with and potential breaches of Company policies and procedures.
Engage in corporate transactions requiring review of employee records, such as for evaluating potential mergers and acquisitions of the Company.
Maintain commercial insurance policies and coverages, including for workers' compensation and other liability insurance.
Perform workforce analytics, data analytics, and benchmarking.
Administer and maintain the Company's operations, including for safety purposes.
For client marketing purposes.
Exercise or defend the legal rights of the Company and its employees.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated notice on the Platform and update the notice's effective date.
Your continued use of our Platform following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
LET'S TALK
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which Unum, Inc. collects and uses your information described here and in the general Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone:
888-383-3413
Platform:
https://ccpaverification.com/unum/
Email:
HERE
Postal Address:
UNUM, INC.
Attn: Privacy/Legal
3835 Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite R325, Westlake Village, CA 91362
If you need to access this Policy in an alternative format due to having a disability, please contact us
HERE
‍