CAREERS
LOGIN
العربية
A+
A
A-
Colour Contrast Selector
Patient Portal
Breast and Bowel Screening
Nar'aakom
Careers
Search
Language Selector
Open User Account Sidebar
Language Selector
العربية
Language Selector
Search
Search
Close Side Menu
Staff Access
Login
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Primary Health Care Corporation website puts the confidential information of its users and visitors at the top of the list of priorities, and its management makes every effort to provide valuable services to all its participants.
All visitors and users of the website must become aware of the conditions and the principles that govern the privacy and confidential information in order to know and understand the mechanism of updating them although the website management is not obliged to declare of any amendments or changes related to these conditions or principles.
Your use of the site will therefore mean your acceptance to all the conditions and to whatever changes or amendments here after.
The security of personal information
A document of privacy and confidential information has been prepared to help the visitors and the users of the website to fully understand the nature of the data collected from them when visiting the website and the way such data is dealt with.
The management of the site takes all the appropriate actins and measures to maintain personal information and guarantees to protect them from loss or unauthorized access or misuse or modification or disclosure.
Of the most important measures taken by the ministry to protect personal information:
Strict actions and appropriate measures to maintain the security of the information and the use of modern technology to ensure protection from fraud or unauthorized access to our systems.
Regular and periodic update of the procedures and protection measures that meet or exceed the standards.
Our staff are qualified and trained to respect the confidentiality of personal information for our visitors.
Collection of Personal Information
Once a user visits the website of the Primary Health Care Corporation, the Ministry's own server logs his IP address the Internet user's IP, date and time of the visit and the URL of any web site it is referred to the website of the Primary Health Care Corporation.
The user name and the password.
Saving of the settings page, if available on the website.
The impossibility to vote more than once by the same user.
The browser (the user) does not have to enter the password on each visit the system will be able to detect the location through the cookies files, or may prevent the user from repeating the process of voting if he has already voted, and so on ... On this basis, the website of the Primary Health Care Corporation will use the information in the cookies files for technical purposes of their own and when visiting more than once. It can also change the information contained within cookies, or add new information whenever you visit the website of the Primary Health Care Corporation.
We will not share your personal data with non-governmental actors only if they are from those authorized by the competent authorities to carry out the performance of specific government services. By submitting your data and your personal information through the electronic website of the Primary Health Care Corporation, it means you fully agree to the storage , processing and use of such data by the Qatari authorities. We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information to the competent authorities, when it is necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request.
You are fully responsible for your own correctness and sincerity of the data you send through this portal.
Protecting your privacy
To help you protect your personal information, we recommend the following:
Contact us immediately when you think that someone was able to get your password, or use the code, or PIN, or any other confidential information.
Do not give out confidential information over the phone or Internet unless you know the identity of the person or the partner who receives the information.
Use a secure browser when dealing with online transactions and closing down of all unused applications on the network, and make sure that the antivirus software updated at all times.
If you have any enquiries or opinions on the principles of privacy, you can communicate with the Department of the website through the following e-mail: ithelpdesk@phcc.gov.qa
To keep your personal data, the electronic storage and the personal data sent will be secured by using the appropriate security technologies.
This portal (website ) may contain electronic links to sites or portals that may use different methods for protecting information and privacy not similar to what we use. We are not responsible for the contents, methods and characteristics of these other sites, and advise you to consult the privacy notices of those sites.
Sending Electronic e-mails to the Primary Health Care Corporation
When you inquire or request information about a specific service, or if you give additional information using whatever means of communication with the Primary Health Care Corporation, whether electronic or non-electronic, such as an inquiry on our site, we will use your email address to respond to your inquiry, as it is possible to save and keep your e-mail address and your message and our response will be for the purposes of quality control, and we may do so for legal and censorship purposes.
Feedback / Complaint / Ethical Concerns / Incidents