Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Colla Note:
Privacy & Policy
and Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
Colla Note was built by Quoc Huy Nguyen as a
freemium app for
iOS and MacOS (silicon) platform
.
If you choose to use
the app
, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
CollaNote
will never
rent or sell
your informations
to
anyone.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Colla Note unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
CollaNote do not
require any personally identifiable information if user use it witho
ut login.
For
collaboration feature, user need to login. W
hile user using our Service with login, CollaNote
may collects
informations
:
Email, Age, Name, Phone Number, Avatar.
The information
are needed for functionality of CollaNote, for example: Name and Avatar to show in Profile Panel, Email as as unique ID for collaboration feature and if user don't have Email, Phone Number will be used as an ID by collaboration.
Those
information
will not be sell or share to any other service.
By login, CollaNote
app does use third party services from Apple,
Firebase,
Google
that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
FireBase Authentication
By opening the app, CollaNote may connect to Firebase authentication server to confirm login status or update login informations.
CollaNote
app does use third party services that provide
some functions of the app (for example: Text recognition, translate text, collect crash data to fix bug...), those services may
collect
your informations (for example: Configured source and destination languages. Used for diagnostics and usage analytics...).
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
:
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
APIs in Google ML Kit
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies
"
.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-0
9
-
19
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at
collanotedev
@gmail.com.
This privacy policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
and modified/generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
, Quoc Huy Nguyen.
Terms & Conditions
License Agreement for user-generated contents:
Users can use their generated contents for commercial and non-commercial use if it doesn't violate following points:
- Do not resell or sublicense contents provied by CollaNote (templates, planners, stickers...)
Term of use:
By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Quoc Huy Nguyen.
Quoc Huy Nguyen is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason.
The Colla Note app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the Colla Note app won’t work properly or at all.
The app does use third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions.
Link to Terms and Conditions of third party service providers used by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Google ML Kit
APIs
Apple VisionKit
You should be aware that there are certain things that Quoc Huy Nguyen will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Quoc Huy Nguyen cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.
If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.
Along the same lines, Quoc Huy Nguyen cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Quoc Huy Nguyen cannot accept responsibility.
With respect to Quoc Huy Nguyen’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you.
Quoc Huy Nguyen accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.
Quoc Huy Nguyen takes no
responsibility for
any loss of user data, user should take
responsibility for their data by them self.
Quoc Huy Nguyen takes no
responsibility for
contents created by users or contents shared by users.
At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on iOS – the requirements for system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app.
Quoc Huy Nguyen does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.
Changes to This Terms and Conditions
I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.
These terms and conditions are effective as of 202
2
-0
4
-
01
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at
collanotedev
@gmail.com.
This Terms and Conditions page was generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fprivacypolicytemplate.net%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw2qMeBd9u-_p4zUoyGbXev_:
Generate Privacy Policy
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue & Generate Privacy Policy
You will be redirected to our trusted partner website
to generate the Free Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy Template Generator
Practically every single website worth anything out there has a Privacy Policy page that it can turn to whenever issues about privacy come up with users. That's why you really need to have a privacy policy, but it's not exactly that easy to make one, not if you really want to cover all of your bases. This is why you may want to look into the matter of
privacy policy template generator
(like ours here!) since it comes with quite a few benefits.
A privacy policy
is a legal document that details how a website gathers, stores, shares, and sells data about its visitors. This data typically includes items such as a user's name, address, birthday, marital status, medical history, and consumer behavior.
The specific contents of a privacy policy document depend upon the laws in the legal jurisdiction in which your business operates. Most countries have their own set of guidelines regarding what information is eligible for collection, and how that information may be used. Privacy laws include GDPR, CCPA, CalOPPA, PIPEDA, Australia Privacy Act and many more.
When it comes to legal documents, it is best not to take chances. Fortunately,
it's easy to get a free privacy policy in just a few minutes.
All you have to do is fill up the blank spaces on the right and we will create help you create
your own personalized privacy policy template for your business.
The accuracy of the generated document on this website is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.
Looking for a Terms and Conditions Template?
Check out
Terms and Conditions Generator
.
Questions & Answers about Privacy Policies
Is A Privacy Policy Necessary?
In a word, absolutely. A privacy policy isn't just about telling your users what they can expected from your website, products, and services. It's about protecting you against potential liabilities that could arise from those aspects. It doesn't even have to be the users that go after you but also government agencies since they can be real sticklers for details.
More than the actual consequences of not having a privacy policy, it also helps to legitimize your website's authority if you have one. It just comes parts and parcel with having a successful online business.
What's A Privacy Policy Template?
For the most part, a privacy policy template is just what it sounds like. It's a template that was already made by somebody else and that you can use for your own website if you wanted to. This is incredibly helpful because creating a privacy policy from scratch can be a troublesome affair if you have no legal training. You would have to commission the help of a lawyer in order to do it right.
If your website is aiming for legitimacy, you definitely don't want to take this issue lightly. You can easily get in trouble with your customers and with the law if you don't have a privacy policy or if you have a bad one.
How Can I Use A Privacy Policy?
Usually, privacy policy templates are pretty straightforward. You can get one from a reputable source, copy the template and then paste it on your privacy page. Many of the relevant details will either be left blank or will need to be replaced. Either way, you need to be careful about the information that you put in the page.
You want to focus on company name or website name, the name of the site owner, company CEO, or web manager, and a few important details about purchases, service charges, and so on. Other than a few tweaks, a good template won't require much from you.
Preview Your Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of
Company Name
Company Name
operates the
Website Name
website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the
Website Name
website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
Website URL
, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer's hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.