About
Reviews
Research
Betwixt
Download
Menu
About
Reviews
Research
Download
Privacy Policy
last updated January 2024
This Privacy Policy explains how Mind Monsters Games Ltd ("Betwixt","we", "us", "our",) collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you access or use our website, mobile application, and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services"), and when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as sending you a notification).
Collection of Information
We collect the following kinds of data when you use the App and our Services:
User data
such as your email address and user ID;
Usage and log data
such as what screens or features you access, the type of web browser you use, app version, access times and dates, pages viewed, your IP address.
The native actions
you take within the App, such as picking from a number of available options and story paths.
Your choices are processed by a rule-based engine in order to direct you to the relevant branch of the story. No one is monitoring or responding to your messages.
The content you produce through
the App
The only reason we collect your responses is so we can store them for you and ensure you don’t lose access to your insights if you switch phones.
We don’t want to know your thoughts. We have no incentive to, either. Our model isn’t based on selling data or advertising or marketing additional services to you. All we care about is creating a great product that makes people’s lives a little better.
Purchase history
if you are on one of our premium tiers.
Crash logs and diagnostics
if you send us bug reports.
The information you provide to us
when you fill out a form or a survey, make a purchase, talk to us via social media sites, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to:
Create and manage your account in order for you to access and use the Services;
Personalize and enhance your user experience by making the story reflect your past choices;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Respond to law enforcement requests and comply with the law, in particular, for the purpose of detecting, investigating, and prosecuting illegal acts.
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect our rights and property and those of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies.
We may also de-identify and/or aggregate and/or anonymize your data for purposes of product development and improvement. De-identified data, in individual or aggregated form, may also be used for research purposes both internally or with research partners for the advancement of clinical and scientific knowledge.
Cookies and similar technologies
When you use the Services, We may use cookies and other IT functions to collect your Data. Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device when you connect to the Website or the Application and use the Services.
You can disable all or certain cookies in your browser by configuring your settings.
Website analytics
We use selected third-party vendors such as Mixpanel to allow tracking technologies on the App so we can better understand online activity and improve our product. By accessing the App or our Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions.
Security of your data
We seek to safeguard the security of your Data and have implemented security measures consistent with accepted practices in the industry to protect your data and limit access to it. ‍
In particular, we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to minimize risks associated with data loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and unauthorized disclosure through the following security standards:
Encryption of data in transit
Encryption of stored data
Automatic security updates
Use of strong passwords
It’s important to bear in mind that there is always a risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your Data over the Internet will be intercepted. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data, nor can we guarantee that the Data that you provide will not be intercepted while being transmitted to Us over the Internet. Therefore, we urge you to also take every precaution to protect your Data when you are on the Internet or using the Application.
In some cases, we may use third party providers for development and support purposes. In supplying their services, these providers may have limited access to our databases. They will be subject to contractual restrictions prohibiting them from using users’ personal data for any purpose other than the legitimate uses outlined here.
Storage of personal data
We will keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected as described above and in accordance with our legal and regulatory obligations.
If you would like further information about our data retention practices you can ask for this at any time (see “Contact Us” section below).
How we store your data
We process your information and store it on servers located in data centers in the EEA. Our server environment is highly secure and any information is encrypted with industry standard techniques.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although We will do our best to protect your personal data, We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site(s); any transmission is at your own risk. Once We have received your information, We will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Legal basis of personal data processing
In accordance with GDPR, the lawful basis we use for collecting and processing your information are as follows:
Where it is necessary for entering into or performing a contract with you;
Where we have a legitimate interest to do so, provided your rights do not override those interests;
Where you have consented to its uses;
Where our colleagues believe it is in your vital interests to share your personal details;
Where required to comply with our legal obligations.
Your rights
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information.
Right to information: You can request a copy of the personal information we have collected about you.
Right to rectification: We want to ensure that your information is up to date and correct. You can request that your information be corrected or removed if you consider it incorrect.
Right to be forgotten: You can request us to delete your personal information. We may not delete data that the law requires us to keep.
Data portability: You can request that we transfer your personal data from our IT environment, either to another company or to you. This does not apply to information that the law requires us to keep.
Withdrawal of consent: You can withdraw your consent to share your information or to receive marketing / emails at any time. Either by unsubscribing from the mailing list or by contacting us through email.
Complaint: You can file a complaint with the Data Protection Authorities if you believe that we are treating your personal data in violation with GDPR.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us by email at hello@betwixt.life. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.
Children’s information
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected any personal data in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such personal data and terminate the child’s account.
Contact
Please send any questions, comments or requests regarding this privacy policy to our team at hello@betwixt.life. You can also write to us at the following address – Mind Monsters Games Ltd,17 Parsonage Close, Cambridge, England, CB22 4SJ.
If you feel that we have not addressed your questions or concerns adequately, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can complain to any supervisory authority or other public body with responsibility for enforcing privacy laws. In the United Kingdom this is the Information Commissioner’s Office, you can see their contact details via the ICO website.
All rights reserved. © Copyright 2023 Mind Monsters Games Ltd
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions