Donate now
FoodCloud Privacy Policy
Updated October 2024
FoodCloud Privacy Policy
‍
Introduction
FoodCloud (
FoodCloud
,
us
,
we
or
our
) understands the importance of protecting your information that it collects and processes. This Privacy Policy together with our Cookies Policy applies to any information provided or collected through the FoodCloud application (the
App
), or Foodiverse or FoodNet, the FoodCloud user platforms (the
Platform
), our website (
https://food.cloud
), through tracking technologies (such as cookies), or through other means such as research, CCTV, call monitoring, feedback, or information required to participate in FoodCloud Academy. It outlines how FoodCloud collects, processes, uses and discloses the information you provide or that we gather through research and data stored or managed in any of our databases, including but not limited to our Salesforce database, internal research repositories, analytics systems, and third-party database solutions (e.g., Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel, and others). FoodCloud is data controller of any data processed and you can contact us
here
or using the information provided under 'Contact Us' below.
We will use your personal data only for the purposes and in the manner set forth below which describes the steps we take to ensure our processing of your personal data is in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (
GDPR
) and any implementing legislation (
Data Protection Legislation
).
Please note: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where that processing is carried out for our legitimate interests.
‍
FoodCloud Cookies Statement
FoodCloud, like most websites, uses some cookies. Cookies are small text files stored on your device (your computer or phone) by your browser. They are used to remember details from your visit to our site such as, whether you have visited the site before, to help us figure out how many visitors we get on the site over a period of time or from what location people are visiting our site. These cookies contain information about the use of your computer but they do not include any personal information about you.
Cookies are used on our website, apps, and platform for the following purposes:
Advertising:
To see how many people visit our site and what parts of the site they visit most.
Site analytics:
To see how users interact with our site and when our site is most often visited.
Social media:
To recognise unique users.
Scope
By providing us with your personal information, you signify your acceptance of the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with or you are not comfortable with any aspect of this Privacy Policy, please do not continue using the Website, the App or the user platform. This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data processed by us regardless of the media on which it is stored. We may update this Privacy Policy at any time.
‍
Types of personal data processed
Personal data is any data relating to a living person who can be identified directly from that data, or indirectly in conjunction with other information. Charity refers to any registered charity or community organisation with which FoodCloud partners.  When you visit or use the Platform or the App, we may collect and process different types of personal data, including the following:
Name
Business name
Addresses
Business phone number
Contact person name
SMS number
Email address
Electronic signatures
Banking information, where provided for direct debit payments
Images via CCTV footage
Recorded phone calls to and from FoodCloud’s call centre
Visitor Image, Temperature, and Visitor Log Information
Information regarding accidents or incidents on FoodCloud’s premises or while carrying out business on behalf of FoodCloud
Information related to fundraising activities or wealth profiling such as geo-demographic information and measures of affluence.
If you apply to FoodCloud Academy, the following information will be required:some text
Name
Email address
Phone number
Date of birth
Information about the CVO (Community/Voluntary Organisations) with which you are affiliated.
Information about motivation for applying to FoodCloud Academy
We may also obtain information through our software platform (Foodiverse) or website (
https://food.cloud
) about your general internet usage by using tracking technologies such as cookies. For further information on our use of cookies, please consult our
Cookies Policy
.
We use the following software/services to collect and analyse data:
Google Analytics
Facebook Pixel
Hotjar
Auth0
Mailchimp
Facebook
Twilio
Sendgrid
Azure
Google Fire Services
Google Tag Manager
UXCam
These services help us understand how visitors engage with our site and applications. The data collected via our website and social media is owned and managed by our Communications team ("Comms"). The data collected via the Foodiverse platform is owned and managed by our Foodiverse Platform Development team. They have access to the data and are responsible for using it to generate reports and insights. This data is not shared with third parties, except as required by law or as necessary to maintain and improve our services.
When “feedback” is shared by users via the Foodiverse mobile and/or web app, these responses may be analysed by FoodCloud and/or the FoodNet of which the user is a member. This feedback may be shared with food donors by FoodCloud or by the FoodNet administrator in order to maintain or improve services.
To ensure the safety of our staff, visitors, premises, and FoodCloud owned vehicles, and the accuracy of our inventory, we use CCTV in our Dublin warehouse and on FoodCloud owned vehicles.  Any visitors to our warehouse are subject to image capture by CCTV.
Telephone calls to and from FoodCloud may be monitored for quality assurance and training purposes.  These recordings will be stored for a maximum of 30 days.
‍
For more information on data retention, please see FoodCloud’s
Document Retention Policy
.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
We process personal data for the following purposes in furtherance of our legitimate business interests:
to administer our business and ensure that any businesses, retailers and charities are effectively matched to each other;
to perform a contract-we process your personal data where it is necessary to enter into and perform our contract with you;
to facilitate the donation of surplus food in accordance with our operational model;
to ensure that the content on our Website, App or Platform is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device;
to provide you with information regarding services which you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes (see ‘Direct Marketing’ below);
to analyse visitor and user traffic regarding our Website, App and Platform, and to recognise unique or repeat users and visitors;
to allow you to participate in interactive features through our Website, Platform or App, when you choose to do so; and
to notify you about any changes to our service.
to ensure the safety of visitors on our premises and protect goods.
to further our charitable aims, including for fundraising activities, where we may compile research in order to enable us to create a donor profile.  This data is compiled using publicly available information about you, for example addresses, listed Directorships, social media, newspaper articles, etc.
‍
Personal data will only be processed to the extent necessary for the purposes set out above
for our legitimate business interests, which include ensuring that we can offer our digital services through the App/Website/Platform as effectively as possible, ensuring the functionality of the App, Website and Platform, improving communication and engagement, and facilitate payment with all parties that FoodCloud interacts with and assisting FoodCloud in providing a more effective and streamlined service, and for fundraising activities as outlined below.
‍
Fundraising
FoodCloud does not carry out automatic decision-making but we analyse the information that we hold about you, in order to improve the relevance of our communication with you.  This information is held securely on our SalesForce database.
We may sometimes use geo-demographic and/or other personal information which may include identification of individuals’ capacity to give, through a process called “wealth screening", using publicly available information sources. We may also carry out our own research into our supporters, again using publicly available information or information that you provide to us. This allows us to tailor our fundraising and marketing activities to make them as appropriate for each individual donor.
Where we process your personal data for fundraising purposes, you have the right to object at any time to such processing. If you want to object, please contact us directly (see ‘Contact Us’).
Please note: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where that processing is carried out for our legitimate business interests.
We do not consider such interests would prejudice your rights or fundamental freedoms as a data subject. For more information on our legitimate interests and the balancing exercise, please contact us using the details below.
We may also process your personal data to comply with any legal obligations. We will inform you in advance if we intend to process your personal data for a purpose other than as set out above. We may also seek your specific consent to the processing of data for other specific purposes.  FoodCloud reports our average monthly number of platform users to the EU Commission bi-annually and publishes this information online in compliance with the Digital Services Act.
You will have the right to withdraw such consent at any time. Please contact us if you wish to do so (see the ‘Contact Us’ section below).
‍
Direct marketing
When you give us your personal data, we will ask you if you would like to receive information from us about our services from us via post, email or SMS communications. If you have consented to the use of your information for marketing purposes, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by contacting us (using the details below) and requesting to be removed from our mailing list or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any email or SMS communication sent to you. If you choose to opt out, we will keep your details on our marketing suppression list, to ensure that you are not contacted with direct marketing messages again.
Where we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to such processing. If you want to object, please contact us directly (see ‘Contact Us’).
‍
Recipients of personal data
We may disclose or transfer your personal data to:
partner charities;
FareShare, acting as our business partner in charity recruitment,
third parties including legal advisors (A&L Goodbody, HR Suite), financial advisors, regulatory bodies, auditors (O’Connor Pyne), and other service or technology providers
Where charities receive European Social Fund Plus (ESF+) products, data will be shared with Irish and European government agencies that administer the ESF+ program.
Where members of charity or voluntary organisations have expressed interest in or have enrolled in FoodCloud Academy, we share information required for your user license and application with Atlantic Technological University.
‍
To the extent that any of the abovementioned disclosures are located outside of Ireland, in countries (including the U.S.) which may not have the same data protection laws as Ireland, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and where there are appropriate safeguards in place and data subjects have enforceable rights and effective legal remedies; (Article 45 of the GDPR). Please contact us if you wish to obtain information concerning such safeguards (see 'contact us' below).
We may also provide non-personal data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of the App. The aggregate information that we share may include anonymous information that is captured through the use of cookies and other similar tracking technology. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include our App design, data analysts, development and hosting contractors.
‍
No information from children under age 18 on the App/Platform
If you are under the age of 18, please do not attempt to register with us through the App or the Platform or provide any personal information about yourself to us via the App/Platform. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 18, please contact us at
GDPR@foodcloud.ie
‍
Where you do not provide your personal data
You can choose not to provide this information; however, you might not be able to gain access to our information or services. We will tell you when we ask for information which is a contractual requirement or needed to comply with our legal obligations. If you choose not to provide your personal data to us, you may not be able to fully access or use the services offered through the Website, App or the Platform.
‍
Safety, retention and security
We take all reasonable steps as required by law to ensure the safety, privacy and integrity of your personal data. As no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure, we cannot guarantee, ensure, or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you transfer the personal data at your own risk.
We endeavour to use and keep under review appropriate technical and organisational measures (including staff training, access limitation and awareness) in order to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing of your personal data, including unauthorised destruction, alteration or disclosure or access. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information.
If you provide personal data through the App, Platform, Website, or for payment purposes, we will retain your personal data for a period of one year from the end of your business relationship with us (in accordance with our Data Retention Policy), unless we are required to retain such information for a longer period pursuant to a legal obligation.
Where you have consented to direct marketing and wish to opt out, we will no longer retain your personal data, save for the purpose of maintaining a marketing suppression list, to ensure that you are not contacted again.
‍
Your rights and responsibilities
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data held by us and the right to rectify any inaccuracies in personal data held by us by making a request to us in writing or via email (see ‘Contact Us’ below).
In addition, you also have the right to request erasure, restriction, portability or to object to the processing of your data or not to be subject to a decision based on automated processing, including profiling.  You should inform us of any changes to your personal data.  Any requests made under this section can be made using the details set out at 'Contact Us' below.  We will respond to your request by email, in writing, or orally if requested, as soon as practicable and in any event not more than one month after receipt of your request.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner if unhappy with how his or her personal data is being handled.
It is your responsibility to ensure that any information you have provided to us is accurate and up-to-date. If any of the information that you have provided to us changes, please inform us using details set out at 'Contact Us' below.
‍
Links to other websites
We may, from time to time, provide links to third party websites. In addition, third parties' websites may also provide links to the App. Should you choose to visit these third party websites, you should review their privacy policies to ensure you understand and are comfortable with their practices concerning your personal data. We do not accept, and we disclaim, any responsibility for the privacy policies and data protection practices of any third party website (whether or not such website is linked on or to our Website or the App). These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only, and you access them at your own risk. It is your responsibility to check the third party website's privacy policies before you submit any personal data to their websites.
‍
Contact us
If you have any questions, comments, requests and complaints regarding this Privacy Policy and the information we hold, please contact us at
GDPR@foodcloud.ie
Add impact to your inbox
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.