Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 7, 2024
Artstorm is a global video games publisher bringing mobile games to players around the world. By “Artstorm” (as well as “we”, or “us”) we mean Artstorm FZE or, where applicable, its affiliated companies.
Artstorm takes your privacy and the protection of your personal data seriously. This Privacy Policy explains what personal data we collect when you install and play our mobile video games (“Games”), visit our websites, register and use your Artstorm Account, attend events we organize (collectively with Games – “Services”), or interact with us in other ways. It is also designed to help you understand how your data is used and shared, and inform you of your privacy rights and how to exercise them.
Your use of our Games and Services is subject to
the Artstorm Terms of Use
. So please make sure to read both documents carefully before using our Games and Services.
If you have questions on any provisions of this Privacy Policy or otherwise us handling personal data, please contact us using any of the means described in Section 11 of this Privacy Policy.
1. WHAT DATA WE PROCESS
We collect and process personal data in different ways:
you provide data to us directly;
we collect data automatically;
we receive data from third parties.
1.1. Data provided to us by you
You can provide us with different kinds of data depending on how you interact with our Services. This usually happens when you register or manage your Artstorm Account, purchase goods or services from us, participate in our events or discussions on social media, or contact us with a complaint or request.
Such data may include the following categories:
Identification and contact information.
Most of our Services, such as Games and related events, can be accessed only with a registered account, while for some of them entering User ID may be sufficient. Registration data primarily includes your email address, password and nickname. You can also add your mobile phone number and a second email to enable better security and the possibility of restoring your account if you lose access to your primary registered email. If you access the Services with a third-party platform account, then we process that account identification data. If you are a minor or for other reasons are limited in a legal capacity, we may also ask you to provide the contact details of your parent, guardian, or another legal representative. In limited cases when you partner with Artstorm, we are processing your personal identification data, such as full name, ID, address.
Data provided to Support Team.
We collect the information that you submit with your requests to the Support Team while communicating with us on technical user support requests. Whenever you submit your request to our Support Team through the portal using your Artstorm Account, or an email without logging in to your Artstorm Account, we collect the data you provide with the request, such as your email, name, nickname, user ID; and your message which may contain your gameplay data, purchases and payment information, other information you submit with a request or during further communication with our Support Team.
Security data.
When some security issues occur, we may ask you to answer security questions to verify your user identity. As an answer, we may expect information containing your unique user data which should be reasonably known only to the owner of account, such as your email, nickname(s), registration date of your account, login data, location data, purchases and gameplay data.
Other data that you voluntarily provide.
Sometimes you provide more data than we request or expect to receive from you. For example, when you contact us via email on a topic not directly related to our Services, respond to different surveys, communicate with us on our websites, or otherwise interact with us.
1.2. Data collected automatically
Your browser and device may transmit some information while you interact with our Games and other Services, including:
Identification information.
We may collect data on your use of our Services to provide Services, ensure the security of our users, improve user experience with our Services, develop new Services and make our existing Services better. For example, the identification data might include (1) your user and device ID, (2) approximate location data (IP address and related information, such as a country and a city), (3) language preferences, (4) means of authentication security, and others.
Game data.
We collect data about your in-game actions, matches, data about your in-game interactions with other players, the occurrence and duration of your gaming sessions, their results, and data about choices made within gameplay.
In-Game communication.
The Games functionality allows you to make your text and audio messages public to other users while in a Game session. We do not store this data beyond a session unless it is reviewed upon a report on violations of the Terms of Use or applicable laws.
Device data and other technical information.
To adjust our Services for the device and any other circumstances of your usage, we collect information about your device to ensure the compatibility, functionality, and security of our Services, together with adjustment to your location. These might include such information as device ID, MAC address, approximate location, language settings, time zone, and localization settings, device information, operating system, installed applications, phone network operator, network type and connection, Internet connection speed, screen resolution, and orientation, device hardware characteristics (CPU, GPU, RAM and ROM size, battery, etc.) and other software and hardware information about your device.
Purchases data.
We collect information on the purchases made with our Services to enable a user’s purchase in-game items in your Artstorm Account. We also collect the type (and amount, where applicable) of each in-game item purchased by you and linked to your identification data, as well as its cost to reflect these purchases in your Artstorm Account. Due to the tax regulations, we also collect information on the payer. Therefore, we only process limited compulsory data on users' purchases, which includes a purchaser’s name and address, the amount of payment, and other tax information.
Advertising data.
To promote our Services and to analyze and improve our advertising performance, we analyze your interactions with advertising activities on our Services and with advertisements provided by our advertising partners.
Such data may include your device ID or advertising ID, you location and device settings, your actions related to advertisements (for example, clicks, website visits, account registrations and claims for bonuses)
Social networks communications.
While communication with Artstorm or with other users through our official social network communities, you are sharing all the posted information with Artstorm. We may process this data to communicate back with you and to improve both the user experience with our Services and community interaction.
Social networks data.
If you are partnering with us as a creator or a moderator in social networks communities, or interested in such a cooperation, we may review your relevant social networks or platforms data that you share with us, such as your account identifiers statistics from your social media channel or your activity on social networks. We may check respective social media to confirm the accuracy of the data provided and its relevance for the collaboration. If you make public posts and comments in our social network, we will have access to this data and may use it to ensure that it complies with our Terms of Use and terms of our collaboration with you.
User Generated Content (UGC).
You may create content in any form related to our Games and other Services, and share it on various gaming platforms, as well as on our social networks’ communities (e.g. Discord). We collect and store such UGC, and may review this content to assess its compliance with our Terms of Use and to evaluate potential collaboration with you under the terms, detailed in documents published on
the Artstorm Creators Crew Portal
.
Game events data.
Suppose you are participating in events related to our Games, organized by Artstorm or our partners, we may collect information on your performance in these events and data that you are making available during such events.
Other cookies and similar technologies.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to recognize you and/or your device for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For more details about our use of cookie files, please see our
Cookies Policy
.
1.3. Data that we receive from third parties
We may receive certain data from our partners, affiliates, and vendors that assist us in providing the Services to our users. These data include the following:
Third-party platform account login information.
You can log into our Services using credentials from third-party services and platforms, such as Google, Apple, Facebook, Gaijin, or similar providers. In such cases, the operating company may share specific information with Artstorm according to their privacy policies. This may include your third-party account display name, user ID, email address and device identification, location, authorization logs.
Data from gaming platforms.
Some of our Games are accessible through mobile platforms (AppStore, Google Play, AppGallery). To provide you with our Services via such platforms and respect your progress and preferences there, we are collecting such information as user IDs assigned to a user by a platform, email address, approximate location, language, and other identifying information collected by a platform, information about your purchases in a platform’s store, game activity, friends list, rankings, achievements, and your specific preferences relevant to the Services. Sometimes platforms may allow you to customize which data is shared.
Advertising and analytical data.
From time to time, we engage our business partners and vendors for advertising and marketing analysis. Such third parties provide us with (1) enhanced data as a result of data analysis to improve our Services and user experience with using our Services; (2) anti-fraud data to track fraud in advertising.
Payment details.
Our payment providers collect your credit card details, e-wallet details, or any other payment details in connection with your purchase. These details depend on the payment method you use to purchase our paid Services. We only collect payment verification data and do not have access to these payment details.
Social networks data.
We do not collect information from public sources, such as social media, public registries, etc,
unless you voluntarily submit your social network data (like YouTube or Twitch) for participation in any of our Services, events and programs, that require the provision of such data (for example, Creators Crew Program). In such cases they may share, through special tools, display names, user IDs, and account statistics (such as subscriber counts, streaming hours), that we may need to verify your eligibility for the program and account ownership.
2. FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
We collect and process your data for the following purposes:
Providing you with our Services.
To use any of our Services, you agree to our contractual Terms of Use comprising a set of legal documents. Performing this contract to provide the Services to you requires us to process your personal data to:
register your Artstorm Account, including through third-party services and websites;
provide you access to our Games and other Services, including social features such as in-game chats and social network platforms for events, allowing you to communicate with other players;
process payments that you make in connection with our Services;
enable the paid Services on your request;
manage our Services;
provide you with technical information and administrative support for your comfortable use of our Services.
For this purpose, the processed personal data may include all the categories of data that either you provide to us, we collect while you are using our Services, or we receive from our partners.
Legal basis for data processing: contract performance (Terms of Use), and for some data, our legitimate interest (tailoring to user interests and conveniences).
Development and improvement of our Services and user experience.
It is crucial for us to upgrade our services and improve your experience when using them, as well as to design new services. Therefore, apart from performing our obligations under any Terms of Use to provide you with quality Services, we have a legitimate interest in processing data that might be necessary, namely to:
improve and develop the Services;
diagnose, correct, and prevent failures in our Services;
improve your user experience with our Services;
facilitate and enhance the security of your Artstorm Account and your data that we are processing;
interact with you on social media;
inform you regarding updates and improvements made to our Services, send you relevant security alerts and technical notifications;
advise you on events, competitions, and special offers that we provide for our Services;
respond to and process users’ claims, complaints, and other requests;
ensure users' compliance with the Terms of Use;
increase users' participation in events and our user-engaging programs.
Personal data being processed for these purposes usually includes device and device performance information; purchase data; game data, our user-engaging programs and events data; data from gaming platforms, users' feedback data through various channels (such as in-game chats, our websites, community social networks, surveys, beta testing programs, and direct communications), advertising, and analytical data, as well as other data necessary for the specified purposes.
Legal basis for data processing:
contract performance (Terms of Use); our legitimate interest (to improve our Services and tailor them to user’s interests).
Personalization of your preferences.
To keep you updated on the news related to our Services, we may inform you about updates and events, as well as our new Services or features within the Services. We may also notify you from time to time about updates to our Terms of Use.
For this purpose, we usually process your contact information and identification information.
Legal basis for data processing:
legitimate interest (to keep you up to date with our Services); consent (provided when you choose which communications you want to receive); contract performance (on updates to Terms of Use).
Regulatory compliance.
To follow the requirements set in laws applicable to Artstorm and its activities, as well as performing requests from authorized state or municipal bodies under applicable laws, sometimes we have to process your personal data under a legal obligation within the relevant legal framework. In each case, we accurately assess whether a specific legal obligation requires data processing.
The data which might be necessary for this purpose includes all the categories of data that we are processing. The most common examples are purchase data and contact information.
Legal basis for data processing:
compliance with legal obligations.
Claims management.
If we become involved in a dispute, either as a claimant, defendant, or a third party, we may need to process the personal data required to duly support and prove the position in an individual case. This applies both to negotiations and dispute resolution with authorized bodies.
The data which might be needed for this purpose includes all the categories of data that we are processing, depending on the claim in question. Including, for example, account restriction history, active penalties, case details, and interactions with our Support Team.
Legal basis for data processing:
our legitimate interest (to handle a claim and support our position on it).
Partnerships Contests and Events activities related to our Games and Services.
We may offer benefits to usersunder the conditions of particular contest or event (winners), or offer them partnering in activities related to our Services, when they contribute to creating the content related to our Services, (contributors) or post video or host Service-related streams on social media networks (content creators.
Fulfilling this obligation from our side requires us to process your personal data for the following purposes:
verifying your identity and confirming eligibility to participate in relevant activity;
evaluating the potential for cooperation;
monitoring your activity or content to ensure compliance with cooperation terms and rules;
selecting winners of contests or events;
calculating and providing rewards or other compensations, including delivery;
providing informational and administrative support.
he data we may process includes identification information, contact details, payment information, content or activity related to contests/events, delivery address, and social media data statistics.
Legal basis for data processing: contract conclusion and performance (such as
Artstorm General Rules for Creators
, the terms of each individual contest published on social media community pages or other event-based platforms, and individual contracts with winners and creators), compliance with legal obligations (for further reporting).
Prevention of cheating, fraud and other inappropriate practices.
We commit to provide you with a fair, fun, and competitive gaming experience play and take cheating very seriously. Our Terms of Use strictly prohibits use any cheats, hacks, or any other unauthorized Games modifications. We may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention technologies to prevent such unauthorized use of our Games and our intellectual property and other rights. For these purposes, we may process anti-cheat data and other relevant information that may assist us in identifying prohibited behavior, depending on the case.
Legal basis for data processing:
community and our legitimate interests (for the community – in fair gaming; for us – in maintaining quality services, protecting copyrights, and preventing harm to reputation)
Marketing and promotion.
We may analyze your interaction with our marketing and promotion activities and advertisements to manage our ad campaigns and analyze ad performance. For example, our advertising partners may place a registration link through which we can track the number of registrations and the effectiveness of the advertising. In return, we offer you in-game benefits. Aggregated or de-identified information about users' interactions with our advertising may be used to improve our marketing strategies and conduct audience research.
Legal basis for data processing:
contract performance (to provide you with reciprocal benefits in the form of in-game rewards), our legitimate interest (in improving our services and customizing them to users' interests), and in exceptional cases – your consent.
Advertising.
We may process your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing and display advertising, which you may see on various websites, social networks, and third-party applications, to promote our Games and Services.
Such advertising may be personalized and tailored to your interests. In this case, we may share with advertising partners your various identifiers (like cookie ID, device ID) and advertising cookies, tags, pixels, beacons, as per our
Cookies Policy
. When we match identifiers, we may use this information along with your web browsing activity and interaction with ads to choose which ads to show you, understand how to improve our ad campaigns, and measure their effectiveness. You can disable cookies and revoke your consent at any time at the bottom of our websites. Please note that this does not mean you will see fewer ads, but the ads may be less relevant to your interests.
Legal basis for data processing:
your consent.
Other purposes.
We may ask for your consent to collect and process your personal data for other purposes.
Once we approach you for such processing, we will ask for your consent for specific categories of personal data.
Legal basis for data processing:
your consent.
3. HOW WE SHARE DATA
We do not sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise communicate your personal data to third parties for monetary or another valuable consideration.
However, we do share data in very limited cases with our partners, service providers, and affiliates, including those located outside the European Economic Area (EEA), who assist us in providing our services and ensuring their smooth operation.
3.1. With whom we share data
Gaming and other digital platforms.
We share your data with our business partners involved in Games distribution to enable access to our Services from those platforms and to enable user support and all the features related to our Services for those users who are playing our Games through gaming platforms. Some of these partners are located outside the EEA.
You can log into our Services using credentials from third-party services and websites. We also provide you with the ability to log into third-party services through a Artstorm Account. In such cases, we may share information necessary for this purpose, such as your account display name, user ID, email address, and device data.
Payment services providers.
We are engaging authorized payment services providers to process payments for our Services. Depending on your region, your data might be shared with those payment service providers who are licensed and operate in the respective region and country.
Advertising partners.
From time to time, we engage advertising partners to assist us with their tracking and analytical tools. For example, we may share anonymized information on your device, location and purchases, and use of the Services. In some cases, they might enhance this data with information they already have, including data about you, to improve our advertising efforts.
Cloud service partners.
We are engaging cloud service partners to store the data necessary to provide our Games and other Services online.
Publishing partners.
Some features of our Services are supported by our Publishing partners, including, for example, providing technical support to our users and ensuring the security of their accounts and data.
Other third-party service providers.
We may share your data with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in delivering and improving our Services. These providers may include ticketing systems for handling user requests, platforms for managing tournaments, and other services that vary based on the specific features you use. Additionally, we may work with software developers and administrative service providers to support our day-to-day operations.
Affiliates.
We may share personal data with companies within the Artstorm group and affiliated entities.
Auditors.
When an audit or financial reporting obligation is imposed on us by applicable law, we share data with third parties to comply with these obligations. We are carefully assessing each case and sharing the narrowest scope of data possible.
Governmental bodies.
We share data with governmental bodies, directly or through our partners, when it is prescribed by applicable law, legally requested by authorized bodies, or otherwise necessary to protect the rights or interests of our users or our own. We carefully assess each case and share the narrowest possible data.
Artstorm users.
Other users of our Services may see some of your data when some Services features allow so. For example, your nickname, avatar (profile photo) are visible to other players. They can also see any content you post publicly within our Services and our social networks communities (public messages, attached files, etc.), or some of your game results (data of in-game ratings or leaderboards) and achievements.
Additionally, we may ask for your specific consent to share your personal data with other third parties. In this case, we will specify those third parties, the scope of data to be shared, purposes, and further details on relevant data processing.
The list of our partners and service providers, along with more detailed information about data processing under their respective Privacy Policies, is available
here
.
3.2. Transferring your data abroad
We operate all over the world, and therefore we may transfer your data to third parties in different countries, including those which are located outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We make all our efforts, including those imposed on us by applicable law, to ensure an adequate level of personal data protection in each case. Some countries to which we transfer your data may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
However, in such cases, we are taking reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any personal information provide sufficient protection of your data. In particular, Artstorm undertakes appropriate physical, technical, and administrative security measures to ensure your data is adequately protected.
4. HOW LONG WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
We process your data for as long as our processing purposes, the legal retention periods, and our legitimate interests require it, or storage is a technical necessity.
We keep your personal data for as long as it is required considering our processing purposes (including while your Artstorm Account is active according to the Terms of Use) and our legitimate interests, regulatory or technical requirements regarding data storage. If there are no contrary legal or contractual obligations, we will delete or anonymize your data once the storage or processing period has expired.
Please consider that we have the right to continue to retain some of your user data even after complying with your request to delete such data in the following cases:
we have the lawful basis to further processing your data other than consent from you (for instance, we may be required to do so to comply with applicable laws, such as tax or accounting regulations, know-your-customer, anti-money laundering, or other legal requirements and obligations);
your user data has been anonymized in a way it cannot be used to identify you and therefore is no longer your personal identifiable data.
5. CHILDREN’S DATA
We acknowledge the importance of protecting children’s data and confirm our special duty to act accordingly. Thus, we take additional steps to verify the user’s age and limit access to our Services for those who have not reached the appropriate age limit.
We do not intentionally collect, store or otherwise process any personal data of users under the age of 16 unless we are furnished with consent from their parent, guardian, or another holder of parental responsibility.
If you are a parent, guardian, or another holder of parental responsibility, and you want to withdraw your previously given consent, or you find out that your child has provided us with their personal data without your consent, or you believe that we have unintentionally collected your child’s data and processed such data in violation of applicable law, please send us a request for the removal of such data by contacting our Support Team. To proceed with such a request, we may ask you to provide us with conclusive evidence that:
the child has not yet reached 16 or the minimum age of consent in accordance with their applicable legislation, and
you are the holder of parental responsibility for such a child.
If it comes that we have unintentionally collected personal data of a child under 16 (or a child who has not reached the age of consent in accordance with applicable law) without the consent of that child’s holder of parental responsibility, we will take all reasonable steps to erase this information as soon as possible, unless we are legally obliged to keep these data.
We strongly encourage parents, legal guardians, or other holders of parental responsibility to instruct their children never to disclose their real names, addresses, phone numbers, financial information, or any other sensitive data about themselves when using our services, in-game chats, on the websites (forums, commentaries, etc.) and otherwise on the Internet.
6. HOW WE SECURE DATA
We are constantly working on the creation, improvement, and further implementation of both administrative and technical measures for securing your data. These measures are aimed at protecting your data from any unauthorized actions which can be carried out by third parties or occur incidentally, such as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, or other malicious use of your data, as well as incidental loss or corruption of such data. We undertake all reasonable steps and measures which are necessary to ensure your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Please consider that we maintain some of our servers where we store information containing your data outside the EEA.
7. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING AND ONLINE TRACKING
Artstorm itself does not use your data for profiling or other means of automated decision-making that could affect you, including your access to the services or other rights under the Terms of Use.
We use various techniques on our websites that allow us, and third parties engaged by us, to recognize you during your use of our website and possibly to track you through several visits. This data is essentially used to enhance and personalize your experience with our websites. This works in such a way that our systems or systems of our partners recognize you (by sending so-called “cookies” to your browser for further identification) when you are entering any Artstorm website, and tailor the website settings and content to your preferences and previous experience.
8. WHAT YOUR RIGHTS ARE
8.1. The rights related to your personal data
You have the following rights in relation to our data processing, depending on the applicable data protection laws.
Right to be informed.
You have the right to be informed about how we collect and use personal data.
Right to access.
You have the right to request us to show what data we are holding on you and provide you with a copy of those.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to request us to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate, incomplete, outdated, incorrect, unlawfully received, or no longer relevant for the purpose of processing.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”).
You can request Artstorm to erase any of your data unless we have to continue processing some of your personal information under applicable law.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to ask to provide your data in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format or to request Artstorm to directly transmit those data to a third party where it is technically possible and reasonable.
Right to restrict processing.
You have the right to restrict the use of your data in certain circumstances entirely or in part unless we have to continue processing some of your personal information under applicable law.
Right to withdraw consent.
Where your data are processed based on your freely given consent, you have the right to withdraw your previously given consent at any time.
Right to object.
You have the right to object to processing your personal data at any time.
Right to object automated processing.
Where data processing based exclusively on automated decision-making or profiling takes place, you have the right to object to such processing.
8.2. How to exercise your rights
Managing Privacy and Marketing Preferences
For mobile advertising.
If you gave consent to receive ads before starting to play, you can revoke this consent for relevant advertising purposes by unchecking the boxes in Personal Area > Privacy within your mobile app.
For cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies, pixels, beacons, tags, scripts and similar technologies are collected when you use Artstorm websites and are not linked to your account on our services. You can customize your cookie preferences on any of our websites by clicking on the fingerprint icon with cookie settings in the lower left corner.
Please note that disabling cookies in settings does not automatically delete them from your device as this is simply impossible from the technical side. If you want to delete those cookie files, you need to clear them up in your browser. For more details, please see our
Cookies Policy
.
Right to withdraw consent
You can withdraw your consent for data processing under this Privacy Policy at any time by initiating the deletion of your Artstorm Account through your account settings and following the instructions provided by Artstorm after you send such a deletion request.
If you wish to withdraw your consent for a specific processing purpose not covered in the above section, please contact our Support Team. However, we reserve the right to cease providing you with the services if your withdrawal is not consistent with providing services in the manner prescribed by the Terms of Use. Please note that such withdrawal does not impact the validity of the consent before withdrawal, and we reserve the right to process your data on another lawful basis if permitted by applicable law.
Please also note that uninstalling our game (or any application related to our services) from your device does not automatically result in consent withdrawal or deleting your personal data from our servers.
Data erasure
If you decide to erase the data that we have on you, we will delete your data where it is possible, considering our obligations to store data under applicable law and, in some cases, other legal basis for its processing (for example, our interest in investigation of prohibited activity).To submit your data erasure request, please follow the special procedure for account deletion in the Personal Area of your profile within or mobile Games by navigating to Settings > Account.
Please note that data erasure would lead to complete irrevocable deletion of your Artstorm Account. This means that, after the deletion, you will be unable to restore your game progress, acquired in-game assets, and currencies.
We will first suspend an account while eliciting all the personal data that we have on you. This means that you will not have access to our Services. As a rule, we delete personal data in 30 days. However, if we need some more time to consider technical issues and the complexity of the request, we will anyway complete the erasure request within 2 months.
If you decide to restore the account after submitting your data erasure request, you may send us a request through our Support Team within 30 days after you suspended your account. We will restore your Artstorm Account and let you know if the deletion process still needs to be completed. Otherwise, we will permanently delete your account and your personal data after the expiration of this suspension period.
Exercising other rights
If you wish to exercise any other rights with respect to Artstorm processing your personal data, please submit your request to our Support Team after signing in to your Artstorm Account. We ask you to sign in with your Artstorm Account to ensure that it is you and to limit cases where third parties have access to your personal data or in any way affect processing your personal data and exercising your data subject rights.
It might happen that you have lost access to your Artstorm Account. In this case, you are still welcome to exercise your rights. When receiving your unidentified request to our Support Team, we may ask for your security data for your identification to restore access to your Artstorm Account. Usually, these are questions referring to your account and Game data, which are reasonably known only to you.
You also have the above-mentioned data subject rights regarding personal data processed by our partners as independent controllers. You may contact those partners to exercise your rights.
9. FOR UNITED STATES RESIDENTS
This section supplements the Privacy Policy to give more insights on how we handle personal information under applicable law and applies only to users residing in States where consumer privacy laws are in place ("
State Privacy Laws
").
Your rights
We highly value and respect your privacy rights and ensure their execution for our users residing in the named states. In accordance with State Privacy laws, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have the following rights:
Right to access (right to know).
You have the right to know about the personal information Artstorm collected about you and how these data are used and shared. The scope of the data provided to you and the response procedure will depend on the applicable law.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to request us to provide you with your personal information in a readily usable format so that you can transfer this information to another entity.
Right to correct.
If you think we process inaccurate information about you, you have the right to request us to correct it.
Right to delete.
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information that Artstorm has on you or shared with third parties.
Deletion of your personal information means a permanent deletion of your Artstorm Account. Once your Artstorm Account is deleted, no data can be restored, including your game progress and purchases made within our Services.
Right to opt-out of sale and targeted advertising.
We respect your privacy and want to clarify that we do not engage in the traditional “selling” of your personal information. This means we do not exchange your phone numbers, email addresses, or other personal information for money. However, like many companies, we share or make available certain personal information that we collect to third parties to personalize and improve our advertising on third-party websites or online applications. In some U.S. states, these actions may be classified as a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information for targeted advertising, and, therefore, subject to a right to opt-out.
We do not assume your consent for targeted advertising by default, so we will ask for your consent through the mobile app interface for showing personalized ads from us and our partners within the app. If we collect cookies and similar technologies on our websites, we will request your consent through the website interface. You can also withdraw your consent for specific advertising purposes or certain cookies at any time, depending on how the data was collected, by unchecking the appropriate boxes. For more details on how to manage your preferences, please see Section 8.2 “Managing Privacy and Marketing Preferences”.
To learn about the other purposes for which we share data with our partners, such as providing high-quality services, enhancing your experience with our offerings, and other business purposes, please refer to Section 4 of our Privacy Policy.
Right to be free from discrimination.
Applicable State Privacy Laws often restricts any discrimination based on exercising your rights on personal information, for example, providing different quality of goods or services, offering different prices, or setting penalties. We will not discriminate against you in any way if you choose to exercise your privacy rights.
The only exception is when you participate in our events and promotional campaigns, allowing us to use your data to provide discounts, exclusive offers, and other benefits. These activities could be considered as "financial incentives" according to specific State Privacy Laws. In such cases, we may collect your identifiers, game data (including your activity), device data, and purchase history, and share them with our partners for business and advertising purposes. Participation in these events is entirely optional and requires your consent.
Right to appeal.
If we deny your request to exercise any of the rights listed herein, you may have the right to appeal this denial, depending on your state of residence. You can initiate an appeal by sending a request to the Support Team.
Right to request via Authorized Agent.
Under certain State Privacy Laws, you may have the right to designate an Authorized Agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In such cases we may ask you to submit proof of your authorization for the Authorized Agent to process your request.
To learn more on how to execute your rights related to your personal data, see Section 8.2 above.
10. UPDATES
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
In the event of substantial changes, the updated policy shall be subject to a relevant update notice and refreshing your consent. Unless you agree with the revised version of this document, we reserve the right to suspend providing you with our services which require your data processing by us. In case of minor changes, no notice follows: you undertake to check such changes yourself. Any updates to this Privacy Policy come into effect the next day after the updated version of the Privacy Policy is published.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, how Artstorm handles your personal data, or if you disagree with the way we handle personal data processing and data protection, feel free to contact us.
Your first point of contact is our Support Team, where you can get answers to common questions about how your data is processed.
If you'd prefer to reach out by mail:
For residents of the European Union, EEA, or the United Kingdom
, you can contact our representative
Artstorm Cyprus Ltd
at: Archiepiskopou Makariou III, 181, 6th floor, 3030, Limassol, Cyprus
For residents of any other country
, you can contact
Artstorm FZE
at: Office Number 320, Third Floor, One UAQ Building, Umm Al Quwain, UAE
If you have further questions or a complaint, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@artstorm.com
, or send a letter to Artstorm Cyprus Ltd at: Archiepiskopou Makariou III, 181, 6th floor, 3030, Limassol, Cyprus (attention to: Data Protection Officer).
You are also entitled to submit a complaint in the country where you are located where it is permitted by the local legislation.
|
We use cookies
Cookies give you a personalized experience
Сookie files help us to enhance your experience using our website, simplify navigation, keep our website safe and assist in our marketing efforts. By clicking “Accept all”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device for these purposes. Click "Adjust" to adjust your cookie preferences.
For more information, review our
Cookies Policy
.
Deny
Adjust
Accept all