Stickman games free
Menu
Home
This SERVICE is provided by Stickman games free at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of data in relation to this policy. The Personal Information collected by the third party services is used for providing and improving the Service and for providing you with a relevant advertising.
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that our apps collect, by itself or through 3rd parties, there are cookies, and usage data. The personal data may be freely provided by the user, or collected automatically when using this app. Any use of cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this app or by the owners of 3rd party services, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the user. Users are responsible for any personal data of 3rd parties obtained, published or shared through this app and confirm they have the 3rd party's consent to provide the data to the owner.
The use of the collected Data
User’s data is collected to allow Stickman games free to provide its Stickman games free, as well as analytics and advertising. We may use the information we collect in the following ways:
– Managing your account preferences, establishing your profile and registration data;
– Connecting users with their contacts that are using 3rd party services;
– Analyzing trends and user traffic to improve our service;
– Notifying users of products, services, features, promotions, including in-game updates, and updates to the Privacy Policy;
– Marketing our products and/or services, including offers, promotions information, and newsletters;
– Tracking purchases and usage information
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by our apps:
Appodeal
FacebookSDK
GameAnalytics
GooglePlayGames
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party services) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies and similar data collection technologies
We and our advertising networks and their partners may use cookies and similar technologies, such as mobile “SDK”, to provide and personalize our Services and provide targeted advertisements. Some of these technologies can synchronize behavior across different mobile apps, devices, and websites so that advertisements can be tailored to your interests. This process is called personalized advertisement experience.
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Retention of data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Information for internal analysis purposes. Usage Information is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to improve the functionality of our Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Your Personal Data will be deleted when they no longer serve one of the above-mentioned purposes but in any event your Personal Data will be deleted after 14 months of inactivity in your use of our Services. Once we have deleted your Personal Data, you will not be able to exercise the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification or the right to data portability.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Detailed information of what your personal data is collecting you can find on the web-site of the third party service in Privacy section by clicking on the link in the list of third party services is listed in the section: "Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app"
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Access personal data we hold about you.
You have the right to request access to your personal data. This can be done by using “Contact us” through the in-app support feature in our Services or at hypegames36@gmail.com. Following your request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Other rights
You also have other rights such as to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You also have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your personal data, for example by turning off camera access in your mobile device settings. This will not affect any data processed before such a withdrawal.
Opt-out of targeted advertising
If you do not wish to receive notifications from us or be served with targeted advertisements you can opt-out by changing your advertising and notification settings on your device directly. You can withdraw your consent by changing your advertising settings on your device or by deleting the Game at any time. We do not respond to Web browser "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms.
FRAUD AND ILLEGAL ACTIVITY PREVENTION
We process personal data for our legitimate interests of ensuring that any use of our apps is lawful and non-fraudulent; does not disrupt the operation of our services; does not harass any individuals; to enforce our legal rights and to comply with our legal obligations
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. If you are of age from 13 to 16, in this case you should provide us with your parents’ authorization to let us collect your personal information.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new
Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
All questions, comments or inquiries should be directed to Stickman games free at
stickmangamesfree@gmail.com
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS - YOUR AD CHOICES
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Websites and/or use the Mobile Apps. These companies may use information about your visits to any of the Websites and other websites and the Mobile App(s) and other mobile applications in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. You have the ability to opt out of the use of your information for purposes of online third-party advertising. If you would like more information about your choices, visit aboutads.info. You may have the ability to manage tracking and ad preferences on your mobile device from your devices settings. We do not respond to Web browser "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms.
Privacy Policy
Copyright © Stickman games free 2020