Privacy Policy
Flex Widgets
Flex Widgets does not collect any personal data.
‍
Location tracking
If you want to use our weather services, the app needs access to your location. Your location data is then used with out weather data provider OpenWeather™ to give you accurate data regarding your current location. We do not store any location data.
Health Data
‍
If you want to use our health data graphs, the app needs access to your HealthKit Storage. We do not save or share your health data. The widget provider accesses the data and displays it in the widget. We and the actual app itself do not access or store this data.
Pictures
‍
Pictures you place in your widgets are not shared with anyone and stay locally on your device.
‍
User controlled widget sharing
‍
The user can share widgets inside of the Flex Widgets app. No personal data is shared in this process. Especially neither the server nor anyone else knows who created which widget. Still the creator can invalidate the shared links in the about > privacy section of the app.
Website
Personal data (usually referred to just as "data" below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website, including its contents, and the services offered there.
Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the "GDPR"), "processing" refers to any operation or set of operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment, or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.
The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also processing data they collect and control.The party responsible for this website (the "controller") for purposes of data protection law is:
Yannik Schrade
Chopinweg 17
89150 Laichingen
Germany
‍
Email: kontakt@yannik-schrade.de
With regard to the data processing to be described in more detail below, users and data subjects have the right
to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about - the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data (cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);
- to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);
- to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said processing per Art. 18 GDPR;to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);
- to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77 GDPR).
‍
In addition, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom it discloses data of any such corrections, deletions, or restrictions placed on processing the same per Art. 16, 17 Para. 1, 18 GDPR. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. Nevertheless, users have a right to information about these recipients.
Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller's future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.
Parts of this privacy policy are extracted from the
Model Data Protection Statement
from
Anwaltskanzlei Weiß & Partner
.