PRIVACY POLICY
Please take a few minutes to read
the following policy so that you understand how we treat your information. As
we continuously improve and expand our services, this policy might change, so
please check it periodically.
This Privacy Policy applies to
the Domino's Pizza online and mobile web sites (
www.dominos.com
) (collectively, the "Web
Sites") and the Domino's Pizza platforms and applications owned and
operated by Domino's Pizza LLC and our direct and indirect parents,
subsidiaries and affiliates ("Domino's Pizza", "we,"
"our," "us"), including but not limited to the Domino's
Anyware platform (
https://anyware.dominos.com
) and
Domino's Driver Application (collectively, the "Applications"). This
Privacy Policy describes how Domino's Pizza collects, uses, and shares
information provided through the Web Sites and Applications and information
received from other sources, including Domino's Pizza franchisees. It also
describes your rights and choices regarding our use and sharing of your
information, including how you can access and update such information.
Please note that Domino's Pizza
franchisees are independent entities and their processing of information is
subject to their own privacy policies. For information on how a specific
Domino's Pizza franchisee processes your information, please direct your
request to the relevant Domino's Pizza franchisee.
Your use of the Web Sites or
Applications constitutes your agreement to our
Terms of Use
(or
the Domino's Driver Application Terms of Use for Drivers using the Domino's
Driver Application), and acceptance of this Privacy Policy and your consent to
the practices it describes.
If you have questions about our
Privacy Policy or wish to exercise your rights and choices, please contact us
as set forth in the section entitled "Contact Us" below. You may have
additional rights based on your jurisdiction. Please click the relevant link
below for more information:
·
California
·
Nevada
·
Virginia
·
European Economic Area,
Switzerland, and United Kingdom
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Information you provide
Domino's Pizza collects
information you provide directly via the Web Site and Applications. The
information we collect includes information that identifies, relates to,
describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably
be linked, directly, or indirectly to you. The categories of information we
collect include the following:
·
Contact
Data.
We collect your first and last name, postal address, email
address, and telephone number.
·
Account
Credentials.
We collect passwords and other information for
authentication and account access.
·
Payment
Data.
We collect data necessary to process your payment if you
make a purchase, including your payment instrument number (such as a credit
card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
·
Order
Information.
We collect information about your orders and food choices.
·
Profile
Data.
We collect your interests, favorites, and preferences.
·
Content.
We
collect the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback and product
reviews you may write, or questions and information you provide to customer
support.
·
Applicant
Data.
We collect data as necessary to consider you for a job
opening if you submit an application to us, including your employment and
education history, transcript, writing samples, and references.
We collect information you
provide at various points of the Web Sites and Applications, such as the
following:
·
Account
Registration
- To register an account with Domino's, you will be
required to fill out a registration form on the Web Sites or Applications. This
form requires you to provide your contact data and account credentials. You may
also provide payment data and profile data to help speed up and facilitate your
future orders.
·
Online
Orders
- You can place an online order for carryout or delivery
through your registered account or as a guest. If you place a carryout order,
you will need to provide your first name and last name, email address,
telephone number, and order information. If you pay online, you will also need
to provide your payment data. If you place an order for delivery, you will also
need to provide your postal address in addition to the information above.
·
Rewards
Programs
- We may offer rewards programs, sweepstakes, contests,
surveys, or other promotions ("Promotions") through our Websites or
Applications. In order to participate in a Promotion, you may be required to
register an account and/or provide contact data, profile data, and other information.
·
Other
Transactions
- We may offer you other opportunities to transact with us
through the Web Sites or Applications. If you conduct transactions through the
Web Sites or Applications, we will collect information you provide directly
about the transactions you engage in while on the Web Sites or Applications
(including any data gathered through the Application while located in a
Domino's Pizza store and when you speak to and use voice ordering services
through the Domino's Anyware platform, including through applicable devices).
This information may include payment and billing information as well as the
nature, quantity and price of the goods or services you exchange, transcripts
of any words that you speak while using voice ordering services through the
Domino's Anyware platform, and the individuals or entities with whom you
communicate or transact business.
·
Email and
other voluntary communications
- You may also choose to
communicate with us through email, via the Web Sites, via the Applications (including
through voice ordering services through the Domino's Anyware platform), or
through other means. Such communications may be in connection with our customer
service efforts, your questions, or for other purposes. We collect the
information in these communications, and such information may include
information that personally identifies you.
You may choose to voluntarily
disclose other information when using the Web Sites or Applications that we do
not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such
information. Further, certain Applications, such as those using the Domino's
Anyware platforms, may capture information that you do not voluntary provide,
such as background noise or secondary communications. Therefore, you should
take steps to prevent the communication of unnecessary information when using
such Applications.
Information Collected
Automatically
When you visit the Web Sites or
Applications (including when you use the Applications in a Domino's Pizza
store), we automatically collect information about your device and how your
device interacts with our Web Sites or Applications.
The categories of information we
collect include the following:
·
Service
Use Data.
We collect data about the features you use, the emails and
advertisements you view, the products you consider and purchase, the date and
time you access the Web Sites or Applications, the pages you access while using
the Web Sites or Applications, and the internet address of the web sites, if
any, from which you linked directly to the Web Sites or Applications.
·
Device
Connectivity and Configuration Data.
We collect data about the
type of device you use, the operating system and browser you use, your internet
service provider, your device's regional and language settings, and other
similar information. This data also includes IP address, MAC address, device
advertising Id (e.g., IDFA or AAID), and other device identifiers.
·
Driver
Application Data.
If you are a Driver, we collect data about your use of the
Domino's Driver Application, such as the time you log in and out of the
Application, delivery updates, and customer service information such as the
time it takes a Driver to leave the store for a delivery and enter the store
after a delivery.
·
Location
Data.
We collect data about your device's location, which can be
precise with your consent (e.g., latitude/longitude data) or imprecise (e.g.,
location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal
code level). For example, we collect precise location through the Domino's
Driver Application to allow customers, franchisees, and authorized personnel to
track the location of Drivers and their delivery orders.
We use cookies and other tracking
technologies now and hereafter developed to automatically collect this information,
including the following:
·
Log Files
A log file is a file that records events that occur in connection with your use
of the Web Sites and Applications, such as IP address, browser type, internet
service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and
related data.
·
Cookies
Domino's Pizza servers, or the servers of other entities, may place a
"cookie" on your device, store data in your device's browser or
access pre-existing removable tracking features on your device in order to
allow you to use the Web Sites and Applications and to personalize your
experience. A "cookie" is a small piece of data that can be sent by a
web server to your device, which then may be stored by your browser on your
device's hard drive. Cookies and browser storage allow us to recognize your
device while you are on our Web Sites and Applications and help customize your
online experience and support security features. Cookies and browser storage
are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking
transaction histories and preserving information between sessions. The
information collected from cookies and browser storage may also be used to
improve the functionality of the Web Sites and Applications, analyze your use
of the Web Sites and Applications, or bring you advertising. To learn more
about how we use cookies, please visit the "Your Rights and Choices"
section below.
Types of cookies and tags on our Web Sites and Applications include:
o
Functionality:
Used to remember your preferences and for facilitating transactions such as
purchases.
o
Performance
or Analytics: Used to measure site activity to improve user experience.
o
Targeting:
Used to display information and offers that specifically interest you.
·
Local
Storage
We use Local Storage, such as HTML5 storage, to store information related to
whether the user has chosen to "Remain Logged In" as well as tokens
if other services are used. We may partner with other entities to provide
certain features on our Web Sites and Applications or to display advertising
based upon your web browsing activity use Local Storage such as HTML 5 storage
to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own
management tools for removing HTML5 Local Storage.
·
Web
Beacons ("Tracking Pixels")
Web beacons are pieces of code embedded in a website, video, email or
advertisement that send information about your use to a server. There are
various types of web beacons, including image pixels (which are small graphic
images) and JavaScript pixels (which contains JavaScript code). When you access
a website, video, email, or advertisement that contains a pixel, the pixel may
permit us or another party to drop or read cookies on your browser. Web beacons
are used in combination with cookies to track activity by a particular browser
on a particular device.
We may incorporate web beacons
to allow us to track conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the Web
Sites and Applications, and provide you with additional functionality, such as
the ability to connect our Web Sites and Applications with your social media
account.
·
Location-identifying
Technologies
GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, and other
location-aware technologies locate (sometimes precisely) you for purposes such
as verifying your location and delivering or restricting relevant content based
on your location.
·
Voice
Processing Technologies
Voice processing technologies collect data through the microphone on your
device to effectuate an instruction or request by you. We only maintain the
audio long enough to complete your instruction or request and then immediately
delete it. We may use non-audio data associated with the collection for
additional purposes such as data analytics and in accordance with this Privacy
Policy.
·
Device
Fingerprinting
Device fingerprinting is the process of analyzing and combining sets of
information elements from your device's browser, such as JavaScript objects and
installed fonts, in order to create a "fingerprint" of your device
and uniquely identify your device and applications.
·
In-App
Tracking Methods
There are a variety of tracking technologies that may be included in mobile
applications, and these are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be
controlled by browser settings. Some use device advertising Id or other device
identifiers to associate app user activity to a particular app and to track
user activity across apps.
We may incorporate tracking
technologies into our emails, Web Sites, or Applications, as well as into our
ads. Some of these tracking technologies may track your activities across time
and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use,
delivering relevant ads and/or other content to you, and enhancing the
functionality and features of the Web Sites and Applications for all users.
For further information on how we
use tracking technologies for analytics and advertising and your rights and
choices regarding them, please see the sections entitled "Analytics,
Advertising, and Retargeting" and "Your Rights and Choices"
below.
Information Collected from
Franchisees and Other Sources
We also obtain information about
you from other sources and combine such information with information we have
collected about you. The categories of other sources from which we collect
include the following:
·
Domino's
Pizza franchisees
, which are independent entities. We process information
received from the franchisees to provide them with services as well as for our
own purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
·
Social
networks
when you reference our service or grant permission to
Domino's Pizza to access your data on one or more of these services.
·
Business
Partners
with which we offer co-branded services, sell or
distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.
·
Publicly-available
sources
such as data in the public domain.
We are not responsible for the
accuracy of any information provided by other sources or the data practices of
other sources.
INFORMATION
USE
Domino's Pizza collects and uses information
in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Our purposes
for collecting and using information include the following:
·
operating
and managing our Web Sites and Applications, such as providing you with
products and services, and opening, maintaining, administering and servicing
your accounts and memberships;
·
performing
services requested by you, such as responding to your comments and requests,
processing, servicing or enforcing transactions and sending related
communications;
·
maintaining
the security and integrity of our systems, and preventing and addressing fraud,
unlawful access, and breach of our policies and terms;
·
sending
you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information about our policy
changes and administrative messages;
·
analyzing
trends and usage, such as the efficiency of deliveries and store operations;
·
helping to
establish and verify the identity of users;
·
allowing
you to participate in Promotions;
·
improving
our Web Sites, Applications, stores, products, services, advertising, and
Promotions;
·
sending
you promotional newsletters, offers, advertisements and marketing
communications and other information about Domino's Pizza and its affiliates;
·
engaging
in direct marketing and non-personalized advertising;
·
engaging
in personalized advertising, including Interest-based Advertising; and
·
fulfilling
any other purposes at your direction or with your consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may
use publicly available information (as that term is defined by applicable law)
or information that does not identify you (including aggregate information or
information that has been de-identified as those terms are defined by
applicable law) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. For
information on your rights and choices regarding how we use your information,
please see the section entitled "Your Rights and Choices" below.
DISCLOSURE
OF INFORMATION
We disclose information we
collect in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The
categories of entities to whom we disclose information include the following:
·
Service
Providers.
Domino's Pizza discloses information to service providers
and contractors that process information on our behalf. This includes entities
that help us with maintaining and operating our Web Sites and Applications,
payment processing, data analytics, marketing and advertising, and other
business purposes. To the extent required by law, we contractually limit our
service providers and contractors from retaining, using, or disclosing
information for any purpose other than performing these functions, although we
may permit them to use publicly available information (as that term is defined
by applicable law) or information that does not identify you (including
aggregate information or de-identified data as those terms are defined by
applicable law) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
·
Customers.
We
disclose information about Drivers collected through the Domino's Driver
Application to our customers to allow location tracking of delivery orders.
·
Analytics
and Advertising Vendors.
We disclose information to vendors and
other entities in connection with tailoring advertisements, measuring and
improving our Web Sites or Applications and advertising effectiveness, and
enabling other enhancements. These companies may act as our service providers,
or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information.
For more information on analytics and advertising, see the section entitled
"Analytics, Advertising, and Retargeting" below.
·
Affiliates.
We
disclose information to our related entities including our parent and sister
companies. For example, we disclose your information to our affiliates for
customer support, marketing, and technical operations.
·
Franchisees.
We
disclose information to Domino's Pizza franchisees in connection with the
services we provide to them. For example, we disclose information to
franchisees in order to facilitate your orders, maintain and administer your
online accounts, respond to your questions and comments, comply with your
requests, market and advertise to you, facilitate services with respect to
Drivers, and otherwise comply with applicable law. Domino's Pizza franchisees
are independent entities and their processing of information is subject to
their own privacy policies.
·
Business
Partners.
We disclose information with our business partners in
connection with offering you co-branded services, selling or distributing our
products, or engaging in joint marketing activities.
·
Promotions.
Our
Promotions may be jointly sponsored or offered by other entities. If you
voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, we disclose information as set out in
the official rules that govern the Promotion as well as for administrative
purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a
Promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that Promotion, and may,
except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other
entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing
materials.
·
Merger or
Acquisition.
We may disclose information if Domino's Pizza is involved
in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets. In such
event, you may be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web Sites
or Applications of any change in ownership or uses of your information, as well
as any choices you may have regarding your information.
·
Security
and Compelled Disclosure.
Domino's Pizza must disclose
information about you in response to lawful requests by public authorities,
including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may
disclose information about you in connection with legal requirements, such as
in response to an authorized subpoena or when we believe in good faith that
disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the
safety of others, or investigate fraud. We may also disclose information about
you to defend the Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Web Sites
and Applications or if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user
agreements or policies. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we
may use IP addresses, mobile device identifiers or any other information we
collect to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners,
internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement
agencies in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice
to you.
·
Facilitating
Requests.
We disclose information at your request or direction, such
as when you choose to share information with a social network about your
activities on the Web Sites or Applications.
·
Consent.
We
may disclose your information with notice and with your consent.
Notwithstanding the above,
Domino's Pizza may disclose publicly available information (as that term is
defined by applicable law) or information that does not identify you (including
information that has been aggregated or de-identified as those terms are
defined by applicable law) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable
law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share your
information, please see the section entitled "Your Rights and
Choices" below.
Notwithstanding any other sections
of this Privacy Policy, any information that is provided during the job
application process, inclusive of submissions via Text to Apply, Chat to Apply
or the General Job Application process will not be shared outside of Domino's
Pizza without the prior written consent of the applicant.
EXTERNAL
LINKS, APPLICATIONS AND DEVICES
The Web Sites and Applications
may contain links to other web sites, or may be available through devices, not
maintained or related to Domino's Pizza. These links and devices are not
sponsored by or affiliated with the Web Sites, Applications, or Domino's Pizza.
Domino's Pizza has not reviewed any or all of the sites hyper-linked to or from
the Web Sites or Applications, and has not reviewed any or all of the devices
through which certain Domino's Applications like Domino's Anyware are
available, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other
web sites, applications or devices. The links and devices are accessed and used
at the user's own risk, and Domino's Pizza makes no representations or
warranties about the content, completeness or accuracy of these links or
devices, the sites hyper-linked to the Web Sites or Applications or the devices
through which the Applications like Domino's Anyware may be available. Other
entity web sites that are accessible by hyperlinks from the Web Sites or
Applications may use cookies and other tracking technologies. Domino's Pizza
encourages you to read the privacy policies provided by other web sites and
devices manufacturers before you provide any information to them. Domino's
Pizza does not implicitly endorse web sites hyper-linked to Domino's Web Sites
or Applications or devices through which Applications such as Domino's Anyware
may be available.
SOCIAL
MEDIA FEATURES
Our Web Sites and Applications
may include social media features. These social media features may use tracking
technologies to collect information about you, such as your IP address, which
page you are visiting on the Web Sites or Applications, and may set a cookie to
enable the social media feature to function properly. If you use social media
features, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed
on our Web Sites and Applications or by the social network you use which is a
separate entity. Similarly, if you post information on a social network that
references our Web Sites and Applications (e.g., by using a hashtag associated
with Domino's Pizza in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or
in connection with our Web Site and Applications. Also, both Domino's Pizza and
the social network may have access to certain information about you and your
use of our Web Site and Applications and the social media features. Social
media features are operated by a social network, which is a separate entity and
governed by the social network’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for,
and make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any
separate entities and encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult
their privacy policies and terms of use.
ANALYTICS,
ADVERTISING, AND RETARGETING
Domino's Pizza engages other
entities for analytics services. These entities may use cookies and other
tracking technologies to analyze your usage of our Web Sites and Applications,
including data collected when you speak to and use voice ordering services
through the Domino's Anyware platform.
In addition, we engage other
entities to serve advertisements on the Web Sites and Applications and/or on
other services. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies
to collect and share information with us about your visits to this and other
services in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to
be of greater interest to you, measure and research the effectiveness of our
advertisements, track page usage and paths followed during visits through our
Web Sites and Applications, help us serve relevant internet banner
advertisements on our Web Sites and Applications and on other services, and
track use of our internet banner advertisements and other links from our
business partners' services to our Web Sites and Applications. Domino's Pizza
may use the information collected on its Web Sites and Applications for online
behavioral advertising purposes including retargeting and to customize ads to
you when you visit other services (“Interest-based Advertising”).
We also use audience matching
services (which is a type of Interest-based Advertising) to reach people (or
people similar to people) who have visited our Web Sites, Applications, or are
identified in one or more of our databases ("Matched Ads"). This is
done by us uploading a customer list to a technology service or
programmatically by incorporating technologies such as pixels, SDKs, or APIs
from a technology service into our own Web Sites or Applications, and the
technology service matching common factors between our data and their data. For
instance, we incorporate the Facebook pixel on our Web Sites and may share your
email address with Facebook as part of our use of Facebook Custom Audiences.
Some technology services may provide us with their own data, which is then
uploaded into another technology service for matching common factors between
those datasets.
As indicated above, the entities
providing these services may act as our service providers, or in certain
contexts, independently decide how to process your information. Information
collected by these services may be transmitted to and stored on servers in the
U.S. (or elsewhere). We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult
their privacy policies and terms of use.
For further information on the
types of tracking technologies we use and your rights and choices regarding
analytics, Interest-based advertising, and Matched Ads, please see the sections
entitled "Information Collected Automatically" above and "Your
Rights and Choices" below.
YOUR
RIGHTS AND CHOICES
In addition to the rights and
choices below, you may have additional rights based on your jurisdiction.
Please click the relevant link at the top of this Privacy Policy or visit the
applicable section below for more information.
Review and Update of
Account Information
You have the right to access
certain account information that you have voluntarily submitted to us through
the Web Sites and Applications. You may correct, update, amend, delete, or
remove that information by making the change within your Domino's Pizza online
account or contacting us as set forth in the section entitled "Contact
Us" below. We may require additional information from you to allow us to
confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use your information
as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and
enforce our agreements.
Tracking Technologies Generally
Most web browsers (such as
Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox and Apple Safari) accept
cookies by default. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to
decline or delete cookies. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you
will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is
subject to your browser settings and limitations.
For Apple iOS, we will only
receive access to your device’s Ad ID (known as an IDFA) if you provide
consent. You can reset your device advertising Id at any time through your
device settings, which is designed to allow you to limit the use of information
collected about you. For information on how to do this on Apple devices, visit
Apple.com or https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074. For information on how
to do this on Android devices, visit Google.com. You can stop all collection of
information via an app by uninstalling the app.
The location data collected
through an app depends on your device settings and app permissions. You can
exercise choice over the location data collected through our apps by (i) for
GPS data, disabling location in your device settings or disabling location
permissions to that app; (ii) for Bluetooth data, disabling Bluetooth and any
Bluetooth scanning option in your device settings; or (iii) for WiFi data,
disabling WiFi and any WiFi scanning option in your device settings. You can
stop collection of all location data via an app by uninstalling the app.
Your browser settings may allow
you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to online
services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what
site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly,
unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, Domino's Pizza
does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals or other mechanisms. For
more information on "Do Not Track," visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
If you disable cookies or other
device tracking features, however, you may not be able to use certain functions
of the Web Sites or Applications.
Analytics and Interest-based
Advertising
You may exercise choices
regarding the use of cookies for analytics services as follows:
·
Click here
to
view the Google Analytics opt out choice.
·
Click here
to
view the Adobe Analytics opt out choice.
You may also exercise choice
regarding the receipt of interest-based advertising. Some of the advertisers
and technology companies that perform advertising-related services for us and
our partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative
("NAI").
Click here
to
visit the Network Advertising Initiative site. Some of these companies may also
participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA")
Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about
the DAA and your opt out options for their members, please visit (i) for
website opt out,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; and (ii)
for mobile app opt out,
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
In addition, some of the
advertisers that perform advertising-related services for us and our partners
may offer their own opt out choice:
·
Click here
to
view the Google Doubleclick opt out choices.
·
Click here
to
view the Facebook opt out choices.
·
Click here
to
view the Twitter opt out choices.
·
Click here
to
view the Pandora opt out choices.
Please be aware that, even if you
are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based advertising, you may
continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those
selected members should no longer deliver certain interest-based advertising to
you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or
ads (e.g., from other ad networks).
In addition, our European users
may
click here
to
learn more information about their online choices at
www.youronlinechoices.com
and to
view their opt out choices for this type of advertising.
To opt out of us using your data
for Matched Ads, please contact us as set forth in the "Contact Us"
section below and specify that you wish to opt out of Matched Ads. We will
request that the applicable technology company not serve you matched ads based
on information we provide to it. We will also remove your email address from
any subsequent lists disclosed to ad partners for Matched Ads purposes.
Alternatively, you may directly contact the applicable technology service to
opt out.
You may also limit our use of
information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving
targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and selecting "Limit
Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Interest-Based
Ads" (for Android devices).
Please note that if you opt out
using any of these methods, the opt out will only apply to the specific browser
or device from which you opt out. Domino's Pizza is not responsible for effectiveness
of, or compliance with, any other parties' opt out options or programs or the
accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
Communications
In order to provide service to
you, we may send you communications related to your transactions, security or
the administration of the Web Sites or Applications. From time to time,
Domino's Pizza may also send you other messages or updates about our Web Sites,
Applications, Domino's Pizza, or our Promotions and other activities. If you do
not wish to receive promotional communications from Domino's Pizza, you can opt
out at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in those
communications or by contacting us as set forth in the section entitled
"Contact Us" below. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving
promotional communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails,
such as those about your account, servicing, or our ongoing business relations.
If you have opted-in to receive
push notifications on your device, you can opt-out by adjusting your device
settings or uninstalling the app.
.
INTERNATIONAL
TRANSFER
We are based in the U.S. and the
information we collect is governed by U.S. law. If you are accessing the Web
Sites or Applications from outside of the U.S., please be aware that
information collected through the Web Sites or Applications may be transferred
to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Data
protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be different from those
of your country of residence. Your use of the Web Sites and Applications or
provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer
to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information in the
U.S. and other jurisdictions as set forth in this Privacy Policy. For personal
data transferred from the United Kingdom, the European Union, or Switzerland,
we will provide appropriate safeguards, such as through use of standard
contractual clauses.
DRIVERS
The Domino's Driver Application
collects information to allow customers and others to track the location of
Drivers and their delivery orders. If you are an employee or independent
contractor of Domino's Pizza LLC or a Domino's Pizza franchisee who delivers pizzas
and other products to customers ("Drivers"), you understand that we
may process information collected about you through your use of the Domino's
Driver Application in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including for
analytics purposes and to provide services for our franchisees. In order to use
the Domino's Driver Application, you must agree to in-application permissions,
which will turn on various device features necessary for Domino's Driver
Application functionality, such as turning on the microphone to make and
receive calls, enabling location tracking to calculate delivery updates, and
authorizing notifications to receive new orders in the Driver's order queue.
For more information on the Domino's Driver Application, please review our
Domino's Driver Application Terms of Use. If you are a Driver and a California
resident, you understand that information collected about you is used solely
within the context of your role as an employee or contractor.
CHILDREN'S
PRIVACY
The Web Sites and Applications
are directed toward and designed for use by persons aged 18 or older. Domino's
Pizza will not approve applications of, or establish or maintain registrations
for any child whom Domino's knows to be under the age of 13. Domino's Pizza
does not solicit or knowingly collect personal information as defined by the
U.S. Children's Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") from children under
the age of 13. If Domino's Pizza nevertheless discovers that it has received
personal information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or
whom Domino's Pizza otherwise has reason to believe is, under the age of 13,
Domino's Pizza will delete such information from its systems. Additionally, a
child's parent or legal guardian may request that the child's information be corrected
or deleted from our files by contacting us as set forth in the section entitled
"Contact Us" below.
DATA
SECURITY
Domino's Pizza maintains
reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help guard your
information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that any email or other
transmission you send through the internet cannot be completely protected, and
we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through our Web
Sites or Applications.
CHANGES
TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Domino's Pizza reserves the right
to modify or supplement this policy at any time. Any changes will be effective
immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy. Your continued use of
our Websites and Application indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy then
posted. If a material change to the terms of this policy is made, Domino's
Pizza will post a notice prior to the change becoming effective on its homepage
and a link to the new policy.
CONTACT
US
If you have questions or comments
about this Privacy Policy, the information practices of Domino's Pizza, or your
dealings with our Web Sites or Applications, or if you have a disability and
would like to receive information on how to access this Privacy Policy in an
alternative format please contact us:
Through our
Contact Us
page
By email:
customercare@dominoscustomercare.com
By mail: Domino's Pizza LLC,
Attn: Customer Care, 30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive, Ann Arbor MI 48105
For EU-specific requests,
including our compliance with Privacy Shield or the General Data Protection
Regulation, please contact us at:
By email:
compliance@dominos.com
By mail: Domino's Pizza LLC, Attn: Information Security, 30 Frank Lloyd Wright
Drive, Ann Arbor MI 48105
GIFT
CARDS
For terms of use and privacy
policy information on Gift Cards, please
click here
.
ADDITIONAL
DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
The California Consumer Privacy
Rights Act (“CCPA”), and its replacement the California Privacy Rights Act
(“CPRA”), provide additional rights to California residents. This section
addresses those rights and applies only to California residents. Any rights
specifically relating to the CPRA shall not take effect until January 1, 2023.
Our Driver Application and
Websites may provide information and services to job applicants and business
clients. You understand and agree that information about you is collected
solely within the context of: (i) your role as an employee, job applicant,
owner, director, officer, or contractor or (ii) us conducting due diligence
regarding or providing or receiving a product or service to or from your
employer.
Notice of Collection
In the past 12 months, we have
collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the
CPRA:
·
Identifiers
,
including name, email address, phone number account name, IP address, and an ID
or number assigned to your account.
·
Customer
records
, billing and delivery address, and credit or debit card
information.
·
Commercial
or transactions information
, including records of purchases and
engagement with our Web Sites and Applications.
·
Internet
activity
, including your interactions with our Web Sites and
Applications.
·
Audio data
,
including information collected for voice ordering.
·
Non-precise
geolocation data
, including location derived from an IP address.
·
Professional,
employment and education-related information
, including information you
provide when you apply for a job with us.
·
Inferences
drawn
from any of the information identified in this section.
For further details on the
personal information we collect, including the sources we receive information
from, review the "Information Collection" section. We collect and use
these categories of personal information for the business and commercial
purposes described in the "Information Use" section.
We
disclose this personal information to the categories of persons set out in the
“Disclosure of Information” section above.
Domino's Pizza does not sell your
personal information as the term "sell" is traditionally understood.
However, some of our disclosures of personal information may be considered a
"sale" or “share” as those terms are defined under CPRA. A “sale” is
broadly defined under CPRA to include a disclosure for something of value, and
a “share” is broadly defined under the CPRA to include a disclosure for
cross-context behavioral advertising. We may collect, sell, or share the
following categories of personal information for commercial purposes:
identifiers, commercial or transactions information, internet activity,
non-precise geolocation data and inferences. The categories of third parties to
whom we may sell or share your personal information include, where applicable,
vendors and other parties involved in cross-context behavioral advertising. For
details about your rights regarding sales and shares, please see the “Right to
Opt-Out” section below.
We do not knowingly sell or share
the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California
residents.
Sensitive Personal
Information
In addition, we have collected
the following categories of sensitive personal information (as described in the
CPRA) in the past 12 months: personal information that reveals your precise
geolocation. For further details on how we obtain this information, please
review the “Information Collection” section above.
We collect, use, and disclose
this sensitive personal information as necessary to provide the services
through our Websites and Application reasonably expected by an average consumer
who requests such services, and for other permissible business purposes under
the CPRA.
We do not “sell” or “share” your
sensitive personal information as those terms are defined by CPRA.
Retention
We retain each category of
personal information, including sensitive personal information, for the length
of time that is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was
collected, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes,
prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
Right to Know, Correct and
Delete
If you are a California resident,
you have the right to know certain information about our data practices. In
particular, you have the right to request the following from us:
·
The
categories of personal information we have collected about you;
·
The
categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
·
The
categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business
purpose or sold or shared;
·
The categories
of persons to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business
purpose or sold or shared; and
·
The
business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing the personal
information
You also have the right to
request the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about
you.
Unless you specify otherwise, the
response will cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of the request.
Starting with personal information collected on or after January 1, 2023, you
may request that we disclose details beyond the 12-month period, and we shall
do so unless doing so proves impossible or would involve disproportionate
effort.
In addition, you have the right
to correct (effective January 1, 2023) or delete the personal information we
have collected from you.
These rights also apply to
sensitive personal information.
To exercise any of these rights,
please submit a request through our online form available
in the link below
or call our toll free number at 877-883-9641. If you have
an account with us, we may require you to use the account to submit the
request. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise
and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10
days. We may require specific information from you to help us verify your
identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we
may deny your requests to know or delete. If you have a Pizza Profile, you may
correct your personal information by logging in to the Pizza Profile and using
the edit feature to make corrections. Any additional requests to correct your
personal information can be made using the link below.
Make a
CCPA Request
Please note that Domino's Pizza
franchisees are independent entities and their processing of information is
subject to their own privacy policies. If you wish to exercise any of these
rights with respect to the processing of information by Domino's franchisees,
please visit your local franchise-owned and operated store location to
effectuate your requests, and we will work with the franchisee to address your
request to the extent required by applicable law.
Right to Opt Out
To the extent Domino’s Pizza “sells” or “shares” your personal
information as those terms are defined under the CPRA, you have the right to
opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, which you can
exercise through this
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
link or the link in the footer of
our website. In addition, you may exercise this right by turning on a
recognized opt-out preference signal, such as
Global Privacy Control
, in your browser or extension.
When you submit
an opt-out, your opt-out will only apply to sales and shares of personal
information through tracking technologies from the specific browser from which
you submitted the opt-out because the connection between your browser
identifiers and other personal information we have about you is not known to
us. If you want the opt-out to also apply to other personal information we have
about you (such as your contact information), please provide such information
as requested through this
Do Not
Sell or Share My Personal Information
link.
Annual
  Accounting of Data Subject Rights
Request Type
Number of Requests
Median Number of Days to Respond
Number of Request Denials
Request to Know
50
3
9
Request to Delete
251
42
26
Request to Correct
Request to Opt-out of Data Sharing
187,519
4
0
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized
agent to submit requests on your behalf. Requests must be submitted through the
designated methods listed above. However, we will require written proof of the
agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly. Please provide
written proof via email to
compliance@dominos.com
.
Right to
Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive
discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any your rights.
Financial Incentives
Under the CCPA, earned points in
Domino’s Piece of the Pie Rewards® loyalty program may be considered a
financial incentive provided in exchange for the collection and retention of
your personal information. The value of your personal information is based upon
a comparison of the amount spent by loyalty program customers compared to
similarly situated customers who do not participate in the loyalty program over
a 12-month period and also includes the following considerations:
·
categories
of personal information collected;
·
transferability
of such personal information;
·
the use of
such personal information in connection with marketing activities; and/or
·
the volume
of consumers enrolled in the loyalty program.
We will update this over time as
appropriate.
Note that you are provided with
the material terms of the loyalty program when you join and are asked to
provide your opt-in consent to participate, which you can withdraw from at any
time. For further details of the loyalty program and its terms, including how
to opt-in or withdraw your opt-in, refer to the loyalty program’s description
and terms available at
www.dominos.com/rewards
.
If you opt-out of the loyalty
program, you can continue to receive most discounted prices by emailing us
at
customercare@dominoscustomercare.com
.
Shine the Light
Customers who are California
residents may request (i) a list of categories of personal information
disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for
those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories
of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To exercise a request,
please send us an email or a letter to the addresses in the section entitled
"Contact Us" above and specify you are making a "California
Shine the Light" request. We may require additional information from you
to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to
requests once during any calendar year.
Additional
disclosures for nevada residents
Nevada law (NRS 603A.340)
requires each business to establish a designated request address where Nevada
consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds
of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about
the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information
for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party
to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are
a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with
Nevada law, please contact us as at
nevadarequests@dominos.com
.
additional
disclosures for virginia residents
The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) provides
additional rights to Virginia residents. This section addresses those rights
and applies only to Virginia residents. Any rights shall not take effect until
January 1, 2023.
You have the following rights under the VCDPA:
·
To
confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data
·
To
access your personal data
·
To
correct inaccuracies in your personal data
·
To
delete your personal data
·
To
obtain a copy of your personal data that you previously provided to us in a
portable and readily usable format
·
To
opt out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted
advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of
decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you
To exercise any of these rights,
please submit a request
through our online form available in the link below or  contact us as set out
in the “Contact Us” section above and specify which right you are seeking to
exercise. We will respond to your request within 45 days. If you have an account
with us, we may require you to use the account to submit the request. We may
require specific information from you
to
help us confirm your identity and
process your request. If personal data about you has been processed by us on
behalf of a Domino’s franchisee and you wish to exercise any rights you have
with such personal data,
please visit your local franchise-owned and operated store
location to effectuate your requests, and we will work with the franchisee to
address your request to the extent required by applicable law.
Make a
VCDPA Request
If we refuse to take action on a request, you
may appeal our decision within a reasonable period time by contacting us at
privacy@dominos.com
and specifying you wish
to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in
writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a
written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied,
you may submit a complaint to the Virginia Attorney General at
https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform
.
ADDITIONAL
DISCLOSURES FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN EUROPE
The General Data Protection
Regulation (“GDPR”) provides additional rights to individuals located in the
European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom (collectively,
“Europe”). This section addresses those rights and applies only to those
individuals.
Roles
Data protection laws in Europe
distinguish between organizations that process personal data for their own
purposes (known as "controllers") and organizations that process
personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as
"processors"). Domino's Pizza LLC acts as a controller with respect
to personal data collected as you interact with our websites, emails, and
advertisements. In some instances, Domino's Pizza acts as a processor on behalf
of the Domino's Pizza franchisees, which are independent entities. Any
questions that you may have relating to the processing of personal data by
Domino's Pizza as a processor should be directed to the relevant franchisee.
Lawful Basis for
Processing
Data protection laws in Europe
require a "lawful basis" for processing personal data. Our lawful
bases include where: (a) you have given consent to the processing for one or
more specific purposes, either to us or to our service providers, partners, or
franchisees; (b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with
you; (c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (d)
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by
us or a third party, and your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do
not override those interests. Some of our lawful bases for processing your
information stem from our independent franchisees on whose behalf we provide
services.
Your European Privacy
Rights
You have the right to access,
rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you. You also have
the right to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our
processing of personal data we have collected about you. In addition, you have
the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third
parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different
than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you.
You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based
on consent you have provided to us.
To exercise any of these rights,
contact us as set forth in the section entitled "Contact Us" above
and specify which right you intend to exercise. We will respond to your request
within 30 days. We may require additional information from you to allow us to
confirm your identity. Further, if we are processing your information on behalf
of one of our franchisees, we will refer you to that franchisee, and will
support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your
request. Please note that we store information as necessary to fulfil the
purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use the
information even after a data subject request for purposes of our legitimate
interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
If you have any issues with our
compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with an EEA supervisory
authority.
EU-U.S, Swiss-U.S., and UK Extension to Data Privacy Framework
Domino’s Pizza LLC and its subsidiaries Domino's Pizza Distribution LLC, Domino's Pizza International Franchising Inc., and Domino's Pizza International Payroll Services, Inc. (for this section collectively referred to as “Domino’s”) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Domino’s has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Domino’s has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Data Privacy Framework Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Domino’s is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF program and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Domino’s complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Domino’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  In certain situations, Domino’s may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Domino’s commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Non-HR personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. For clarity, Non-HR data includes all personal data processed by Domino’s on behalf of its customers. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from Domino’s, or if Domino’s  has not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Further, Domino’s commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning Domino’s handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
REVISION
DATE
This policy was last updated February
10, 2025.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__globalprivacycontrol.org_&d=DwMF-g&c=tuuk6YS91SuQukMhvUXrnA&r=7zXpNMRc0PuKlgoS6YCiafCoYIU-NJMnoGCjDS7z2Zc&m=GkKM6F1NV7fFqrgpIdvD1zg4J2G24FUP5DR2L-1bhiKLgejAmgivOOcb0jypCjJJ&s=uCQJXYY1s7LoXlNZSr-unX7-R-CJ3_vkr62Id6hx7W0&e=:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;