Discover and book hotels and restaurants selected by the MICHELIN Guide
Restaurants
Video: Celebrating Female Chefs
Some of our female MICHELIN Guide chefs on their experiences and dreams, as well as their advice for those hoping to follow in their footsteps.
Celebrating Women with Sally Abé
The Chef-Director of The Pem explains the significance of the restaurant's name and how she has succeeded in a male-dominated environment
Spotlight on Angelica Udeküll
This native Estonian chef who loves to champion her country's cuisine tell us her story
Clare Smyth’s London
The chef behind Three-Star CORE gives us her take on the city
Spotlight on Karoliina Jaakkola
This Green Star awarded Finnish chef tells us about her love for travel, sustainability and Estonian Cuisine
Anne-Sophie Pic’s London
One of the world's most decorated chefs shares her favourite culinary spots
Spotlight on Rebeca Recarey Sanchez & Barbara Nealon
Bib of the Month: The chef & owner of Saint Francis Provisions reveal all about their endearing, great value restaurant
Hélène Darroze's London
This famous Three-Star chef shares her top picks for dining & unwinding in the capital
Discover All the Winners from The Ceremony
Delve Deep Into All the New Stars
Moor Hall: A New Three-MICHELIN-Star Restaurant
36 New Bib Gourmands for 2025
Every MICHELIN Star in Great Britain & Ireland
The Special Award Winners 2025
5 New Green Stars for 2025
All Additions to The MICHELIN Guide 2025
LONDON by The MICHELIN Guide
ROME by The MICHELIN Guide
PARIS by The MICHELIN Guide
NYC by The MICHELIN Guide
TOKYO by The MICHELIN Guide
What is a MICHELIN Star?
All your questions answered by a MICHELIN Guide Inspector.
What is the MICHELIN Bib Gourmand Award?
Discover more about our award for good quality, good value cooking.
What is a MICHELIN Green Star?
This award highlights restaurants at the forefront of the industry when it comes to their sustainable practices.
The MICHELIN Key
Presenting the MICHELIN Key: a new award for the world's most exceptional hotels.
Get The MICHELIN Guide App
The free MICHELIN Guide app puts the world’s best restaurants and hotels right in your pocket – and lets you book them.
Everything You Want to Know About The MICHELIN Guide Inspectors
Uncover the mysteries of a profession that arouses fascination and intrigue…
8 Surprising Facts About The Michelin Man
There's more to Bibendum – MICHELIN’s adorably puffy white mascot – than you may know.
Why The MICHELIN Guide Is Where You Should Book Hotels
The MICHELIN Guide is more than restaurants. It's also the best place to book the world's best hotels. Here are five reasons why.
Landline
Reserve a table
The Coach House
Caladh
daróg
Chapter One by Mickael Viljanen
Oar
LIGИUM
Beach House
Member privileges
New
Pink Sands
Member privileges
New
Emeline
Member privileges
Vocabolo Moscatelli Boutique Hotel & Restaurant
Member privileges
New
The Ryder Hotel
Member privileges
New
Inn by the Sea
Member privileges
New
Hotel Grand Coeur Latin
Member privileges
New
Arimasansoh Goshobessho
Member privileges
New
Sanctuary Beach Resort
London
The Best Thai Restaurants in London
Cork
The Best Restaurants in County Cork
Glasgow
The Best Restaurants in Glasgow
The Best Restaurants in York
London
The Best Wood-Fired Cooking in London
Dublin
The Best Value Restaurants in Dublin
Oxfordshire
The Best Pubs in Oxfordshire
Rome
The Best Restaurants in Rome for under 40€
Explore more guides
Travel
8 minutes
The Cotswolds for a Romantic Long Weekend
The Cotwolds and romance go hand-in-hand, thanks to its idyllic honey-stone villages and peaceful air. We take a look at some of its southernmost locations with a MICHELIN Guide road trip that takes in everything from the healing waters of Bath to the UK's prettiest village, Castle Combe.
Travel
6 minutes
Peter Som's New York City Marries Ease with Flavor
The cookbook author breaks down his secret sauce for entertaining in and out of the home.
Travel
1 minute
MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province’s Culinary Spotlight Shines on Nanjing
The MICHELIN Guide unveils its 2025 Jiangsu Province selection in Nanjing, a historic yet modern culinary powerhouse along the Yangtze River.
Travel
4 minutes
Philip Barantini’s Liverpool: Top Tips From the Director of Netflix’s ‘Adolescence’
The director of ‘Boiling Point’ and new Stephen Graham Netflix series ‘Adolescence’ discusses the best restaurants in Liverpool and why he loves his home city.
Dining Out
7 minutes
Restaurants From MICHELIN Talents To Have On Your Radar
Check out these familiar faces in brand-new settings.
People
1 minute
Celebrating Female Chefs
To celebrate International Women's Day on the 8th March, along with Women's History Month, we asked some of our female MICHELIN Guide chefs about their experiences and dreams, as well as their advice for those hoping to follow in their footsteps.
Travel
1 minute
Breanna Stewart's New York: Classic, Cool, and Spicy
The New York Liberty Star's picks in the Big Apple are a slam dunk.
People
3 minutes
Celebrating Women with Sally Abé
The Chef-Director of The Pem in London explains the significance of the restaurant's name and how she has succeeded in a male-dominated environment.
Read more stories
Qatar
33 Restaurants
Lithuania
32 Restaurants
Latvia
31 Restaurants
Argentina
68 Restaurants
Vietnam
164 Restaurants
Abu Dhabi
48 Restaurants
Türkiye
131 Restaurants
Canada
174 Restaurants
Global Partner
Wuliangye
See all partners
Back to Top
Use the app to find the best restaurants and hotels everywhere
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://guide.michelin.com/ie/en/privacy-policy:
Continue without agreeing →
With your agreement, we and
our 19 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
, Create profiles to personalise content
, Develop and improve services
, Measure content performance
, Sell My Personal Information
, Share My Personal Information
, Store and/or access information on a device
, Use limited data to select content
, Use precise geolocation data
, Use profiles to select personalised content
Manage my settings
Agree and close
Login
Register
Restaurants
Hotels
Best-Of Guides
Magazine
My Favorites
Contact us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Republic of Ireland - English
                             - EUR
PRIVACY POLICY
Summary
Michelin is committed to protecting your personal information and being clear and transparent about what information we collect and how we will use it. This policy explains how any personal information we collect when you use our website or digital services, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
If you are a resident of the United States, please click
here
for Us-specific privacy disclosures.
If you are a resident of Canada, please click
here
for Canada-specific privacy disclosures.
Please read the following policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
Who we are and how we can be contacted
Our websites covered by this privacy policy
About our Privacy Department]
Other policies you should read
Information we may collect from you
Information we may collect from your Online Account Guide Michelin
Information we collect about you from other places
Where we store your personal information
Sharing your personal information
International transfers
How long will personal information be kept by us
Your rights under data protection legislation
What you can do if you’re not happy with how we use your information
About Data Security
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Who we are and how we can be contacted
Our full company name is Manufacture Française des Pneumatiques Michelin  (“Michelin”), a subsidiary of the Michelin Group and when you use our website and our services directly we act as a Data Controller.
If you need to contact us, you have a number of options, you can:
email us at
Contact us
by specifying the subject of your request and the Michelin service concerned (example: Restaurant or Hotel selection)
You can send us a letter addressed to the Privacy Department: 27, cours de l’Ile Seguin, 92105 Boulogne-Billancourt Cedex,
You can also contact us using our contact form on our website
here
You can also contact us by telephone on +33 (0)1 55 19 57 00/01
When you submit a request, please describe your request with sufficient detail that allows Michelin to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Our websites covered by this privacy policy
The information set out in this policy is applicable to the following websites:
Guide MICHELIN
website available
here
and through the local extensions accessible from the home page
mobile application available on market mobile applications stores
About our Privacy Department
While everyone at Michelin is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, we have a data protection Privacy Department who deals with all aspect of personal data at Michelin. You can contact our Privacy Department by sending an email to
Contact us
Other policies and information we encourage you to read
While this Privacy Policy contains all the information you need on how we collect and use your personal information on our websites, there is information in some other places which we encourage you to read.
Additional privacy policies
Our Cookie Policy
Our Terms of Website Use
Linked Platforms
Additional privacy policies
This is our main privacy policy for your use of website and digital services and products offered by Michelin. However, there may be additional information in privacy policy for specific digital products and services. Please read these policies when you register or subscribe to these products and services.
Our Cookie Policy
When you use our website and other digital products and services provided by us, information can be collected through cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and other digital products and services. We have a separate Cookie Policy which explains our use of cookies and the purposes for which we use them. We encourage you to read our Cookie Policy
here
Terms of use
Our Terms of Website Use tells you the terms on which you may make use of our websites and should be read alongside this Privacy Policy. You can read our Terms of Website Use
here
Linked platforms
Our site may contain links to and from our websites and digital platforms of our partner networks, advertisers, affiliates and social media pages. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
Information we may collect from you
This section sets out:
how we collect your personal information;
the categories of data that we collect;
a description of how we plan to use the information we collect;
the legal basis that we will rely on to process information collected;
how long we will hold the information collected; and
specific types of data
We may collect and hold the following information about you:
Data collected
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data
Lawful basis for processing
Retention period
If you request further information from us or our partners by signing up to receive any newsletters or marketing communications
(“
Marketing Data
”)
Marketing Data is processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters and/or any marketing communication.
We will ask you for your email address and  your country location  so we can send you these information.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
Michelin will not keep Marketing Data more than
3 years
after our last contact.
Information you provide to us when you complete a survey or respond to a questionnaire or submit a review or feedback of a restaurant
(“ Review Data”).
To collect information about a specific matter, for example, our services to you or reviews of a restaurant you have visited.
In many cases surveys, and questionnaires are anonymous and we only collect personal information for statistical data. If this is not the case, we will let you know at the time of collecting the information.
Information may include your full name, your email address and other personal data requested.
We will use our legitimate interests in the monitoring and improvement of our products and services to our customers and users as the legal basis for processing Review Data.
While we like to retain reviews and feedback from you to help other diners, we will anonymise or delete your reviews and feedback after
5 years.
Any information collected pursuant to a survey or questionnaire will be deleted within 3 years of you submitting your responses. Any information retained will be aggregated, statistical data only.
Information you provide us when you communicate with us, e.g. by email or contact us form via our website
(“ Communication Data”)
This information is used to enable us to respond to or following up on your comments, queries or questions.
Information may include your full name, your email address and other personal data you provide us to enable us to deal with your communication.
We will use our legitimate interests in the assisting you and answering your communications as the legal basis for processing Communication Data.
We will hold on to Communication Data for as long as it is necessary to enable us to deal with the matter relating to that communication. Once your matter has been dealt with, unless we inform you otherwise, we will delete Communication Data within
3 years
.
Voluntary Information
When you provide us information (for example, the information set out in the scenarios above), in some cases we may ask you for additional, voluntary information. This information will be identified as optional and is used to help us better understand our customers and tailor our services to them.
Statistical Information
We also collect and use aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal information but does not reveal your identity in any way. For example, we may aggregate your Usage and Device Data to calculate the percentage of our website users accessing a specific feature of our website. Aggregated Data is used for our own business purposes only.
Sensitive Personal Information
While we do not request sensitive personal data, we do have sections on our websites where you can submit additional information, for example, when you submit a review. If you submit information on these free text section, only submit information you are comfortable providing and always bear in mind that it may be sensitive information. If you submit reviews or feedback for our website, please remember that this information will be visible to others users of our website.
Children and Personal Information
This website is not intended for use by children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. If we become aware that we are holding any information about children under the age of 16, we will take any actions necessary to comply with data protection legislation, including if appropriate, deleting the information. If you become aware that your child (under 16) has provided their personal information to us, without your consent, please let us know as soon as possible by emailing
Contact us
so that we can take appropriate action.
Information we collect about you from your Michelin Guide Account
Michelin, an expert in recommending restaurants and accommodation, and its subsidiary Tablet, which specializes in listing boutique hotels and upscale establishments, are combining their expertise to offer a joint selection through the joint Michelin Guide account. The Michelin Guide application gives you the possibility to create a user account to manage your favorites and reservations.
This novel approach is designed to enable our users looking for unique experiences to quickly find and reserve both a restaurant and a hotel from a list of unusual addresses.
Insofar as Michelin  and Tablet jointly define the means and methods of collecting Personal Data related to the Michelin Guide Account, they are therefore jointly responsible for processing in accordance with data protection regulations. As such, the data collected via the Michelin Guide Account will be processed by each for all or part of the purposes specified below.
Data collected
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data
Lawful basis for processing
Retention period
If you register for any of our digital products or services via an account we will request information to enable us to identify you and provide the products and services to you
(“Account Data”).
Account Data will be processed for the purpose of operating our websites, providing digital services you sign up for, communicating with you about those digital products and services and maintaining back-ups of our services.
Account Data will include your profile information such as username and password that you may set to establish an online account with us, your photograph, personal bio, your interests, your favorites restaurants, hotels.
The performance of the agreement between you and us for the provision of the digital product and services is the legal basis for processing Account Data.
We will retain Account Data for as long as you have an account with us. If you do not access your account for
2 years
, we will delete your account data so that we do not keep information for longer than is necessary. You can of course, create a new account if you like.
Information you give to us when you book a restaurant
(“Booking Data for Restaurant”)
This information is used to enable us to provide you with restaurant booking services and complete your booking with the Restaurant.
We also use this information to show you your past restaurant reservations and cancellations.
We process personal information to facilitate your hotel booking  including by providing your name, payment card information and other reservation details or special request to the hotel where you book your stay
The legal basis for this processing is to fulfil the agreement between you and Michelin MTP or the booking partner in relation to your booking.
We retain your booking information for
3 years
following your last dining experience. If you provide us with new information, we will update your details.
Information you give to us when you book a restaurant
(“Booking Data for Hotel”)
For more information, please refer to the Tablet Privacy Policy [
Tablet Privacy Policy
]
This information is used to enable Tablet to provide you with Hotel booking services and complete your booking with the Hotel.
We also use this information to show you your past Hotel reservations and cancellations.
We process personal information to facilitate your hotel booking including by providing your name, payment card information and other reservation details to the hotel where you book your stay.
The legal basis for this processing is for Tablet, as data processor, to fulfil the agreement between you and the hotel.
We retain your booking information for
3 years
following your last dining experience. If you provide us with new information, we will update your details.
Information we collect about you from other places
To enable us to provide you with our services, we may receive information from other sources including:
Data collected
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data
Lawful basis for processing
Retention period
We may collect your location data (“
Location Data
”).
This data is used by us to provide our location-based services (research of nearby restaurant)
IP Address
Information from the GPS functionality of your mobile device
The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
No retention
We may collect information from our web servers’ logs
(“Usage and Device Data”).
This information is used by us for system administration and to analyse how people are using our websites and digital platforms. It also helps us to provide the best online infrastructure for your online activities.
From time to time we may also use your Usage and Device Data to make online suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
Information may include your connexion log,  IP address, operating system and browser type, language preferences.
We may also collect information on the searches you carry out on our website and your interaction with communications we send you, for example, when you open email communications.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring, improving our website, products and services and growing our business.
1 year
We and our business partners collect information using cookies or other similar technologies stored on your device (“
Behavioural Data”
)
This information is used to analyse how you use our website, digital products and services. They help us to improve our websites, deliver a better and more personalised service to you, display relevant advertising.
We may match your Behavioural Data with your Marketing Data to send you personalized notifications and/or newsletters. To reach this purpose we and our authorized partner can use technologies on our websites or digital service such as Data Management platform (DMP).
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. Information may include your display and search preferences, your search history, your location, the way you are surfing on /using our websites, products or newsletters such as mouse move, display duration and clicks) and your interests.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent or, where relevant, our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, products and services and offer you personalized content or newsletters.
Michelin will not keep this Data more than
13 month
after the collect
Marketing Communications
You may receive marketing communications or newsletters from us only (i) if you wish it, (ii) if you are one of our customers, provided that this communication will concern similar products or services.
In this context, we will use the information you provide us, usually just your name and email address.
In any case, you can unsubscribe or make stop direct marketing from us at any time either
by clicking on the unsubscribe option or preference center at the bottom of each marketing communication we send to you; and
by contacting us by email or letter using any of the contact details set out in this notice.
We will generally send you marketing communications until you choose to unsubscribe from receiving them. However, if we have not heard from you for a while or notice that you have not opened our emails in a period of 3 years, we will remove your details from our database. There’s nothing stopping you for subscribing again at any time.
Marketing from Restaurants and Partner Networks
When you book a Restaurant, you may also have the option to opt-in for marketing communications from that Restaurant or Partner. We will always ask you for your express consent before allowing Restaurants or Partner Networks to market to you. Restaurants and Partner will have access to information on which individuals have opted-in and which have chosen not to opt-in.
Marketing by the Restaurants and Partner are subject to their own privacy policies and you should consult these privacy policies for further information.
Where we store your personal information
In practice, the personal data you provide to us by signing to receive our newsletters, marketing communications or booking data are hosted in the European Union or United States:
For Marketing Data
by our subcontractor Salesforce Marketing Cloud. (or other subcontractor), but technical support is provided by Salesforce Marketing Cloud from the United States, India and therefore your personal data can be access by non EU/EEA country. This transfer is governed by a contract containing the clauses of the European Commission as mentioned above.
For Restaurant Booking data
by our Booking Partner such as  LaFourchette SAS (TheFork), Bookatable or any other Booking Partner, information is stored on secure servers within UK or EEA. While we are committed to keeping your personal information secure, the transmission of information online via the internet is not completely secure. We, together with our service providers will do our best to protect your personal information but information provided is at your sole risk.
For Online account data
by Tablet Inc: information is stored on secure servers within United States.
Sharing your personal information
We only share your personal data with people who have a need to know such information to perform their responsibilities. We may share your personal information with the following:
Within the Michelin Group
- we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries to the extent necessary for the same purposes of the initial processing set out in this policy. In particular, your contact data (identity, email address, interests) can be shared with the companies of the Michelin Group Experience business line (Tablet Inc, RPWA "Robert Parker") in order to get to know you better and to send you marketing communications related to the newsletters to which you subscribed).
Service Providers
- Michelin may share your personal data with subcontractors that Michelin may use to process your request or provide the services. These subcontractors act as data processors on our behalf and provide IT and system administration services, such as hosting and email and SMS services.
These service providers are legally obligated to keep the personal information they may have received confidential and secure and to use your personal information the basis of our instructions only.
We may also share your personal information with third parties:
For legal reasons
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Michelin Group, our customers, or others. In this context, we may disclose your personal information to our professional advisors who are under a duty of confidentiality.
On the basis of your consent
Third parties can collect information about you on our website, products or services via cookies or similar technologies, in order for example to provide personalised ads or to make profiling. These cookies will be accepted by you in accordance with our Cookie Policy. You can read it
here
.
If you consented to receive offers from our partners, we can also transfer your Marketing Data to third parties, in order to send you newsletters and marketing communications as mentioned above (section 7).
To the restaurants
Michelin share Booking Data, reviews, where applicable payment data and other relevant information you provide us with the Restaurants that you request services from. This information is provided to the Restaurants to enable them to continue to process and manage your booking. Once we pass your information to the Restaurant, the Restaurant takes the role of Data Controller and we become the Data Processor. Michelin are not in control of any information where a restaurant acts as a data controller and you should ensure that you review each restaurant’s privacy policy where applicable.
International Transfers of Personal Data
Michelin is an international group with databases in the various countries in which it operates. Michelin may transfer your personal data within the group to one of its databases or to its external partners located outside of your home country.
As levels of data protection vary worldwide, we do not transmit your personal data to Michelin group companies or to third-party companies outside of the European Union unless these companies offer the same or similar level of personal data protection as Michelin.
For transfers within Michelin, the company has adopted internal rules governing the transfer of personal data from the European Union or European Economic Area. By clicking on
BCRs
, you can find the details of these rules.
Transfers of data outside the group are governed either by the BCR of the subcontractor or by contracts containing the clauses of the European Commission for suppliers established outside the EU to guarantee a similar level of protection as that of your home country.
How long will personal information be kept by us?
As a rule, we will not hold your personal information for any purpose or purposes for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collect it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. For more specific retention periods, please see section 5 and 6 above.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see your right to be deleted below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your rights under data protection legislation
Data protection legislation provides you with certain rights, depending on your applicable law, when it comes to the processing of your information. These are the right to:
The right to be informed
The right to access your information
The right to correct your information
The right to delete your information
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability (transfers your information) for
The right to object to processing
For further information on your rights
The right to be informed
You have the right to be informed about how we collect and process your personal information, including who we are, how we use your personal information and your rights in relation to your personal information. We have gathered all the information you need in this privacy notice.
The right of access your information
You have the right to access the personal information we have on you. We can confirm whether or not your information is being processed and provide you with access to your personal information.
The right to correct your information
If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have that information corrected and updated. If we have disclosed your information to any third parties, where possible, we will inform them of any updates you provide to us. You can update the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using any of the contact methods details in this Privacy Policy.
The right to delete your information
You have the right to request the deletion or removal of your personal information where there is no reason for us to continue to process it. The circumstances in which you can request the right to be forgotten includes, where the information is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was originally collected or processed and where you have withdrawn your consent to processing.
There are some limited circumstances where the right to be forgotten does not apply – if you want to know, just ask.
The right to restrict processing
You also have the right to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of your personal information. If you request us to suppress your personal information, we will stop any further processing of it.
This right applies only to individuals in Europe which personal data processing are governed by European regulation (GDPR).
The right to data portability
If you want to move or transfer your personal information to a different service provider or copy your information for your own purposes, you have the right to have your information transferred to another person.
This right applies only to individuals in Europe which personal data processing are governed by European regulation (GDPR).
The right to object
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your information.
You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at
here
The right to define the outcome of your personal information after your death
You have the right to give us instructions on what we wish that we do with your personal information after your death. We will register it and if we heard that such event occurred, we will comply with your instructions.
This right applies only to individuals in Europe which personal data processing are governed by European regulation (GDPR).
For further information on your rights
You can find further information on your data protection rights from your local supervisory authority website.
What can you do if you’re not happy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. However, if you’re not happy with how we collect or process your information or just want some further information on your rights, you can contact us in the following ways:
You can email us at
here
,
You can send us a letter addressed to the Privacy Department, 27, cours de l’Ile Seguin, 92105 Boulogne-Billancourt Cedex,
You can also contact us using our contact form on our website
here
.
We will work with you to resolve any issues you may have and aim to answer any question raised by you as soon as possible.
You can also make a complaint to your local supervisory authority website.
About Data Security
Michelin has implemented measures to protect the privacy, security and integrity of your personal data. Access to personal data is restricted to those employees and service providers who need to know this information and who have been trained to comply with rules on confidentiality.
On Michelin's commercial sites, banking information will be collected by an authorized payment service provider for the purposes of effective, legal secure payment processes. These measures may consist of SSL encryption (intended to make the data unreadable to others) during the collection or transfer of confidential data. Said information will be used only for purposes of online payment and will not be retained.
Michelin ensures that your personal data are not altered, damaged or accessed by unauthorised third parties.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change our policy from time to time. Any changes we make to this policy in the future will be posted on this page. If you have an online account with us, we may notify you of any changes by email or through your account the next time you log on.
Date [May 2022]
MICHELIN Guide
Privacy Policy
Stay Dates
Rates in EUR for 1 night, 1 guest
Rates in EUR for 1 night, 1 guest
Save
Use the app to find the best restaurants and hotels everywhere
Display settings
Customize your experience by easily adjusting display settings for territory, and currency to suit your preferences!
Territory:
USA
France
United Kingdom
Italia
Germany
Thailand
España
Japan
Taiwan
Netherlands
Abu Dhabi
Argentina
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
China Mainland
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dubai
Estonia
Finland
Global
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Malaysia
Malta
Mexico
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Republic of Ireland
South Korea
Serbia
Singapore
Slovenia
Sweden
Switzerland
Türkiye
USA - California
USA - Chicago
USA - Colorado
USA - Georgia
USA - New York
USA - Orlando, Miami, Tampa
USA - Washington DC
Vietnam
Republic of Ireland
Language:
English
English
Currency:
USD - US Dollar
EUR - Euro
GBP - Pound Sterling
CAD - Canadian Dollar
CHF - Swiss Franc
JPY - Yen
AED - UAE Dirham
AUD - Australian Dollar
BBD - Barbados Dollar
BHD - Bahraini Dinar
BMD - Bermudian Dollar
BRL - Brazilian Real
BSD - Bahamian Dollar
CLP - Chilean Peso
CNY - Yuan Renminbi
COP - Colombian Peso
DKK - Danish Krone
DOP - Dominican Peso
FJD - Fiji Dollar
HKD - Hong Kong Dollar
IDR - Rupiah
INR - Indian Rupee
ISK - Iceland Krona
JMD - Jamaican Dollar
KES - Kenyan Shilling
KWD - Kuwaiti Dinar
LKR - Sri Lanka Rupee
MAD - Moroccan Dirham
MUR - Mauritius Rupee
MXN - Mexican Peso
MYR - Malaysian Ringgit
NOK - Norwegian Krone
NZD - New Zealand Dollar
OMR - Rial Omani
PGK - Kina
PHP - Philippine Peso
PKR - Pakistan Rupee
QAR - Qatari Rial
SAR - Saudi Riyal
SCR - Seychelles Rupee
SEK - Swedish Krona
SGD - Singapore Dollar
THB - Baht
TND - Tunisian Dinar
TRL - Turkish Lira
TTD - Trinidad and Tobago Dollar
VEB - Bolivar
XPF - CFP Franc
ZAR - Rand
EUR - Euro
Save
Want to leave a review?
Go to the "Visited" list under
My Lists and tap the "Review" button to leave your comments from your visit
Go to my favorites
Reset
View results
Sort by:
Member privileges
The Plus program provides upgrades and amenities at participating hotels. For this hotel, Plus members will receive:
Non-members can add the privileges at checkout through our 30 day free trial, cancellable at anytime.
OK