Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
4
Loading…
{"id": "1bzGE_b9z_k37_zKqsvejIQLD_DNp_kDW", "title": "Privacy Policies.docx", "mimeType": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document"}
Page 1 of 4
Personal Contract Information
Presto Eat may collect the following information from users of our app: first name, last name,
street address, area and city, phone and contact numbers, e-mail address, GPS location (mobile
site) (collectively, &quot;Personally Identifiable Information&quot; or &quot;PII&quot;).
In addition, Presto Eat may collect information regarding Presto Eat account holders&#39; past Presto
Eat orders, favorite restaurants, customer service inquiries, service/restaurant reviews and certain
social networking preferences (e.g. pages you &quot;Like&quot; or &quot;Recommend&quot;).
Non-Personally Identifiable Information (or &quot;Non-PII&quot;) is aggregated information, demographic
information and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity. We and our
third party service providers may collect Non-PII from you, for example your location, gender
and date of birth and we may aggregate PII in a manner such that the end-product does not
personally identify you or any other user of the Site, for example, by using PII to calculate the
percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code.
Use of your information
Presto Eat uses PII to create users&#39; Presto Eat accounts, to communicate with users about Presto
Eat services, to offer users additional services, promotions and special offers and to charge for
purchases made through Presto Eat. Users may affirmatively opt-out of receiving promotional
communications from Presto Eat. Presto Eat may also use PII to enforce Presto Eat terms of use
and service.
Presto Eat shares users&#39; Presto Eat order content, special order instructions, first and last name,
street address and telephone number with restaurants where users&#39; orders are placed to the extent
necessary to process those orders. Presto Eat may also disclose PII to third parties such as
attorneys, collection agencies, tribunals or law enforcement authorities pursuant to valid requests
in connection with alleged violations of Presto Eat terms of use and service or other alleged
contract violations, infringement or similar harm to persons or property.
User generated content posted through the app such as service/restaurant reviews and certain
social networking preferences (e.g. pages you &quot;Like&quot; or &quot;Recommend&quot;) may be viewed by the
general public. Accordingly, Presto Eat cannot ensure the privacy of any PII included in such
user generated content.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Because Non-PII does not personally identify you, we
may use such information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share such Non
PII, which does not personally identify you, with our affiliates and with other third parties, for
any purpose. In some instances, we may combine Non-PII with PII (such as combining your
name with your geographical location). If we do combine any Non-PII with PII, the combined
information will be treated by us as PII hereunder if it is so combined.
Page 2 of 4
IP Addresses. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating app usage levels, helping
diagnose server problems, and administering the app. We may also use and disclose IP
Addresses for all the purposes for which we use and disclose PII. Please note that we treat IP
Addresses, server log files and related information as Non-PII, except where we are required to
do otherwise under applicable law.
Order placement information
Personal information required during the order process includes name, address, phone number,
email address and other similar information used to identify you and complete an order. Personal
information collected at our app will be shared with a restaurant when processing your order. We
have an agreement with all member restaurants, restricting disclosure or further processing of
personal information provided to them by us. Your personal information will be used to notify
you of your order status. Personal information will not be shared with any of our business
partners or affiliates without your permission. It is treated as confidential, and will not be
disclosed to outside parties, unless compelled by applicable legislation.
Navigation and Click stream data
As you use our app, we gather navigational and click stream data that shows what kind of
features you have used or how long you have stayed on a particular page etc. This information
will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete,
support and analyze your purchases from us; to facilitate and improve your use of the app; to
comply with any requirements of law; to serve, or have a third party serve specialized or relevant
advertising content and/or recommendations to you on the app or on a third party’s app and for
internal purposes. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties
involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and
support of your use of the app.
Marketing
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes
without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect
from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and
advertising.
Do we disclose your personal information?
Page 3 of 4
We may disclose your information to our staff and to third parties involved in the delivery of
your order, and the analysis and support of your use of the app. We may disclose your
information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or
threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1)
conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal
process served on us or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of the app
or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for
fraud protection and credit risk protection.
How is personally identifiable information disclosed?
We may disclose PII: To our third party service providers who provide services such as website
hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT
services, customer service, e-mail delivery services, credit card processing and other similar
services to enable them to provide services. As required to fulfill your purchase (e.g., to our
restaurant partners to enable them to fulfill your order). To identify you to any person to whom
you send messages regarding app-related content through the app. To third parties sponsors of
Promotions (irrespective of whether such Promotions are hosted by us), or otherwise in
accordance with the rules applicable to such Promotion. You should carefully review the rules, if
any, of each Promotion in which you participate, as they may contain additional important
information about a sponsor&#39;s or other third parties’ use of your PII. To the extent that the terms
and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of your PII conflict with this Privacy
Policy, the terms and conditions of such rules shall control.
to an affiliate or other third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture,
assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock
(including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
as we believe to be appropriate: (a) under applicable law including laws outside your country of
residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and
government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of
residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of
our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates,
you or others; and (g) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may
sustain.
Protection of your personal information
Our app has secure pages to collect user information and most critical data is stored in encrypted
form. We use various technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality,
security and integrity of data stored on our system. Our servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
and encryption technology that works with Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer,
Firefox, Safari and Chrome.
Security
Privacy Policies.docx
Privacy Policies.docx
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy Policies.docx. Page 1 of 4