Terms & Conditions
Security & Privacy
Purchase Order Policy
Security Privacy
1. Introduction:
The domain http://www.azafashions.com including any web-pages, thereof is the web-site (“
Website
”) of Aza Fashions Private Limited (hereinafter "
Aza
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
") having its registered office at 39 Rajgir Chambers, Opp. Old Custom House, Shahid Bhagat Singh Marg, Mumbai 400 023, India.
Aza is sensitive to privacy issues on Internet and therefore considers it important to inform the manner in which Aza receives the information from the visitor (hereinafter “you” or “your”) who visits the Website. Please read this privacy policy including any amendments or revised versions thereof (“Privacy Policy”) and if you have any questions or concerns regarding Privacy Policy please feel free to send an e-mail at compliance@azafashions.com.
2. Applicability:
This Privacy Policy applies exclusively to this Website with immediate effect and by visiting our Website you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is binding upon you on each occasion when you visit the Website including while (i) registering yourself on Website, (ii) undertaking any transaction on the Website, (iii) accessing blog page on the Website, (iv) transacting with Aza etc.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to entities which are not managed, owned or controlled by Aza or to the people who are not engaged, employed or managed by Aza.
3. Collection Of Information:
In order to browse our Website, you do not have to reveal your personally identifiable information. However, our web-servers will collect non-personally identifiable information such as IP address, browser versions, number of visits, time-spent on Website, products viewed, etc.
There may be occasions when our Website would require you to provide personally identifiable information including name, residential or other address, phone or mobile number, e-mail address, gender, bank account or credit card information, etc. For example: when you (a) send Aza any feedback on any products; (b) seek consultation with Aza (c) subscribe to Aza’s news-letters, blog or receive any updates on special offers that are offered by Aza; (d) inquire about Aza’s products; (e) place a purchase order for any merchandise through the Website; (f) create/register an online-account with Aza or subsequently update any information so provided; (g) conduct online surveys; (h) seek refund of any payment made, etc.
Please note that you are under no compulsion to provide your personal/non-personal information and any information provided by you is with your full consent, own volition and desire to provide such information.
By accessing the Website or sharing information on the Website, you permit Aza to use your information including personal or sensitive personal data/information as provided or may be provided to Aza and stored by Aza in electronic medium in connection with your visiting the Website or ordering products made available on the Website or availing any services from Aza, etc. Thus in connection with the use of Website by you, Aza is entitled to collect, store, analyze and even share your personal or sensitive personal data/information with its consultants, advisors or any third party to comply with the requirements of any applicable law or for any other lawful purposes.
For avoidance of doubt, Aza is under no obligation to verify the source of your personal information or sensitive personal data/information and shall not be responsible for authenticity of the information provided by you. You may choose to withdraw this consent (unsubscribe) by writing an e-mail to the Aza. However rendering of any assistance by Aza is contingent upon your continued consent to Aza’s usage of your personal information or sensitive personal data/information as aforesaid.
4. Use of Information:
The information so collected enables Aza to keep record of the number of visits, average time spent on the Website, various web-pages/ products viewed, etc. in order to improve the content of the Website and its functionality, analyze online data generated on Website to give personalized shopping experience to the visitor, improve order processing and delivery/shipping logistics, etc. and thus give the visitor an overall enriching experience on every visit.
Occasionally Aza may also share with its associates, subsidiaries or reputable/trusted third parties some of the personally identifiable information to render various services to you. For example: (i) Aza will have to share your mailing address or phone/mobile number with courier company to deliver goods ordered on the Website or any brochure/catalogues etc.; ii) Aza may share the data with the suppliers to deliver the goods/merchandise ordered on the Website; (iii)Aza may share the data generated on Website with software developers for improving the content and features of the Website or for targeted advertisement; (iv) if you register online on Website, Aza may share your data with other reputable partners/trusted third parties who may provide you with products or services or any offers which you may find interesting.
Without prejudice to aforesaid, Aza also reserves its right to disclose information in order to comply with order from any governmental, judicial or quasi-judicial authorities or pursuant to requirement of law, or when Aza is legally advised or in order to protect Aza’s rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud and credit risk reduction.
Aza is the sole owner of the information collected through the Website. In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets or due to change in control or opt for a scheme of amalgamation or arrangement, consumer information may be one of the business assets that are transferred as part of the transaction. Should such a transaction occur then other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be bound to follow this privacy policy or similar policy with respect to your personal information.
5. Data Deletion Process:
At Aza, we are committed to protecting your personal data and respecting your privacy. If you would like to request the deletion of your data from our systems, please get in touch with our customer care team for assistance. Please feel free to reach out to us by emailing contactus@azafashions.com. We will respond to your request and take the necessary steps to delete your data promptly.
6. Cookies and Other Codes:
A cookie is a tiny element of data that Website can send to your web browser, which may then be stored on hard drive of your mobile/computer. Cookie enables us to recognize you when you visit the Website or certain pages on the Website.
Aza uses cookies to facilitate the online shopping process by showing you merchandise based on your preferences and provide you with a more personalized shopping experience. Cookies are also used to provide dynamic services to regular customers in an efficient and smart way.
Your browser can be set to not accept cookies from our Website, but this would restrict your use of the Website to a certain extent. Aza assures you that cookies placed by Website in your browser do not contain any personal or private details and are free from viruses.
Aside above, Aza may, from time to time, use any other software technology such as Google Analytics system for aforesaid purposes.
7. Security:
Aza is committed to protecting the information received from you. Reasonable technical and management practices have been put in place to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of information received from visitor on our Website and stored on our system. While we implement the above security measures on this Website, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible and therefore should be careful while using a shared computer network of computer resource. You are requested to sign off from the Website when finished using a shared computer.
The Website redirects you to a payment gateway for making payment. The payment gateway site encrypts your personal information using secure socket layer technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information. For avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that Aza does not have any access to the data keyed on payment gateway sites.
If you are a registered user with our Website, we suggest that you do not share your login-id or password with any person. We strongly recommend you to change your login password frequently.
While accessing Website if you observe any suspicious activity on the computer resource, you are requested to change your password immediately.
Please note that Aza will never send you request e-mail or call you for sharing your password. If you receive any such e-mail or call requesting password, please inform Aza representatives immediately by sending us an e-mail at compliance@azafashions.com.
Our Website may provide links to other websites owned/controlled by third parties. While Aza tries to link only to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, Aza has no control over these websites and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these third party websites. It is clarified that Aza is not responsible for the content or privacy policies employed by such third party sites and accordingly requests you to use discretion while visiting such links.
Any visitor who has received an invitation to join or register on the Website may choose not to receive such invitations in future by following the instructions in the e-mail invitation. If you are already a registered member/visitor, you may choose not to receive such invitations by changing your preferences by sending an email to contactus@azafashions.com. Aza will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to fifteen business days as we process your request.
8. Children's Privacy and Parental Controls:
We do not solicit any personal information from minors. If you have not completed 18 years of age, you are not authorized to use the Website.
Use of our Website is available only to persons who are competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872.
Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that you can use to prevent your children from submitting information online without parental permissions or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.
9. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction:
By accessing this Website, you agree that the laws of India govern this Privacy Policy and courts at Mumbai alone shall have jurisdiction over any dispute that may arise between Aza and you.
10. Grievances:
If you have any questions/grievances about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending letter to the attention of ‘Grievance Officer’ either to our registered office or by e-mail on compliance@azafashions.com.
11. Miscellaneous:
n case of a conflict in any terms of Privacy Policy, the decision of Aza shall be final and concluding, and you irrevocably withdraw your right to make any claim or demur on this ground.
Please also read Terms and Conditions as set out on the Website. By accessing the Website, it shall be deemed that you have read the Terms and Conditions and this policy and the same are acceptable and binding upon you.