Privacy Policy
Last modified: October 4th, 2020
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes how OptionStrat, LLC (referred to as “we”, “our”, “us” or “OptionStrat”) collects, uses, and stores your information. This privacy policy, together with our Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) separately agreed to you and incorporating this policy, establishes the legal terms and conditions of the agreement between us governing the submission of the Information and our use of it in performing the Service. All capitalized terms used in this policy and not otherwise defined here will have the meanings assigned to the in the Terms of Use. By submitting the Information, you agree to be bound by this policy, User ("you") allow the Information to be used in the manner specified in this policy.
2. Information we collect
We collect Information that you provide to us, and collect information automatically through your use of the Service.
a. Information provided by you
We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our website or provide to us in some other manner. This includes identifying information, such your email address, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). If you contact us for support, we will keep an internal record of what support was given.
b. Information collected automatically
We collect non-personally identifiable information automatically for the primary purpose of customizing the Service, understanding how it is used, and preventing misuse.
For example, when you use access the Service, we automatically record information from your device, its software, and your activity using the Service. This may include, but is not limited to the date and time of your access to the Service, your device’s internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, the web page visited before you came to our website, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration information, metadata concerning files included in the Information submitted to us, and other interactions with the Service.
We also use “cookies” to collect information and improve the Service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your device. We may use “persistent cookies” to recognize you for future access to the Service. We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.
3. Use of your information
a. General
We may use information that we collect about you to (a) deliver the Services, (b) manage your account and provide you with customer support, (c) perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others, (d) communicate with you by email, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties, (e) develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and other sites, including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites, (f) perform ad tracking and website analytics, (g) enforce or exercise any rights in Terms of Use, and (h) perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
b. Financial information
We may use financial information or payment method information to process payment for the products you order, enroll you in the discount, rebate, and other programs in which you elect to participate, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business.
c. Third-Party Service Providers
In all circumstances, we may perform the functions described above directly or use a third party vendor to perform these functions on our behalf who will be obligated to use your personal information only to perform services for us and only in conformance with this privacy policy. (for example, to process payments on our behalf)
4. Sharing or Disclosing Your Information
a. Personal Information
We
do not share your personal information
with others
except as indicated below
or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared.
We may share information, including personal information, with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include processing payments, delivering emails, performing business and sales analysis, ad tracking and analytics, supporting our website functionality, and supporting other features offered through the Service. These service providers
may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but are NOT permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes
and are required to use the information in conformance with this privacy policy.
b. Other Information
Automatically collected non-personally identifiable information may be aggregated and disclosed without restriction. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of the Service with the press, in our marketing materials or with our business partners.
c. Other Disclosures
We may disclose to outside parties Information you submit and other information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with applicable Law; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of us or our customers and users; (d) to protect our property rights; or (e) enforce the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction, but we will notify you (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your Information or if either become subject to a different privacy policy. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information.
5. Accessing Your Information; Your Choices
If you have an account with us, you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account and editing your account profile. More information about how to contact us is provided below. If you have an account with us, you also may close your account by contacting us. After you close your account, you will not be able to sign in to the Service or access any of your personal information. If you close your account, we may still retain (a) any non-personally identifiable information, and (b) certain personal information associated with your account, if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse or enforce the Terms of Use. Information stored in routine backups may also be retained for the period those backups are retained in the ordinary course of business.
When you register for the Service, you consent to receive email messages from us. You will be given the opportunity, in any commercial email that we send to you, to opt out of receiving such messages in the future. It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request. We may send you transactional emails, such as service announcements, payment receipts, or administrative notices, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them
6. CCPA
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal Information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information), to delete their personal Information, to opt out of any "sales" that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us.
7. GDPR
Subject to certain limitations, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides EU consumers with rights concerning the use of their Personal Data, including the right to be informed, the right of access, the right to rectification, the right to erasure, the right to restrict processing, the right to data portability, the right to object, and rights in relation to automated decision-making. If you want to exercise any of your GDPR rights, please contact us.
8. Security
We use reasonable methods, consistent with industry practices, to protect the confidentiality of your information, including administrative, physical and technical methods. Information you submit to or receive from our Service is sent using an encrypted TLS connection.
No method of transmission over the internet is completely secure, therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your information.
9. Our Policy Toward Children
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with information, we will take steps to delete that Information from our records, subject to any retention reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse or enforce the Terms of Use.
10. Third-Party Websites
Our website may include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of this policy. If you submit information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
11. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. If this Privacy Policy is modified, we will update this page and the revision date.
12. Contacting Us
To ask questions about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, your Information, or anything relating to the Service, including requests that we unsubscribe you from communications, you may email us at our contact email:
contact@optionstrat.com