App Mockup > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Gravity22
built the App Mockup app as an Ad Supported app. T
            his SERVICE is provided by Gravity22 at no cost and is in
            tended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my
            policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
            Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to
            the collection and use of information in relation to this
            policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
            used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or
            share your information with anyone except as described i
            n this Privacy Policy.
The terms
            used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in
            our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Easy OC
            R unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may re
            quire you to provide us with certain personally identifia
            ble information. The information that I request will be r
            etained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services
              that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third
              party service providers used by the app
Google
                  Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Serv
            ice, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and
            information (through third party products) on your phone
            called Log Data. This Log Data may include information su
            ch as your device Internet Protocol (IP
            ) address, device name, operating system version, the con
            figuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time
            and date of your use of the Service, and other statistic
            s.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
            commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
            to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
            stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collect in
            formation and improve their services. You have the option
            to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a
            cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to re
            fuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portion
            s of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and
            individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our be
              half;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist u
              s in analyzing how our Service is used.
I w
            ant to inform users of this Service that these third part
            ies have access to your Personal Information. The reason
            is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. H
            owever, they are obligated not to disclose or use the inf
            ormation for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your
            Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercia
            lly acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that
            no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
            electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I ca
            nnot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
            a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
            that these external sites are not operated by me. Ther
            efore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy
            of these websites. I have no control over and assume no
            responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or prac
            tices of any third-party sites or services.
Childrens Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
            I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
            information from children under 13. In the case I discov
            er that a child under 13 has provided me with personal in
            formation, I immediately delete this from our servers. If
            you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your
            child has provided us with personal information, please
            contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions
            .
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from
            time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
            periodically for any changes. I will notify you of an
            y changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2020-01-01
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesita
            te to contact me at
report@gravity22.com
.