Privacy Policy
Last updated: 10 October 2024
Thomas Cook Tourism (“Thomas Cook”) is the data controller. We understand and respect the importance of protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us, in respect of your relationship with us as a customer or a potential customer. This information may be collected via our websites (“Sites”), our contact centres, our mobile applications (“Apps”), our questionnaires/surveys, our representatives or appointed agents in overseas destinations, or our social media channels (collectively, our “Services”).
Please read the following information carefully. You are responsible for ensuring that (i) the other people that you are acting on behalf of are aware of the content of this Privacy Policy; and (ii) you have checked with them that they agree to their personal data being given to us.
By giving your personal data to us, we will transfer, store or process it as set out below. We will take all reasonably necessary steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and we take appropriate security measures to help protect your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration and disclosure.
The security of your data also depends on you. For example, where we have given you or where you have chosen a password for access to certain services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
1. REASONS FOR COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only collect and use your personal data if at least one of the following conditions applies:
1. we have your consent;
2. it is necessary for a contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
3. it is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation;
4. it is necessary to protect your vital interests or those of another individual;
5. it is in the public interest or we have official authority to do so; or
6. it is in our or a third party’s legitimate interests and these are not overridden by your interests or rights.
2. More information on the lawful bases upon which we may rely to process your personal data is set out in Schedule Two below.
3. PERSONAL DATA YOU GIVE TO US
1. When you register your details on our Services or connect with us, including by email, post and phone or through social media, you may provide us with your personal details, including your name, e-mail address, post code, date of birth, phone number, travel preferences, and your account login details, such as your username and the password you choose.
2. If you enter a competition or promotion, complete a survey or questionnaire, or if you give feedback or contributions or report a problem with any of our Services, we will collect your name and relevant contact information and any other personal data you choose to give us.
3. If you contact us online, we may keep a record of your e-mail or other correspondence, and if you call us by telephone, we may monitor and/or record phone conversations for training and customer service reasons.
4. If you upload any content to our Apps by positing videos, photographs, comments, and messages, such content may include some of your personal data which we will be stored on our secure servers until you delete that content or your account.
5. To help us keep your information current, accurate and complete, please ensure you tell us if anything needs to be changed.
4. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND/OR OBSERVE ABOUT YOU
Based on how you have used our Services in the past and your activity on our website, social media channels, or with our contact centre, we collect the following personal data about you:
1. details of the services we have provided to you in the past, including your previous travel arrangements, such as holidays and other purchases, and matters related to those arrangements, such as details of your previous enquiries, requirements or complaints;
2. personal information about you based on how you use our Apps (behavioural and engagement data) for the purposes of personalising content that appears in the App;
3. information about your social preferences, interests and activities;
4. details of your visits to our Sites and Apps (including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and weblogs) whether this is required for our own purposes or otherwise, and of the resources that you access, including information about when you click on one of our adverts, including those shown on other organisations’ websites. We use third party technology services, such as Google Analytics to administer these services;
5. details of website(s) you visited before you use a link to our Sites and Apps, pages visited in our Sites and Apps, and time spent on each page;
6. information regarding referral source, payment source, information to the credit bureau, amount for products and services on a transaction and other related information;
7. your location data when you turn on location settings and use geo-tagging functions within our Apps. Some of our location-enabled Services require your personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use location and geo-tagging services on our Apps, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling Location Data in your App or device settings.
8. additional personal data that we may require you to provide us with as you use our Services;
9. information about your computer (or mobile device/tablet), including, where available, your IP address, operating system, device location, browser type and details, and online identifiers such as cookie identification numbers, for system administration purposes, marketing purposes (both our own, and third party advertisers for whom we provide advertising services) and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and any reports we share do not identify any individuals; and
10. details of emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on.
5. PERSONAL DATA OF CHILDREN
Our Services, including the Sites and Apps, are not directed to children under the age of majority. We do not knowingly collect information, including personal data, from children or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services without a lawful basis for processing (which may include consent by the minor’s guardian or for the purposes of fulfilment of a contract). If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of majority, and there is no lawful basis for having such personal data, we will promptly delete it unless we are legally obligated to retain such data. Contact us if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from a child under the age of majority.
6. PERSONAL DATA OBTAINED FROM OTHER SOURCES
We might also receive your personal data from third party sources who collect information about you on our behalf, such as specialist companies that supply information, retail partners and public registers. This includes:
1. if you tell a third party that you would like to receive marketing communications from Thomas Cook, they will securely transfer your contact details and marketing preferences to us;
2. if you log-in using your social network credentials to connect to any of our Services, such as Facebook, Google+ or Twitter, you will agree to share your user details with us, including, your name, email address, date of birth, location and any other information you choose to share with us;
3. if you complete any of our customer feedback questionnaires/surveys, the information you provide will be processed on our behalf and provided to us by a third party; and
4. if you provide feedback on us via a social media survey, the feedback, but not your personal data, will be processed by the social media platform and passed to us.
7. PERSONAL DATA YOU PROVIDE ABOUT OTHER INDIVIDUALS
1. We use personal data about other individuals provided by you in the course of providing you with the Services.
2. By providing other people’s personal data, you must be sure that they agree to this and you are allowed or authorised to provide it. You should also ensure that, where appropriate, they understand how their personal data may be used by us.
8. WHERE IS YOUR DATA STORED AND WHO IT’S SHARED WITH
1. Your personal data is held on a combination of our own systems and systems of the suppliers we use to provide our services.
2. When you give your personal data to us, some of the personal data you provide will need to be given to and processed and stored by relevant third parties. These third parties include:
1. our carefully selected suppliers that carry out certain functions on our behalf, including our technology and data management partners who help us to administer the Services, companies that help us with IT services, storing and combining data, marketing, advertising campaign, and market research, companies that provide location services, and companies that help us to moderate the user-generated content to ensure no harmful content is available on our Services;
2. other financial institutions that we have partnered with to jointly create and offer a product or service who may only use this information to market and offer Thomas Cook related products, unless you have given consent for other uses;
3. our contact centre (including ‘
live chat
’) partners who provide services to support customer enquiries; and
4. an organisation we sell or transfer (or enter into negotiations to sell or transfer) any of our businesses or any of our rights or obligations under any agreement we may have with you. If the transfer or sale goes ahead, the organisation receiving your personal data can use your data in the same way as us.
3. We may need to share personal data to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud and reducing credit risk. We may do checks to confirm your identity. That is to help protect you from identity theft and other types of fraud, and to prevent and detect crime or money laundering. Once in a while we might run more checks with CRAs and FPAs to keep your information and your account up to date. If false or inaccurate information is provided and identified as fraud, the details will be passed to FPAs. This information may also be shared with law enforcement agencies.
4. Some of these third parties may be based outside of the UK or European Economic Area (“EEA”). Organisations that are based outside of the UK or EEA may not be subject to the same level of controls in regard to data protection as exist within the UK and the EEA. We aim only to transfer your data to third parties outside of the UK or EEA where either:
1. your personal data will be subject to one or more appropriate safeguards set out in the law to make sure your personal data remains adequately protected and that it is treated in line with this Privacy Policy. If you’d like more information about our safeguards, please contact us. These safeguards might be the use of standard contractual clauses in a form approved by regulators, having our suppliers sign up to an independent privacy scheme approved by regulators (like the US ‘Privacy Shield’ scheme), or other appropriate measures; or
2. the transfer is necessary to enable your contract to be performed.
5. Due to the decision of the UK leaving the EU, the way your data is transferred from the UK to other countries may change to ensure continuing compliance with applicable data protection laws but it will not change the security of your data. This will depend on the data protection rules in place for the international transfers of data outside of the UK once the UK has left the EU.
6. When we share personal data with other organisations we require them to keep it safe, and they must not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.
7. We only share the minimum personal data that enable our suppliers and retail partners to provide their services to you and us.
8. We may share the minimum personal data necessary with other public authorities if the law says we must, or we are legally allowed to do so.
9. Thomas Cook, as a company belonging to the eSky.pl S.A. capital group, may use IT systems as part of its operations, including booking and/or transaction systems managed by eSky.pl S.A. (hereinafter referred to as eSky.pl), with headquarters in Katowice (40-265), at ul. Murckowska 14A, registered in the Register of Entrepreneurs kept by the Katowice-Wschód District Court in Katowice, 8th Commercial Division of the National Court Register under the number KRS no.: 0000383663, and holding NIP no.: 948-19-87-199, with a share capital of PLN 1 060 877,50 which processes personal data as a data processor commissioned by Thomas Cook and in accordance with the principles set out in the Thomas Cooks Privacy Policy and eSky.pl privacy policy available at
https://www.esky.com/privacy-policy
9. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION WHEN PROVIDING OUR SERVICES TO YOU
In order to provide our services to you, we use the information we hold in a number of different ways. We process your information where we have legal basis to do so, including because we have your consent or that we have a legitimate business reasons for doing so. We may use and process your personal data as set out below where it is necessary for us to carry out activities for which it is in our legitimate interests as a business to do so:
1. to manage and improve your experience:
1. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Sites and Apps, when you choose to do so. When using our Apps, you can choose not to use interactive features by changing your settings on the App itself;
2. to ensure that content from our Sites, Apps and systems is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
3. to personalise your experience of our Services by ensuring only relevant and useful marketing material is visible to you when using our services; or
4. to notify you about changes to our service;
2. to make contact and interact with you:
1. we want to serve you better as a customer so if you contact us, for example by email, post, and phone or via social media, we may use personal data to provide clarification or assistance to you; and
2. we need to process your personal data so that we can manage any promotions and competitions you choose to enter, including those we run with our suppliers and retail partners, for example, if you win a prize; and
3. to promote our business, and manage and improve our products, Services, and day-to-day operations:
1. to send marketing correspondence about products and services similar to those you have previously bought from us or viewed on our App or Sites. You can opt out and object to our sending you electronic marketing information and this option will be included in every marketing message we send you. See the section ‘When and how do we use your information for marketing for more information’;
2. to monitor how our Services are used to help protect your personal data, detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of Services. This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our Services;
3. to respond to and to manage security operations;
4. to moderate content available on our Apps to ensure that no harmful content is made available on our Apps;
5. for internal research/analysis to improve the quality of our Services, the products we offer and new products we are developing by:
1. inviting customers to take part in surveys, questionnaires, customer/business discussion groups or other market research activities;
2. using aggregated customer data to make informed decisions based on analysis of customer booking or other purchase trends and behaviours; and
3. to promote our business, brands and products and measure the reach and effectiveness of our campaigns:
1. to contact you with targeted advertising delivered online using Google DoubleClick and through social media and other platforms operated by other companies. You may receive advertising based on information about you that we have provided to the platform or because, at our request, the platform has identified you as having similar attributes to the individuals whose details it has received from us. To find out more, please refer to the information provided in the help pages of the platforms on which you receive advertising from us; and
2. to obtain more information about you by sharing your personal data with technology companies or platforms who may also hold information about you and can match their records with ours. We/these companies may use cookies to match the personal data each of us hold about you (see further our Cookies Policy).
4. We use this information in two ways:
1. we identify links between your attributes and your behaviours and market to others with the same attributes, in our direct marketing campaigns and through targeted advertising delivered through our Sites, Apps or third party platforms, including social media channels; and
2. we tailor and personalise our interactions with you to make them more relevant to your interests. These interactions include your journey around our Sites and the content that appears on it and marketing communications we send or show to you in our direct marketing campaigns and through online targeted advertising described in the paragraph above. Please see ‘How we personalise marketing for you’ for more information.
5. We may use and process your personal data, where we have your consent to do so, to send marketing correspondence about products and Services available from Thomas Cook and/or from our business partners/affiliates, where we have asked for your permission to do so. See the section ‘When and how do we use your information for marketing for more information’.
6. We may use and process your personal data and may pass it to third parties where there is a legal requirement for us to do so, including:
1. to respond to requests from any government body, law enforcement agency, court or regulatory authority, that requires us to disclose personal data in line with applicable data protection laws; or
2. for anti-money laundering and terrorist financing purposes.
7. Processing subject to national laws: We may also use and process your personal data (including special category data such as information on your health specifically for insurance purposes) where we have a specific legal basis to do so under applicable data protection law.
10. ADDITIONAL DATA PROVISIONS FOR BANKING TRANSACTIONS FOR CUSTOMERS IN THE EEA
In the event that the Services include a banking transaction, additional data regulations apply. These can be found in Schedule 1 of this Privacy Policy.
11. WHEN AND HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR MARKETING
1. If you have made an enquiry through one of our Services, your personal data may be used by us in the ways applicable data protection law allows, to contact you by post, electronic means (e-mail or text message) and/or by phone with information and offers relating to our products or services. We will only do this if you did not opt out of such marketing at the point where we collected your contact details.
2. If you have not made an enquiry, we will only send you information and offers by e-mail or text message if you sign up (opt in) to receive such marketing, either directly through us or by telling a third party that you would like to receive marketing from us. We will only send you information and offers by App push notifications if the permissions that are set in the Settings section of your device allow for this to happen. If you do not wish to receive App push notifications, you can change your settings and opt-out at any time.
3. We like to hear your views to help us to improve our products and Services, so we may contact you for market research purposes. You always have the choice about whether to take part or continue in our market research.
12. HOW DO WE PERSONALISE OUR MARKETING TO YOU
1. To try and ensure that our marketing communications and advertising are relevant to you, we work with third parties to offer a better experience to customers and potential customers.
2. Using new technologies and with the help of our advertising agencies and marketing activation platforms, we may use your personal data in the following ways:
1. to try to ensure any marketing communications we send to you are offering products or services likely to be of interest to you.
2. to tailor and track our digital marketing (for example, our internet banner advertisements) and links from our marketing partners’ websites to our Sites. This digital marketing may include marketing related to Thomas Cook or marketing related to business partners to whom we provide advertising services.
3. We monitor your usage and behavioural data to identify your interests. Where we identify that a product or service depicted in an advertisement aligns with your interests, we push those relevant advertisements to you. We maintain anonymised reports about the performance of the ads that appear in our Apps including information about how people interact with ads.
4. Our business partners and advertising networks may serve you with non-personalised adverts on our Sites via advertising technology, including Google Double Click for Publishers. Non-personalised adverts are targeted using contextual information regarding the pages visited on our Site, rather than the past behaviour of a user. We allow third parties to collect information about your online activities using cookies and other technologies. The third parties may include our affiliate companies, our suppliers/business partners who collect information when you view or interact with an advert on one of our Sites, and advertising networks. We also collect information about your online activities using cookies and other technologies when you use websites other than our Sites to provide advertising services on behalf of our business partners. This technology allows us to display an advert to you relating to a business partner on other websites based on your page visits and other behaviours whilst on our Sites.
5. Cookies are small data files that allow a website to collect and store a range of data on your desktop computer, laptop or mobile device. Cookies help us to provide important features and functionality on our websites and mobile apps, and we use them to improve your customer experience. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
13. WHAT YOU NEED TO DO IF YOU DON’T WANT OUR MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
1. You have the right at any time to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by selecting the ‘no marketing’ option on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise this right at any later time by using the unsubscribe link on any marketing e-mail you receive, or by contacting us (see How to contact us).
2. You can opt out of App push notifications in the Settings section of your device.
14. YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
1. You have the right to make a Data Subject Access Request in many circumstances. That is a request for access to the personal data that we hold about you. If we agree that we have to provide personal data to you (or someone else on your behalf), we’ll provide it to you or them free of charge.
2. We may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal data. If someone is acting on your behalf they will need to provide written and signed confirmation from you that you have given your authority to that person/company for them to make the request. We will ask for this to be provided before we give you (or another person acting on your behalf) a copy of any of your personal data we may be holding. We may not provide you with a copy of your personal data if it includes the personal data of other individuals or we have another lawful reason to withhold that information.
3. Please see the section below titled ‘How to Contact Us’ if you need to make a Data Subject Access Request.
15. CORRECTING AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
1. The accuracy of your information is important to us and we are working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you.
2. In the meantime, if you change your name or address/e-mail address, or you discover that any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please let us know. It is your right to request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
16. WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT
Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis for processing your personal data, as set out in section above titled ‘How do we use your information when providing our services to you’, you may withdraw your consent at any time. If you would like to withdraw your consent to receiving any direct marketing to which you previously opted-in, please see the section titled ‘What you need to do if you don’t want our marketing communications’ for further details.
17. OBJECTING TO OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You have a right to object to processing of your personal data where we rely on our legitimate business interests as the legal basis for processing your personal data for any purpose(s). You may object to us using your personal data for these purposes by e-mailing or writing to us at the address provided in the ‘How to contact us’ section. Except for the purposes for which we are sure we can continue to process your personal data, we will temporarily stop processing your personal data in line with your objection until we have investigated the matter. If we agree that your objection is justified in accordance with your rights under data protection law, we will permanently stop using your data for those purposes. Otherwise we will provide you with our justification as to why we need to continue using your data.
18. ERASING YOUR PERSONAL DATA OR RESTRICTING ITS PROCESSING
1. You have a right to request erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances. You may do so by asking for your personal data to be removed from our systems by e-mailing or writing to us provided in the ‘How to contact us’ section. Provided we do not have any continuing lawful reason to continue processing or holding your personal data, we will make reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
2. You also have a right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data where you believe it is unlawful for us to do so, you have objected to its use and our investigation is pending or you require us to keep it in connection with legal proceedings. We may only process your personal data whilst its processing is restricted if we have your consent or are legally permitted to do so, for example for storage purposes, to protect the rights of another individual or company or in connection with legal proceedings.
3. Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis for processing your personal data or need to process it in connection with your contract, as set out in the section titled ‘How do we use your data when providing our services to you’, you may ask us to provide you with a copy of that information in a structured data file.
4. You have a right to request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party (for example, another service provider), and we will do so if this is technically possible. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. We may not provide you with a copy of your personal data if it contains the personal data of other individuals or we have another lawful reason to withhold that information.
5. We will erase your data, unless we have to keep it for legitimate business or legal purposes.
19. MAKING A COMPLAINT
1. We encourage you to contact us if you have a complaint and we will seek to resolve any issues or concerns you may have. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator where you believe your legal rights have been infringed, or where you have reason to believe your personal data is being or has been used in a way that doesn’t comply with the law. The contact details for the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the data protection regulator in the UK, are available on the ICO website (ico.org.uk/).
2. If you wish to contact us about this Privacy Policy, you can e-mail or write to us using the contact details in the ‘How to contact us’ section.
20. HOW TO CONTACT US
1. You have a right to access your personal data by requesting a copy of the personal data we hold about you, although you should be able to access online the personal data associated with your account or booking. More information on your right to access your personal data is set out in Schedule Two below.
2. Please include any details to help us identify and locate your personal data. Where we can provide data access, we will do so free of charge except where further copies are requested in which case we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.
3. You can also contact us if you have a complaint about how we collect, store or use your personal data. We aim to resolve complaints but if you are dissatisfied with our response, you may complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. To contact us about this Privacy Policy, to make a Data Subject Access Request, or a data protection related complaint, please submit your complaint or request:
1. by email to: dataprotection@thomascook.com; or
2. by post to: UK Legal & Compliance Dept, Thomas Cook Tourism, C/O Tmf Group 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon Street, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 4AB.
4. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request or complaint. We may also ask you for more information to help ensure that you are authorised to make such a request or complaint when you contact us on behalf of someone else.
5. Once you have made your request and provided us with the information we need to begin a search for the personal data we hold on you (including proof of identity), we will have 30 days to respond.
21. KEEPING HOLD OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
1. If you’ve made an enquiry, or agreed to receive marketing communications, your personal data will be retained to ensure we provide the best possible customer service to you. We retain your personal data for as long as is necessary for us to use your data as set out in this Privacy Policy. This will generally be for up to 2 years, or such other time that may be required for our legal and audit purposes or that is required by law. After this period, we will securely erase your personal data. If your personal data is needed after this period for analytical, historical or other legitimate business purposes, we will take appropriate measures to anonymise this personal data.
2. If you’ve signed up for our App, the personal data that you provide to complete sign-up, sign-in and account maintenance will be retained for as long as your account is active. If you delete your account, we will securely erase your personal data from our servers within 1 week.
3. If you upload any content (including videos, photos, comments, and messages) to our App, that content will be retained for as long as your account is active or until such content is deleted by you, whichever is sooner.
4. If you provide any personal data to us for the purpose of completing a booking with us, such Personal data will be retained indefinitely in order to allow you to access the details of any bookings you have made with us, including upcoming and past bookings.
5. User engagement and behavioural data will be anonymised and stored for as long as is necessary for us to use your data as set out in this Privacy Policy. This will generally be for up to 5 years, or such other time that may be required for our legal and audit purposes or that is required by law. After this period, we will securely erase your personal data.
22. WHAT IS OUR APPROACH TO DATA SECURITY
1. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, and although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Services, therefore any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will take all reasonable steps to keep your personal data secure and to try to prevent any unauthorised access, use or loss of your data, by putting in place appropriate security measures and limiting access to those who have a business need to know. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Sites and Apps, you are responsible for keeping that password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
2. We have a process to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and the ICO of a breach where legally required to do so.
23. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU FOLLOW A LINK FROM OUR WEBSITE TO A THIRD PARTY WEBSITE
Our Services may contain links to and frames of websites of our principals, suppliers, advertisers and other third parties. You can tell when a third party is because their name will appear with ours. If you follow a link or otherwise use any of these other websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and cookie policies and  you should make sure that you read such policies carefully before providing any personal data on a third party’s website as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for these third party websites. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
24. SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES
Our Services may contain social media features such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and Pinterest that have their own privacy notices. Please make sure you read their terms and conditions and privacy notice carefully before providing any personal data as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these features.
25. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
1. This Privacy Policy replaces all previous versions. We reserve the right to update or alter this Privacy Policy from time to time so please check it regularly on our Sites for any updates. You can request a copy of a previous version of our Privacy Policy. If the changes are significant, we will obtain your consent or provide a prominent notice on our Sites if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
SCHEDULE ONE – ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS FOR BANKING TRANSACTIONS IN THE EEA
In order to provide the Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Policy) may be required to be transferred to other related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the Services.
Specifically, you consent to and direct to disclose necessary information to: (i) the police and other law enforcement agencies; (ii) security forces; (iii) competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; (iv) competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations, and other third parties, including companies, that:  (a) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (b) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity; or (c) to conduct investigations of violations of our terms and conditions (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities.
We may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies.
SCHEDULE TWO – LAWFUL BASES FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Consent means processing your personal data where you have signified your agreement by a statement or clear opt-in to processing for a specific purpose. Consent will only be valid if it is a freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of what you want. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to deliver the best services to you as well as to provide you with positive and secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are outweighed by the potential negative impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.esky.com/privacy-policy:
JavaScript (used for interactive content etc.) has been disabled in your browser. Unless you enable it, the site will not work properly or at all.
How to enable JavaScript:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Opera
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
eSky.pl S.A., with headquarters in Katowice (40-265), at ul. Murckowska 14A, registered in the Register of Entrepreneurs kept by the Katowice-Wschód District Court in Katowice, 8th Commercial Division of the National Court Register under the number KRS no.: 0000383663, and holding NIP no.: 948-19-87-199, with a share capital of PLN 1 060 877,50 hereinafter referred to as the “Operator”, grants the users of the websites the right to make choices about sharing information concerning them. The Operator informs users that they use cookies and geolocation technology on the websites.
Cookies are small pieces of text information sent by a web server and stored on the user’s end. Default cookies parameters give access to the information gathered in cookies only to the server that creates them.
Cookies are used to gather information related to the user’s activity on the Website. Cookies allow the operator to:
save the user’s session (after logging in), so that the user does not have to enter their login and password again on each subpage of the Website;
adjust the Website’s content to the user’s preferences and optimise the use of websites; in particular, these files help to recognise the user’s device and display a website appropriately and adapt it to the individual needs of the User and the devices they use.
gather anonymous statistical data that help to learn more about the way the users use the Website.
It helps to improve the Website, its structure and content, based on the users’ expectations.
The Website uses two basic cookie types: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary files that are stored on the user’s end device until they log out, leave a website or turn off software (the web browser). Persistent cookies are stored on the user’s end device for a period of time specified in the cookies parameters or until they are removed by the user.
As part of the Website, eSky.pl S.A. also uses some mechanisms of internal entities, partners, advertisers, in particular, the social media functions of Facebook and Google which are directly related to the storage of these entities’ cookies on the user’s end device.
If the software used for browsing websites (the web browser) enables the storage of cookies on the end device by default, users may change the cookies settings at any time in their web browser (this applies to all types of cookies) or remove these files from their devices. In the case of geolocation services, the user directly agrees to them by accepting the web browser settings.
Restricting the use of cookies may negatively impact some of the functions available on the Website or disable them.
Cookies never include the user’s personal data.
The information stored in cookies or gaining access to it does not result in configuration changes on the user’s end device or the software installed on that device.
Personal Data Protection Policy
The text below (the “Personal Data Protection Policy”, hereinafter referred to as the “PDP Policy”) will help you learn why and how long eSky.pl S.A. (hereinafter referred to as the “Data Administrator”) will process your personal data. You will find out which entity categories can have access to your personal data and what rights you can exercise in relation to the processing of your personal data. The Policy is closely related to the necessity to follow new requirements concerning the processing of the data, arising from the EU laws on the protection of personal data, i.e. Regulation (EU) 2016/679, also referred to as the GDPR (hereinafter referred to as the Regulation).
The PDP Policy is a part of the eSky.pl S.A. Privacy Policy that also regulates the use of cookies.
The PDP Policy refers to the data gathered on a website or an application, as well as through a Call Center.
The administrator of your personal data - processed for the purposes specified below - is eSky.pl S.A., with its registered office in Katowice,
Murckowska 14a Street,
e-mail: iod@esky.com
The Data Administrator has appointed the Personal Data Protection Inspector (hereinafter referred to as the “Inspector”). You may contact the Inspector in all matters related to the processing of your personal data, also if you have any doubts about you rights. The Inspector is obliged to keep their responsibilities confidential - according to the EU or the national law.
Personal Data Protection Inspector: Grzegorz Gawin
e-mail: iod@esky.com
The Inspector’s responsibilities:
informing the Data Administrator and the employees who process personal data, about their responsibilities arising from this Regulation and other EU or Member Countries’ laws on the protection of personal data and advise them on this issue;
monitoring adherence to the GDPR, other EU or Member Countries’ laws on the protection of personal data and the policies of the Data Administrator or a processing entity in the field of personal data, including distribution of responsibilities, actions that raise awareness, training the employees that take part in the operations related to data processing or audits connected to that;
offering recommendations on evaluating the effects on data protection upon request and monitoring the protection;
cooperating with a supervising authority;
being a point of contact for the supervising authority in issues related to data processing, including prior consultations, discussed in Article 36, and in relevant cases - leading consultations on all other issues.
The Data Administrator guarantees that they will process your personal data only for precise, clear and justified purposes and they will not process them further contrary to these purpose. The purpose of data processing is the reason why we process your personal data. If the Data Administrator wants to process your personal data for other purposes - not specified below - you will be informed about the new purpose separately. The table below presents the purposes of data processing.
Purpose
Explanation
Legal basis
Processing length (when will your data be removed)
Creating an account on the Website according to the terms and conditions (hereinafter referred to as the “Terms and Conditions”).
This relates to data processing that is necessary to create an account at
www.esky.com
and use it, for example, to verify the correctness of the data or to review transactions. The process of creating the account is automated. If you experience any problems with creating the account, you can contact the Call Center. Every user is authorised to create the account. No initial verification is required.
Article 6 section 1 letter b) of the GDPR
and Article 22 section 2 letter a) of the GDPR
Throughout the period of the account service, however if the account is not created or removed, the data is archived and will not be used for purposes other than those related to determining, pursuing or defending counterclaims.
Entering into an agreement on providing service according to the Terms and Conditions.
Regardless of whether you create the account at
www.esky.com
or you are an unregistered user, you can use services according to the Terms and Conditions, e.g. book a ticket or make a hotel reservation. Personal data gathered in the process of ordering a service are processed (e.g. they will be shared with airlines or other service providers) to finalise the service.
The agreement may also be concluded through the Data Administrator’s Call Center.
The agreement is executed automatically.
Every user is authorised to conclude the agreement. No initial verification is required.
Article 6 section 1 letter b) of the GDPR and Article 22 section 2 letter a) of the GDPR
Throughout the period of the service and until the statute of limitations on the counterclaims expires, however if the agreement is not concluded and the service is not provided according to the Terms and Conditions or after the period of provision of the service expires, the data will be archived and will not be used for purposes other than those related to determining, pursuing or defending counterclaims.
Performing the obligations under the agreement on providing service according to the Terms and Conditions.
Regardless of whether you create the account at
www.esky.com
or you are an unregistered user, you can use services according to the Terms and Conditions, e.g. book a ticket or make a hotel reservation. Personal data gathered in the process of ordering a service are processed (e.g. they will be shared with airlines or other service providers) to perform the obligations under the agreement.
You may also select additional options while ordering a service (according to the Terms and Conditions), if you select these options, your data will also be processed for the purposes of providing this additional service.
The agreement is concluded automatically, unless the service is operated by Call Center.
Every user is authorised to receive the service. No initial verification is required.
Article 6 section 1 letter b) of the GDPR and Article 22 section 2 letter a) of the GDPR
Throughout the period of the service and until the statute of limitations on the counterclaims expires, however if the agreement is not concluded and the service is not provided according to the Terms and Conditions or after the period of provision of the service expires, the data will be archived and will not be used for purposes other than those related to determining, pursuing or defending counterclaims.
For the eSky marketing purposes.
If marketing is done through emails - you will be asked to give additional permission - see details below. In such a case, the data accessed from the account or during the transaction process and while the service is being provided and for this period. The indicated purpose may be achieved through displaying personalised advertisement based on profiling. According to the GDPR, profiling is any form of automated personal data processing that involves the use of personal data for evaluation of personal aspects of a natural person, in particular for analysis or prognosis of the aspects related to this natural person’s performance at work, their financial situation, health, personal preferences, interests, credibility, behaviour, location and movement;
Article 6 section 1 letter f) of the GDPR
Until objection is made and after it is made only for the purposes of defence against claims (throughout the statute of limitations on the claims arising from infringement of personal interests).
For the purposes of achieving public and legal (e.g. taxes) responsibilities related to the agreement on providing service according to the Terms and Conditions.
This refers to performance of obligations assigned to the Data Administrator under Polish law
Article 6 section 1 letter c) of the GDPR
Until the statute of limitations on the public and legal obligations (e.g. taxes) expires.
For the purposes of keeping the Website safe.
This is about preventing unauthorised access to the electronic communication network and sharing malicious codes, stopping attacks, such as “service denial” and protecting computer systems and electronic communication network from damage.
Article 6 section 1 letter f) of the GDPR
Until an effective objection is made (see details below) or until the statute of limitations on counterclaims expires, e.g. those related to breach of safety rules on the Website -> whichever event occurs first.
For the purposes of a statistical analysis, including a financial analysis, and using its results to improve the quality of the services offered by the Data Administrator.
The analysis is performed “manually”. The analysis aims to identify transactions that constitute a breach of the agreement (without the intention of payment) for the purpose of pursuing the rights by the Data Administrator.
Article 6 section 1 letter f) of the GDPR
Until an effective objection is made or until the statute of limitations on counterclaims expires, e.g. those related to breach of safety rules on the Website -> whichever event occurs first.
For the purposes of sending the newsletter.
In such a case, you will be asked for additional permission and to provide your email address. In such a case, the data accessed from the account or during the transaction process and while the service is being provided and for this period. The indicated purpose may be achieved through displaying personalised advertisements based on profiling. According to the GDPR, profiling is any form of automated personal data processing that involves the use of personal data for evaluation of personal aspects of a natural person, in particular for analysis or prognosis of the aspects related to this natural person’s performance at work, their financial situation, health, personal preferences, interests, credibility, behaviour, location and movement;
Article 6 section 1 letter a) of the GDPR
Until the permission is withdrawn and after it is withdrawn only for the purposes of defence against claims (throughout the statute of limitations on the claims arising from infringement of personal interests).
For the purposes of sending “price alerts”.
In such a case, you will be asked for additional permission and to provide your email address. In such a case, the data accessed from the account or during the transaction process and while the service is being provided and for this period. The indicated purpose may be achieved through displaying personalised advertisement based on profiling. According to the GDPR, profiling is any form of automated personal data processing that involves the use of personal data for evaluation of personal aspects of a natural person, in particular for analysis or prognosis of the aspects related to this natural person’s performance at work, their financial situation, health, personal preferences, interests, credibility, behaviour, location and movement;
Article 6 section 1 letter a) of the GDPR
Until the permission is withdrawn and after it is withdrawn only for the purposes of defence against claims (throughout the statute of limitations on the claims arising from infringement of personal interests).
For the purposes of displaying the so-called web push.
In such a case, you will be asked for additional permission. Web push delivers a question to the User that will appear in the address bar and will ask the User for his permission to receive web push notifications. The User may accept or block the notifications. The content of notifications is created by the browser and interference is not permitted.
Article 6 section 1 letter a) of the GDPR
Until the permission is withdrawn and after it is withdrawn only for the purposes of defence against claims (throughout the statute of limitations on the claims arising from infringement of personal interests).
For the purposes of geolocation that is used to display personalised advertisements.
In such a case, you will be asked for additional permission.
Article 6 section 1 letter a) of the GDPR
Until the permission is withdrawn and after it is withdrawn only for the purposes of defence against claims (throughout the statute of limitations on the claims arising from infringement of personal interests).
For the purposes of performing the obligations related to the enforcement of the laws specified in the GDPR.
In such a case, the data are processed only within the scope that is necessary to identify and verify the identity of the person who makes the request.
Article 6 section 1 letter c) of the GDPR
For the purposes of defence against claims, throughout the statute of limitations on the claims arising from infringement of personal interests.
For the purposes of determining, pursuing or defending against counterclaims related to:
- providing services according to the Terms and Conditions (within this scope, processing complaints);
- performing obligations arising from the GDPR (to adhere to the regulations).
In such a case, the data is processed only within the scope necessary for the purposes of investigation, determining the claims or defending against the claims.
Article 6 section 1 letter f) of the GDPR
Throughout the statute of limitations on the claims, both the claims against the Data Administrator and those assigned to the Data Administrator.
For a purpose of archiving and handling of queries at eSky Assistant Service
The processing of personal data is necessary in order to verify frequently asked questions as well as to provide service enhancements, including updated responses to queries, on the basis of demand.
Article 6, section 1, letter b) and Article 6 section, 1 letter f)(with regard to service quality improvement in accordance with information provided by customers).
Throughout the period of the service and until the statute of limitations expires. However, if the agreement has not been concluded and the service has not been provided according to the Terms and Conditions, or after the end of service provision, the data will be archived and will not be used for purposes other than those related to determining, pursuing or defending counterclaims.
Execution of contract with the Administrator
If you are an employee/co-worker/member of the board with which the contract has been concluded, your data such as first name, last name, contact details, position, order data shall be processed for the purpose of order realisation, as well as tax purposes and securing claims, while maintaining the rights set out in this Privacy Policy.
Business conversations with employees may be recorded in order to verify the correctness of information and the quality of services provided.
art. 6 section 1 b) c) and f) GDPR
For the period of service provision and until the limitation of mutual claims, except if the contract is not concluded and the service is not provided in accordance with the Regulations or after the service is completed, the data shall be archived and not used except for the purpose of investigating, defending or establishing mutual claims.
If your personal data is processed on the basis of the permission, you can withdraw it at any moment. You can withdraw the permission in the Data Administrator’s headquarters or by completing the appropriate form at
www.esky.com
(section: Contact). Withdrawing the permission does not impact the compliance with the law of the processing done until the permission is withdrawn. If the permission is withdrawn, the Data Administrator will determine if they still have the basis for data processing. In such a case, further data processing is possible for the purposes of defence against claims (e.g. through indicating that the right to withdraw the permission has been exercised) and only within the scope necessary for this purpose.
Please remember that each time personal data is processed, pursuant to Article 6 section 1 letter f) of the GDPR (see details above) or in the case of the so-called reasonable interest of the Data Administrator, you can make objection at any time - for reasons related to a specific situation - to the processing of personal data. After making the objection, the Data Administrator will not be able to process personal data any longer, unless they prove the existence of important, legally justified bases for data processing, superior to the interests, laws and freedoms of the person whose data is being processed, or bases for determining, pursuing or defending claims.
Most importantly, in cases of personal data processing, pursuant to Article 6 section 1 letter f) of the GDPR (see details above), for eSky marketing purposes, the objection does not have to be justified with a specific situation and the Data Administrator will not be able to process personal data, pursuant to Article 6 section 1 letter f) of the GDPR, after the objection is made, for eSky marketing purposes, within the scope the data were processed before.
You can withdraw the permission in the Data Administrator’s headquarters or by completing the appropriate form at
www.esky.com
(section: Contact).
Apart from the right to withdraw the permission and make objection, you have the right to access, copy, transfer, correct and remove the data and limit their processing, as well as the right to refuse to be subject to a decision that is based only on the automated processing, including profiling, and that has legal consequences or affects it significantly in any other way.
You can exercise the above laws in the Data Administrator’s headquarters or by completing the appropriate form at
www.esky.com
(section Contact).
You can also correct the data by accessing your account.
You can also delete your account at any time after logging in to the Your account, according to the Terms and Conditions or by submitting a request at the Data Administrator’s headquarters or by completing the appropriate form at
www.esky.com
(section: Contact).
We will collect personal data directly from you (through the account, during the transaction process etc.). The data may be gathered from other sources only for the purposes of operating the service. This refers to the information gathered from the entities that operate the service that you ordered (airlines, hotels etc.). The scope of the data covers only the information that is necessary to confirm the order payment.
Providing personal data is always voluntary, however it is necessary to fulfil the above purposes.
Personal data processed for the purposes of operating the service according to the Terms and Conditions are shared with the entities that provide a service selected by the User, including their subcontractors, e.g. airlines, hotels, insurance providers, payment intermediaries, GDS (Global Distribution System) etc. Regardless of the purpose of data processing, the only persons that can access your personal data will be the authorised employees and the Data Administrator’s subcontractors who signed the appropriate data transfer agreements with the Data Administrator (please contact the Personal Data Protection Inspector for more details).
PRIVACY POLICY - PRINCIPLES OF PROCESSING DATA BY OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS
Social networks.
This site uses plug-ins for social networks of the following suppliers:
Facebook, Instagram (operator: Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, United States) -
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
,
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875?helpref=PAGE_CONTENT
YouTube (YouTube LLC 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, United States) -
https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/2803240?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248
Twitter (operator: Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, United States) -
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, United States) -
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Pinterest (operator: Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, United States) -
https://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
These plug-ins usually collect data from the User by default and send them to the server of the respective provider, clicking the symbol will turn on the plug-in and means consent to the transfer of data to the appropriate provider. Legal basis for using plug-ins: art. 6.1. a) and f) of GDPR
Indicated plugins also collect personal data, such as the User's IP address, and send them to the server of the respective provider, where the data is saved. When the User visits the relevant website, the enabled plugin configures a cookie with a unique identifier. This allows the provider to generate user behavior profiles. If the User belongs to a social network of a given provider and during the visit to the website logs in to it, data and information about the visits to the site may be associated with the profile in the appropriate social network website. More information on the scope, specifics and purpose of data processing as well as rights and options for protection settings are available in the Service Provider Policies identified above.
In addition, the service provider may send messages to persons who agreed on that and/or when it is necessary to provide services by using the mailing tools provided by iPresso (Encja.com SA, Ceglana 4, 40-514 Katowice, Poland) on the terms set out in:
https://www.ipresso.com/privacy-policy
.
The Website may provide the User with the opportunity to register and log in via a Facebook account. If the User registers via Facebook, Facebook will ask for permission to share certain data from the User's account on Facebook. This data may include the name and e-mail address of the User to enable verification of the identity and sex of the User. They may also contain general information about the location of the User, a link to Facebook profile, time zone data, date of birth, profile photo, data about likes and a list of friends of the User.
These data will be collected by Facebook and sent in accordance with the rules set out in the
Facebook data regulations
. These data will be used to create, share and personalize the User's account. Legal basis: art. 6.1.a), b) and f) GDPR. The user can control the data that is transferred from Facebook using the Facebook privacy settings.
If the User registers via Facebook, the User's account will be automatically linked to his Facebook account.
In the case of logging in via social media, the following data will be used: name, surname, e-mail address, publicly available information - these data will be used to access / log in to the service (Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR). These data can be deleted by: deleting the account, using an alternative login method or direct contact with the DPO: e-mail: iod@esky.com.
Analysis of user's website behavior
Google Analytics
This website uses the Google Analytics service for analysis of websites offered by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. It enables assigning data from various devices to the User's identifier and allows analysis of actions taken by this User from the level of observed devices (also Firebase and Optimize services are in use).
Google will use this information at the request of the website operator to evaluate your use of the website so that can compile reports on website activity of users and provide other website and internet services to website operator. Data processing for these purposes also lies in the legitimate interest of the Website operator. Legal basis for using Google Analytics: art. 6.1.f) GDPR. More information about the terms and conditions of using this service and data protection can be found at
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/
and
https://policies.google.com/?hl=en
.
The user can prevent the saving of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in his browser. In this case, the User will not be able to take full advantage of all functions of the website. You may also prevent Google from collecting and processing data generated by cookies and data related to your use of the website (including its IP address) by downloading and installing the add-on available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
. To set a resignation cookie, please click
here
.
In the case of mobile devices, the functions described above are implemented by Firebase: on the terms set out in:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
.
Google Ads and conversion tracking
In order to propose the services most tailored to the expectations of the Users, the website uses the Google Ads display system and uses Google's conversion tracking functionality to personalize online ads based on interests and location. The IP anonymization option is controlled by Google Tag Manager using the internal setting. This setting is configured in such a way that the anonymisation required by law for privacy protection includes IP addresses. Ads are displayed based on search requests on sites that are part of the
Google Display Network
. The user can also choose the type of Google ads displayed to them, or disable Google ads based on interests by using the
ad settings page
. It can also disable third-party cookies by using the
opt-out tool
provided by the Network Advertising Initiative.
If you do not want to receive any personalized ads, you may opt out of the option to display these ads using the
Google ad settings page
For more information on how Google uses cookies, please see
Google's privacy policy
.
Hotjar
Data collected and stored on this site are used for purposes related to the optimization of its operation. This is done using technologies provided by Hotjar Ltd. (
https://www.hotjar.com
). These data may be used to generate profiles of Users using a pseudonym. Cookies can also be used for this purpose. Data collected using the Hotjar technology is not used to identify the identity of the User visiting this site and will not be combined with the personal data of the User using a pseudonym, unless he agrees to do so. The User may at any time withdraw the consent for Hotjar to collect User's data from sites that support this technology. To do this, go to
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
and click "Disable Hotjar" or turn on "Do not Track" in your browser .
Criteo
With the help of Criteo technology (provided by Criteo GmbH, Unterer Anger 3, 80331 Munich and/or in Criteo Group, Address: 32 Rue Blanche, 75009 Paris, France), information about User behavior related to browsing websites and online content of the Service Provider is collected for marketing purposes, as well as cookies are created on these sites and content (in the form only anonymized). This allows Criteo to analyze the User's behavior related to the websites viewed and display them at the time he visits other websites with targeted product recommendations in the form of an advertising banner. The data collected by Criteo will only be used to improve advertising content. The letter "i" (information) can be found on each banner displayed. If the user activates the mouse pointer with this letter and clicks it, a page will appear explaining the system and opt-out options. Clicking the "opt-out" option will result in setting a cookie with information about the cancellation, which will prevent the display of this banner in the future. These data will not be used in any other way or transferred to third parties. For more information about Criteo and the opportunity to object to anonymous analysis of User behavior related to site browsing, please visit
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
.
RTB House
Using RTB House technology (provided by RTB House SA, Złota 61/101, 00-819 Warsaw, Poland), information about the User's behavior related to browsing websites and online content is collected for marketing purposes. This allows RTB House to analyze the User's behavior related to the websites viewed and display product recommendations in the form of an advertising banner when visiting the website. Clicking the "opt-out" option will result in setting a cookie with information about the cancellation, which will prevent the display of this banner in the future. These data will not be used in any other way or transferred to third parties. For more information about RTB House and the possibility to object to anonymous analysis of User's behavior related to website browsing, please visit
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center/
.
Adara
Using Adara technology (provided by Adara, Inc. (“Adara”), a California corporation, with offices at 2625 Middlefield Road #827, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA,), information about the User's behavior related to browsing websites and online content is collected for marketing purposes. This allows to analyze the User's behavior related to the websites viewed and display product recommendations in the form of an advertising banner when visiting the websites. Clicking the "opt-out" option will result in setting a cookie with information about the cancellation, which will prevent the display of this banner in the future. These data could be used or transferred to third parties. For more information about and the possibility to object to anonymous analysis of User's behavior related to website browsing, please visit
https://adara.com/privacy-promise/
.
Amadeus
Amadeus technology (provided by Travel Audience GmbHa company, incorporated in Germany with VAT registration number DE 279 410 930, whose registered office is at Elsenstraße 106, 12435 Berlin) collects information about your browsing behaviour and online content for marketing purposes. This allows us to analyse your browsing behaviour and display product recommendations in the form of banner ads when you visit our sites. Clicking the 'opt-out' option will set an opt-out cookie that will prevent this banner from being displayed in the future. This information may be shared with third parties. For more information about anonymous analysis of your browsing behaviour and how to opt-out, please visit
https://www.amadeus-hospitality.com/ta-product-privacy-notice/
.
Payment Processing
In order to make payments by payment card, the data will be transferred to:
ADYEN BV
, Simon Carmiggeltstraat 6-50, 1011 Amsterdam, P.O. Box 10095, 1001 EB, AMSTERDAM, The Netherlands.
https://www.adyen.com/policies-and-disclaimer/privacy-policy
Or
CHECKOUT LTD
, with office address at 54 Portland Place, London W1B 1DY, United Kingdom, authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) as an electronic money institution under number 900816;
And
CHECKOUT TECHNOLOGY LTD
, with its registered office address at Trident chambers, PO Box 146, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
The indicated entities will use the data to perform the transaction concluded via our website to Enabling of transactions to be routed to one or several acquiring payment networks e.g:
Technical reception of the information regarding the status of transactions,
Information reporting including information related to transactions, service fees, chargebacks, sefunds, disputes, etc.,
Tokenisation Service,
Fraud verification and risk management,
Technical integration support.
The transfer of data related to transactions and cards is necessary in order to provide services paid for by a payment card.
External transaction service and Contact Centre
In the case of the necessity of conducting conversations in languages other than those available at the time necessary for efficient transaction service (such as in particular: EN) it is possible to redirect the call to an external Contact Centre service provider, i.e.:
IGT Solutions Private Limited
a company incorporated under the laws of India having its principal place of business at Unit No. 1,Ground Floor, A Wing, Business @ Mantri Survey No. 197/2+4 to 7B, LohegaonNagar Road, Pune, Maharashtra – 411014, India. The Contact Centre Operator processes data outside the EEA, i.e. in India. Both the processing and the transfer of data are carried out in compliance with the security rules, i.e. after signing the entrustment agreement with model contractual clauses and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Operator;s Policy available at: https://www.igtsolutions.com/policies/. The provision of data is voluntary, but necessary for the performance of the contract.
Service satisfaction survey
In the event that the User agrees to evaluate the quality of the service, they may be redirected to an external survey tool. The tool analyses the information provided by the User in order to improve the quality of the service. The transfer of data is voluntary and is executed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Policy of the service provider, available at https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy/. The previously mentioned tool records only the IP address. No personal or contact information of the User is saved.
Partners
Depending on your package choice, you may need to interact with the Ryanair website in order to finalise your booking. Where this is the case, your eSky cookie preferences will be applied to any Ryanair websites accessed as part of your booking journey. Data collected by the Ryanair websites via these cookies will be used by Ryanair only and will not be shared with eSky. If you have already customised your Ryanair website cookie preferences, please be aware that these preferences will not be shared with us and therefore will not apply when accessing these domains through eSky. For more information on Ryanair’s Cookie and Privacy Policy please see
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
Learn more about Privacy Policy (also with reference to personal data - GDPR) -
here
.
Accept
2024-09-10
2024-06-20
2024-01-16
2023-04-01
2022-10-14
2021-08-10
2021-02-12
2020-12-17
2020-07-16
2020-03-17
2019-10-25
2019-08-20
2019-08-08
2019-02-19
2018-05-25
Welcome to Your account!
Log in and manage your bookings.
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with e-mail