PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION
NAKDCOM ONE WORLD AB is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect and how we use and protect your personal information.
The below Privacy Policy (together with our
Terms and Conditions
, any other documents referred to in it and our Cookie Policy) outlines how we may collect, use, store and process your personal information.
We truly hope that you will take time to read it through as we have no other goal but to maintaining your privacy. Please remember that you can manage your information and protect your privacy anytime by, for instance, viewing and editing your information in your account or controlling what kind of cookies are used when you visit our website.
A LITTLE REMINDER ABOUT NA-KD
This Privacy Policy is for the website https://www.na-kd.com, all its sub-domains and its official app (hereinafter, the “Website”), and is served by the controller of the data, NAKDCOM ONEWORLD AB, a company organized under the laws of Sweden, with registration number 556971-2002 and its registered address at Väverigatan 14, 415 11 - Göteborg, Sweden.
PRINCIPLES
This Policy is based on the following principles:
Personal data shall be processed lawfully, fairly and transparently;
Personal data shall only be collected for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes;
Personal data shall be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for processing;
Personal data shall be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date with every effort to erase or rectify without delay;
Personal data shall be kept in a form such that the data subject can be identified only as long as is necessary for processing;
Personal data shall be processed in a manner that ensures the appropriate security;
Personal data shall not be shared with third parties except when necessary in order for them to provide services upon agreement;
Data subjects must easily exercise their rights.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION ARE COLLECTED?
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact you.
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
If we do collect personal data, we will nevertheless never collect sensitive personal data about you. The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) defines sensitive personal data as “
categories of personal data related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.”
When you use the Website and/or purchase from us, we may gather various information. In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we receive and use are appropriate for the below purposes.
A. WHEN YOU SET UP AN ACCOUNT
We may collect and process the following information:
Email address, Full name, Phone number, Billing address, Shipping address, Visited and Liked products, Order history, Login Facebook information you link to your NA-KD account
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So you can create your account
So you can pre-register information that will be asked at the checkout
So you can manage your account, facilitate purchasing process
So you can check out your orders history
So you can quickly log into na-kd.com and not registered any account
To provide you with product you might like
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing for your account is based on our legitimate interests* so we can give you access, for instance, to your order history, list of liked products, or ease-up your purchases at the checkout.
B. WHEN YOU MAKE A PURCHASE
We may collect and process the following information:
Email address, Full name, Phone number, Billing address, Shipping address, Payment information details**
** When purchasing, rest assure that your payments are secure. NA-KD does not collect your payment data but only payment identifiers. All of your bank details are collected only by our payment service providers that are all certified for their security standards.
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So you can purchase and receive your order
So we can prevent and detect fraud
So you can receive updates about your order via e-mail, sms or our app
So we can send you NPS surveys and contact you to know what you think about our services
So we can notify you about changes to our services
So you can receive your refund, and we can manage the whole return process
So we, after thorough investigations, deem it necessary to stop a customer from returning clothes or stop engaging with NA-KD, in line with section Fair Use Policy in our Terms and conditions.
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing of your personal data is necessary for the contract between you and NA-KD (to fulfill and deliver your purchases), for compliance with our legal obligations and our legitimate interests*
C. WHEN YOU INTERACT WITH OUR WEBSITE AND/OR APP
We may collect and process the following information:
Contact information, purchase history, information gathered when you visit our website
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So you can sign up to our newsletters and receive information, news and offers about our products
So we can inform you and remind you of any task which remains uncompleted (incomplete orders, abandoned baskets)
So we can inform you when a product is back in stock
So we can provide, update, maintain, improve and protect our website, business and services
So we can deliver relevant website content and online advertisements.
So to prevent misuse, crime and fraud
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing of your personal data is based on your consent (read our cookie policy for more information) or based on our legitimate interests*
D. WHEN YOU CONTACT US
We may collect and process the following information:
Name, Email address, Telephone number, Correspondence history, order information, shipping address, payment information, ID documentation
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So you contact us and our customer service and communicate with us
So we can manage, administrate all your queries
So, when necessary, we can verify your identity when you request further information based on your rights
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing of your personal data is necessary for the contract between you and us, and for compliance with legal obligations.
E. WHEN YOU ENTER OUR COMPETITIONS
We may collect and process the following information:
Contact details such as email address, full name, telephone number, shipping address, your written replies and information submitted in the contest
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So we can smoothly and perfectly manage the competitions (contact contestants, identify contestants, deliver prize deliveries)
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing of personal data is based on our legitimate interests* of holding competitions for our customers.
F.
#
YesNAKD - NAKDFASHION & BENAKD
We may collect and process the following information:
Instagram account name, photo and video
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So to upload above information you submit to us on some of our platforms (ie product pages)
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest*.
G. WHEN YOU POST COMMENTS ABOUT US, TAG US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
We may collect and process the following information:
Social media name, public photo and video, your comments (the processing is only made with individuals whom NA-KD have a contractual relationship with, for example influencers or models).
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So to monitor our customer views and opinions
So to answer your comments
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing of your personal data is based on our contractual agreement that we have entered.
H. WHEN YOU APPLY FOR A JOB AT NA-KD
We may collect and process the following information:
Name, email, telephone number, information in the CV and personal letter.
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So to be able to include you in a recruitment process
So to be able to offer you a job at NA-KD
So we can contact you in the future for other positions.
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing of your personal data is based on contract – in order to go in to an employment contract with you, we need to process the data. All other contact is based on consent.
I. WHEN YOU ARE A SUPPLIER TO NA-KD
We may collect and process the following information:
Name, email, telephone number.
We use the above information from the following purposes:
So to be able to have a contact person at our supplier to engage in our business relationship.
So to be able to contact you in order to fulfill the contact between us.
The legal grounds to process your personal data are:
The processing of your personal data is based on contract, as to uphold our business relationship.
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
If you are interested in our newsletters or want to get notifications on our new collaborations, you can subscribe to this by entering your email address. You can of course decide to unsubscribe from this at any time.
How do you unsubscribe from marketing communications?
SMS
By following instructions given at the end of the SMS message
By contacting our
Customer Care Service
NEWSLETTER
By clicking on the unsubscribe link at the end of the email
By contacting our
Customer Care Service
*When we rely on the ‘legitimate interests’ condition, NA-KD will always meet the following requirements:
We must process the information for the purposes of our legitimate interests or for those of a third party to whom we disclose it;
The above interests must be balances against your interests. The “legitimate interests” condition will not be met if the processing is unwarranted because of its prejudicial effect on your rights and freedoms, or legitimate interests. NA-KD’s legitimate interests do not need to be in harmony with those of the individual for the condition to be met. However, where there is a serious mismatch between competing interests, your legitimate interests will always come first.
When we use legitimate interest as a legal ground, we always make sure to document our reasoning and update these accordingly.
COOKIES
We use cookies when you visit our website. To read more about our use of cookies, please read our
Cookie Policy
.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We will never sell your personal data to any third party.
However, we may share your personal information with companies who are experts in their field and assist us in operating the website, conducting our business or servicing you.
Do not worry though! Each of our service providers have been selected by us for their ability to provide the particular services needed, including their ability to handle your personal information. All those providers provide sufficient guarantees to implement the technical and organizational measures necessary to meet the requirements of the GDPR and our own.
We share your personal information in the following cases:
To any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries;
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, data may be disclosed to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our
Terms and Conditions
and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of NA-KD, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
If we are processing it on behalf of a customer;
To companies for the performance of any contract we enter into with you or them and that help us provide our services adequately such as, payment service providers, delivery companies or our warehouse.
To other professional services companies such website hosts, advertising/marketing agencies and analytics or search engine providers helping us run, improve and optimize the Website or helping us store your data.
With your express consent.
TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
Where a third-party provider is located outside the European Economic Area, we will always ensure that the transfer of personal data will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission where the data protection authority does not believe that the third country has adequate data protection laws. In other circumstances, we follow the latest practice of securely transferring data outside EEA, which can consist of, but not exhaustive to, SCC and further documentation and current practice in the area. The situation regarding transfers outside of EEA is closely monitored by NA-KD and we will always strive to use appropriate contractual and technical measures to secure the integrity of your personal data.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, your rights are as follows:
YOUR RIGHTS
HOW WE UPHOLD YOURS RIGHTS
Right to be informed
Our goal is to be as clear as possible about how we use and process your data. You will be able to easily find this Privacy Notice on various locations on our website and app. You can request a pdf. copy of this Notice by
contacting us
.
Right to access
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold on you. Please note that there are exceptions to this right. We may be unable to make all information available to you if, for example, making the information available to you would reveal personal data about another person, if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information, or if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
Right to rectification
You have the right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. You will be able to rectify/edit the information we hold about you in your Account settings.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
In certain circumstance (i.e if we do not have a legal reason to continue to store your data), you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing
Under certain conditions, you have the right to restrict the processing of your data.
Right to portability
You have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation in a safe and secure way.
This right only applies to personal data that NA-KD holds and must be held by NA-KD by consent or for the performance of a contract, and processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to object
You have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing. You can unsubscribe from our newsletters at any time, by for instance, clicking on the unsubscribe link at the end of our newsletters.
Right to withdraw consent
If you have given NA-KD your consent to process your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to complain to a Supervisory Authority
In the event that NA-KD has not correctly responded to your request, you have the right to lodge a complaint to a Supervisory Authority. NA-KD’s Supervisory Authority is The Swedish Data Protection Authority (DPA). You will find their contact information here:
https://www.imy.se/en/about-us/contact-us/
We will handle your request promptly and will get back to you as soon as we can, at the latest you will get a response after a month. If you want to exercise one of the above rights, please contact us either via
our form
or using the contact details provided below in the paragraph "How to contact us".
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We will hold your personal data for as long as you have an account and for as long as is necessary to comply with our legal/ regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse or enforce our terms and conditions.
When we no longer need to retain your personal data, it will be deleted or be anonymised so that you can no longer be identified from it.
We securely destroy all financial information once we have used it and no longer need it.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURED?
NA-KD will use all reasonable efforts to protect your personal information. We are using the latest industry standards and security measures such SSL/TLS encryption for protection of user data and personal information.
Our goal is to have all appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing and using personal data. We have safeguard processes in place in order to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our or third parties processing systems and services as well as the ability to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident.
Your data is always stored in secure environments and we provide training to our Staff on data protection best practices and require them to enter into a confidentiality agreement.
You can access and edit personal information after signing into your account. To sign in, you are required to know your login credentials - email address and password. There is no way to access personal information without knowing the login credentials, therefore no unauthorized party can access it. We therefore ask you to keep your password secret and to not share it with any person (even a friend!). Please, immediately inform us if you know or suspect to have lost your login or that someone else is accessing your account.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES OR SOCIAL MEDIA
Our site or newsletters may on occasion contain links to and from other websites of our partners, advertisers and affiliates. Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to this website. If you visit any of these websites, we therefore suggest you read their own privacy policy as we do not accept any responsibility or liabilities for these policies.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and/or have any enquiry relating to your Personal Data, please contact us online via
this form
, or send us a letter to Data Privacy, NAKDCOM One World AB, Väverigatan 14, 415 11 - Göteborg, Sweden.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review. We will post any updates on this webpage. If significant changes are made, we will directly contact you by email so you can review the changes. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice.
The Privacy Policy was last updated June 2nd, 2022.
Cookie Settings