Privacy Policy of mobile apps by Smart Fox (Google Play) / Oksana Vengrovska (App Store)
Effective Date October 21, 2020.
This is the Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) of Smart Fox (“Smart Fox”, “We”, “us” or “Our”). The Policy applies to all Smart Fox mobile applications (“Product”), websites, and services (“Service”).
Users of our software Product and services are anonymous to us, and we have no feasible ways to identify you.
Types of Data Collected
We do not collect any type of data about our users within our Product.
If you contact us, we may collect and process the information that you freely provide to us. This information includes the content of your e-mails, messages, and comments, responses to messages that we send to you, your interactions with us on social media, and third-party platforms. The collected information may include your e-mail addresses, user names, or other personal information if you decided to provide it when you contacted us.
How We Use Collected Information
We use the information we collect about you to provide customer service support, get user feedback, and improve our Product based on the information we receive.
We may also use your information for user and market research, analysis, business planning, tracking potential problems or trends with our applications, testing out new application features, and content.
Tracking & Cookies Data
Smart Fox does not use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity in our Product.
Third-Party Advertisers
We show third-party advertisements in our applications. We use advertising to fund our Services and to make our Product available for free. Our advertising partners may collect information about you when you use our applications and use this information for targeted advertising.
We are currently showing ads in our Product through AdMob. AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.) is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc. To understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data collected: cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing: US.
Children’s Privacy
Smart Fox Services are not meant for people under 16 (or the minimum age required by the laws of the EU member states). We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. We do not collect information from children and we do not target Smart Fox Service to children.
The Rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by us.
In particular, users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing, and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, we will not process your Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to us through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by us as early as possible and always within one month.
Update of Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise or modify this Policy. Please do completely read and fully understand the Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this Product, you will be deemed to have accepted Policy. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent.
Contacts
We are very open about privacy and recognize your trust as a great value. If you have any questions about this statement or any privacy issues in our Products or services, feel free to contact us through email smartfoxapp@gmail.com.