The Seapoint Clinic will never sell, share or give out your personal information to anyone else. We will only use your information for appointment reminders, check-up reminders and healthcare information that we feel is relevant to you. You can opt out at any time and your data is secure with us.
All information that we gather about you including personal information such as your name, email, and date of birth, as well as medical notes, X-rays, financial information etc is stored using our Cloud-based specialist healthcare software provider called Aerona
https://aeronaclinic.
com
.
They are based in Ireland and provide dental software in Ireland and the UK. Our patient data is confidential in nature and Aerona processes the Personal Data and/or Sensitive Personal Data (on behalf of Seapoint) exclusively for the provision of the Services but for no other purposes whatsoever. Further details on how Aerona manage the data can be found in their terms & conditions
here
.
As we do not keep any paper or physical records at the practice anymore, choosing our clinic means accepting that your medical file and information will be collected and stored with Aerona as our technology provider.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Your personal data is held with our technology provider and manual files shall not be processed for any other purpose than those set out in this Privacy Policy. The Seapoint Clinic information is accessible to authorised staff only - meaning your information is secure, encrypted and managed by a professional IT team. Privacy and respect for your personal data is central to our clinic.
Small pieces of information known as cookies will be installed on your computer to collect statistical information including navigation paths, number of visits, returning customers and hits per page. The only personal information that a cookie can contain is information that you provide yourself. They cannot read data off your hard disk. We use these cookies to help us determine the usefulness of the information that we provide and to see how user-friendly our website is. Seapoint Clinic does not share the information that it gathers from cookies with other non-Seapoint Clinic entities or sell it to third parties. If you prefer not to receive cookies from our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You are required to have cookies turned on to enable you to use the My Alerts section of the Seapoint Clinic Websites.
You have the right to access, correct, update, or delete your data by accessing the appropriate link to your profile or by submitting a request to info@seapointclinic.ie.
We will only hold your personal information for the duration necessary to allow us to provide the services that you have requested or for any additional period as required by law.
This Privacy Policy may be amended by Seapoint Clinic from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes affecting our use of our personal data.
Book An Appointment
Our dedicated team are waiting to hear from you today.
Book Now
Dental Implants Guide
Our expert team of dentists have compiled a Dental Implants book, which can help guide you through the dental implant process and answer any questions you may have. Exclusive to Seapoint Clinic and normally retailing at €30, you can receive your copy FREE by entering your details below.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Hide