Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
We have created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by
MASH Entertainment
. When you use our Mobile Game or Applications.
If you download/play our games you agree to let MASH Entertainment collect, use and disclose information about you following the purposes listed below. We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time, so be sure to check it periodically.
Kids:
–Remember to be smart and safe online! Never give someone your information without first asking your parent/guardian if it is OK. Don’t give anyone your photo, or tell anyone your name, email, home address, telephone, school or any other information about you that they could use to contact you online or in the real world.
Parents:
–We are committed to the safety and privacy of the children who use our games. We encourage parents/guardians to actively monitor their children’s online activities.
Personal information
Information You Provide to Us
The App does not allow you to submit any information directly to us. If you submit any information to MASH Entertainment through our website or other sites or services, please refer to the following information about how we collect, use and disclose such information:
Information you provide to MASH Entertainment via our website
https://mashentertainmentpvt.blogspot.com/
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you participate in a
·
Request customer support, and/or
·
Send us an e-mail or otherwise interact with us
Information about your use of the website, including the browser type you use, access times, pages viewed at our website and the page you visited before navigating to
https://mashentertainmentpvt.blogspot.com/
.
We immediately delete customer support requests (message and e-mail address) from our mail servers after we solve/answer the customer request.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our services and your experience and see which areas and features of our services are popular. We may also collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Information We Collect Automatically through the App
When you access or use the App, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information:
–We log information about your use of the App, including the type of device you use, the features you use, access times, and your IP address.
Device Information:
–We collect information about the device you use to access the App, including information about the device’s software and hardware, unique device identifiers, push or other device tokens, mobile network information and time zone.
Usage Information:
–We collect information relating to your use of the App at an aggregated level only.
Consumption information:
–We collect information about your consumption habits relating to your use of the App, including which purchases you make with both virtual and real currencies.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the App. For example, if you log into the App using a third-party site or platform such as Facebook, we may access information about you from that site or platform, such as your screen name, profile information and friend lists, following the authorization procedures determined by such third party site or platform. We may also collect information from app stores when you download or update one of our applications.
If you log into the App using a third-party site or platform, you represent and warrant that your access and use of such features in connection with the App will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve the App
Develop new apps, sites and services
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages
Provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you
Personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
By accepting our Privacy Policy or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to other countries.
Children's Privacy
If you permit your child to use one of our Services that is not labeled a Child Safe App, you should disable in-app purchases on your phone and actively monitor your child’s use. You should also familiarise yourself with this privacy policy, as by permitting your child to use our Services you consent to this privacy policy on their behalf. If you don’t agree, please do not permit your child to use our Services.
We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13 without the permission of their parents/guardians. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental/guardian consent or delete the information.
Third-Party Services
When you use our Services, you might also use third-party services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google Play Services and Game Center. We do not control how they interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third-party services before providing them with your information. You acknowledge that we are not liable when third-party services use information you provide to them.
We encourage you to be careful about the protection of your own personal information when using third-party services such as social media platforms.
We also work with certain business partners, such as other game developers and advertising partners, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
Analytic Data from Firebase or Google Analytics that has been stored will be deleted after 90 days to only use data for a minimum of time.
Below is a list of some of our business partners, but not all, with whom we actively share user information and site usage data:
Admob/Adsense:
–Located in the United States–
Read their Privacy Policy;
AppLovin:
–Located in the United States–
Read their Privacy Policy;
Facebook:
–Located in the United States–
Read their Privacy Policy;
Firebase:
–Located in the United States–
Read their Privacy Policy;
Google Analytics:
–Located in the United States–
Read their Privacy Policy;
Iron source:
–Located in Israel–
Read their Privacy Policy;
UnityAds:
–Headquartered in the United States with offices throughout the Americas, Asia and Europe–
Read their Privacy Policy;
Vungle:
–Located in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany and China–
Read their Privacy Policy;
In-app Purchase
Some of our games offer in-app purchases. Examples of in-app purchases are items you can purchase (for real or in-game currency) or other additional features. If you don’t want to make in-app purchases, don’t use these paid-for options and consider disabling in-app purchases on your device.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is by any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of MASH Entertainment or others
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company
If you log into the App using a third-party service, such as Facebook, Google Play Services or Apple Game Center, we may share information provided by those services with other players for certain in-app features, such as achievements and leaderboards.
Social Sharing Features
The App may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take in the App with other media, and vice versa. You must be at least 13 years of age to use any social sharing features integrated into the App. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow third parties to serve contextual advertisements and provide analytics services in connection with the App. These entities may use various identifiers to collect information about your use of the App, including your IP address, MAC address, device identifiers, software and hardware information, time zone and usage information. This information may be used by nerByte to determine the popularity of certain content, deliver contextual advertising and content and better understand your activity on the App.
Third-party ad serving and analytics technologies are integrated into the App, so if you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access the App.
Security
MASH Entertainment takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Storage of Information
MASH Entertainment will store your information for as long as necessary to provide you with the App.
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/adsense/new/localized-terms:
AdSense Help Center
AdSense Help Center
Sub-policy 1
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/legal/FB_Work_Privacy:
Facebook
Log In
Log In
Forgot Account?
Workplace Privacy Policy
Workplace from Meta is an online platform created by Meta that allows users to collaborate and share information at work. The Workplace platform includes the Workplace websites, apps and related online services, together the
"Service".
This Privacy Policy describes how your information is collected, used and shared when you use the Service.
The Service is intended for use by organisations and in accordance with their instructions and is provided to you by your employer or other organisation that has authorised your access to, and use of, the Service (your “Organisation”).
The Service is separate from other Meta services that you may use. Those other Meta services are provided to you by Meta and are governed by their own terms. However, the Service is provided by your Organisation and is governed by this Privacy Policy and the
Workplace Acceptable Use Policy
and
Workplace Cookies Policy
.
Your Organisation is responsible for and administers your Workplace account ("Your Account"). Your Organisation is also responsible for the collection and use of any data that you submit or provide through the Service and such use is governed by the terms your Organisation has in place with Meta.
In addition to this Privacy Policy, your Organisation may have additional policies or codes of conduct which will apply in relation to your use of the Service.
If you have any questions about your use of the Service, please contact your Organisation.
I. What kinds of information is collected?
Your Organisation will collect the following kinds of information when you, your colleagues or other users access the Service:
your contact information, such as full name and email address;
your username and password;
your work title, department information and other information related to your work or Organisation;
the content, communications and other information you provide when you use the Service, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide (such as metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created;
content, communications and information that other people provide when they use the Service. This can include information about you, such as when they share or comment on a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information;
all communications with other users of the Service;
user communications, feedback, suggestions and ideas sent to your Organisation;
billing information; and
information that you provide when you or your Organisation contact or engage platform support regarding the Service.
II. How does your Organisation use this information?
Your Organisation will share the information that it collects with Meta, as provider of the platform, in order to allow Meta to provide and support the Service for your Organisation and other users and in accordance with any other instructions from your Organisation. Examples of such use include:
communicating with users and administrators regarding their use of the Service;
enhancing the security and safety of the Service for your Organisation and other users, such as by investigating suspicious activity or violations of applicable terms or policies;
personalising your and your Organisation's experiences as part of our provision of the Service;
developing new tools, products or services within the Service for your Organisation;
associating activity on the Service across different devices operated by the same individual to improve the overall operation of the Service;
to identify and fix bugs that may be present; and
conducting data and system analytics, including research to improve the Service.
III. Disclosure of information
Your Organisation discloses the information collected in the following ways:
to third-party service providers that assist in providing the Service or part of the Service;
to third-party apps, websites or other services that you can connect to through the Service;
in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the transfer of the Service, a merger, consolidation, asset sale or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy or insolvency;
to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; and
in connection with a subpoena, warrant, discovery order or other request or order from a law enforcement agency.
IV. Accessing and modifying your information
You and your Organisation may access, correct or delete information that you have uploaded to the Service using the tools within the Service (for example, editing your profile information or via the Activity Log). If you are not able to do so using the tools provided in the Service, you should contact your Organisation directly to access or modify your information.
V. EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
Meta Platforms, Inc. has certified its participation in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.  We rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the European Commission’s related adequacy decision, for transfers of information to Meta Platforms, Inc. in the U.S. for the products and services specified in that certification. For more information, please review Meta Platforms, Inc.’s Data Privacy Framework Disclosure.
VI. Third-party links and content
The Service may contain links to content maintained by third parties that your Organisation does not control. You should review the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
VII. Account Closure
If you would like to stop using the Service, you should contact your Organisation. Similarly, if you stop working for or with the Organisation, the Organisation may suspend Your Account and/or delete any information associated with Your Account.
It typically takes about 90 days to delete an account after account closure, but some information may remain in backup copies for a reasonable period of time. Please note that content you create and share on the Service is owned by your Organisation and may remain on the Service and be accessible even if your Organisation deactivates or terminates Your Account. In this way, content that you provide on the Service is similar to other types of content (such as presentations or memos) that you may generate in the course of your work.
VIII. Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. When updated the “last updated" date below will be amended and the new Privacy Policy will be posted online.
IX. Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or
Workplace Acceptable Use Policy
, please contact your Organisation via your Organisation's Admin.
For California residents, you can learn more about your consumer privacy rights by contacting your Organisation via your Organisation's Admin.
Effective October 10, 2023
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Sign Up
Log In
Messenger
Facebook Lite
Video
Meta Pay
Meta Store
Meta Quest
Ray-Ban Meta
Meta AI
Instagram
Threads
Voting Information Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy Center
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://firebase.google.com/terms/:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.
js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
Terms last modified: February 18, 2025
If you signed an offline variant of the Google Cloud Master
  Agreement for use of specified Firebase services under the same
  Google Cloud Platform Account, the terms below do not apply to your use of
  such Firebase services, and your offline terms govern your use of such
  Firebase services.
I agree that my use of any Firebase service is subject to the applicable
  terms below.
Firebase Services
Terms of Service
Firebase Realtime Database
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Paid Services Agreement
Google APIs Terms of Service
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Cloud Firestore
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Hosting
(Preview)
3
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Data Connect
(Preview)
3
Firebase Test Lab
Gemini in
Firebase
(included with
Gemini Code Assist
)
4
Vertex AI in Firebase
4
Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service
1
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase A/B Testing
(Beta)
Firebase ML
(Beta)
2
Firebase In-App Messaging
(Beta)
Firebase User Segmentation Storage
Google APIs Terms of Service
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase App Indexing
Google APIs Terms of Service
Firebase App Indexing
User Data Policy
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase Crashlytics
&
Firebase App Distribution
Terms of Service
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Gemini in
Firebase
(no-cost)
Google Terms of Service
Generative AI Prohibited Use policy
1
Unless a Data Location Selection is offered by Google and made by
Customer as defined in the Google Cloud Terms of Service, Google may process
and store Customer Data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities,
including
Google Cloud Platform locations
and
Google data centers
.
Firebase services subject to the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service are
"Services" and/or "Software" as defined in that agreement, and as such are
subject to the
Google Cloud Platform Service Specific Terms
that are part of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service.
2
Some functions of
Firebase ML
(Beta)
interoperate with Google services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service
,
including the
Google Cloud
Service Specific Terms
(Google Cloud Platform Machine Learning Group).
3
This product is subject to the Pre-GA Offerings Terms, as stated in
the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service.
4
This product is a Generative AI service, and use of the service is
subject to the Generative AI Services terms in
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 4
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Analytics Terms of Service
These Google Analytics Terms of Service (this
"Agreement"
) are entered into by
                Google LLC (
"Google"
) and the
                entity executing this Agreement
                (
"You"
). This Agreement governs
                Your use of the standard Google Analytics (the
"Service"
). BY CLICKING THE "I
                ACCEPT" BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION
                PROCESS, OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
                YOU HAVE REVIEWED AND ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE
                AUTHORIZED TO ACT ON BEHALF OF, AND BIND TO THIS
                AGREEMENT, THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT.
Our Service is a business tool. You must
                only use our Service exclusively for purposes
                relating to your trade, business, craft or
                profession.
In consideration of the parties’ respective rights
                and obligations that are described in this
                Agreement, the parties agree as follows:
1. Definitions.
"Account"
refers to the account
                for the Service and UA Properties and GA4
                Properties. For UA Properties, all Views (as
                applicable) associated with a single UA Property
                will have their Hits aggregated before determining
                the charge for the Service for that UA Property.
"Confidential Information"
includes any proprietary data and any other
                information disclosed by one party to the other in
                writing and marked "confidential" or disclosed
                orally and, within five business days, reduced to
                writing and marked "confidential". However,
                Confidential Information will not include any
                information that is or becomes known to the general
                public, which is already in the receiving party's
                possession prior to disclosure by a party or which
                is independently developed by the receiving party
                without the use of Confidential Information.
"Customer Data"
or "Google
                Analytics Data" means the data that you collect,
                process or store using the Service concerning the
                characteristics and activities of Users.
"Documentation"
means any
                accompanying documentation made available to You by
                Google for use with the Processing Software,
                including any documentation available online.
"Event"
means a base unit of
                measurement that is processed in the Service
                through a GA4 Property, which may include but is
                not limited to a page view, transaction, screen
                view or other interactions. An Event can be a call
                to the Service from various libraries or otherwise
                delivered to the Service by OSCIs.
“GA Property”
means a UA Property
                or GA4 Property, as applicable.
“GA4 Property”
(formerly known as
                an ‘App + Web’ property) means the compilation of
                Google Analytics settings and information
                associated with the same ‘Property ID’ to which
                Events are sent.
"GAMC"
means the Google Analytics
                Measurement Code, which is installed on a Property
                for the purpose of collecting Customer Data,
                together with any fixes, updates and upgrades
                provided to You.
“Google Affiliates”
means Google
                and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
"Hit"
means a base unit of
                measurement that is sent to the Service for
                processing through a UA Property. Examples of Hits
                may include page view hits and ecommerce hits. A
                Hit can be a call to the Service by various
                libraries or otherwise delivered to the Service by
                OSCIs.
“OSCI”
means an
                “
Officially Supported Client
                Interface
”, which is a mechanism or
                protocol made available by or supported by Google
                that can be used to send Hits or Events, as
                applicable, to the Service.
"Platform Home"
means the user
                interface through which You can access certain
                Google Marketing Platform-level functionality.
"Processing Software"
means the
                Google Analytics server-side software and any
                upgrades, which analyzes the Customer Data and
                generates the Reports.
"Property"
means any web page,
                application, other property or resource under Your
                control that sends data to Google Analytics.
"Privacy Policy"
means the privacy
                policy on a Property.
"Report"
means the resulting
                analysis shown at
analytics.google.com
, some of which
                may include analysis for a View or Events.
“SDKs”
mean certain software
                development kits, which may be used or incorporated
                into a Property app for the purpose of collecting
                Customer Data, together with any fixes, updates,
                and upgrades provided to You.
"Servers"
means the servers
                controlled by a Google Affiliate on which the
                Processing Software and Customer Data are stored.
"Software"
means the Processing
                Software, GAMC and/or SDKs.
"Third Party"
means any third
                party (i) to which You provide access to Your
                Account or (ii) for which You use the Service to
                collect information on the third party's behalf.
“UA Property”
means a
                “
Universal Analytics Property
”,
                which is the compilation of Google Analytics
                settings and information associated with the same
                ‘Property ID’ to which Hits are sent.
"Users"
means users and/or
                visitors to Your Properties.
"View"
means the collection of
                settings that together determine the information to
                be included in, or excluded from, Reports for UA
                Properties. For example, a View could be
                established to view a small portion of a web site
                as a unique Report.
The words
"include"
and
"including"
mean "including but
                not limited to”.
2. Fees and Service.
Subject to Section 15, the Service is provided
                without charge to You for (a) GA4 Properties and
                (b) UA Properties for up to 10 million Hits per UA
                Property per month. Google may change its fees and
                payment policies for the Service from time to time
                including the addition of costs for geographic
                data, the importing of cost data from search
                engines, or other fees charged to Google or another
                Google Affiliate by third party vendors for the
                inclusion of data in the Service reports. The
                changes to the fees or payment policies are
                effective upon Your acceptance of those changes
                which will be posted at
www.google.com/analytics/
. Unless
                otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in U.S.
                Dollars. Any outstanding balance becomes
                immediately due and payable upon termination of
                this Agreement and any collection expenses
                (including legal fees) incurred by Google will be
                included in the amount owed, and may be charged to
                the credit card or other billing mechanism
                associated with Your Google Ads account.
3. Member Account, Password, and Security.
To register for the Service, You must complete the
                registration process by providing Google with
                current, complete and accurate information as
                prompted by the registration form, including Your
                e-mail address (username) and password. You will
                protect Your passwords and take full responsibility
                for Your own, and third party, use of Your
                accounts. You are solely responsible for any and
                all activities that occur under Your Account (save
                for activities carried out by, or on behalf of,
                Google Affiliates). You will notify Google
                immediately upon learning of any unauthorized use
                of Your Account or any other breach of security.
                Google Affiliates’ support staff may, from time to
                time, log in to the Service under Your customer
                password in order to maintain the service,
                including to provide You assistance with technical
                or billing issues.
4. Nonexclusive License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this
                Agreement, (a) Google grants You a limited,
                revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license
                to install, copy and use the GAMC and/or SDKs
                solely as necessary for You to use the Service on
                Your Properties or Third Party Properties; and (b)
                You may remotely access, view and download Your
                Reports stored at www.google.com/analytics/. You
                will not (and You will not allow any third party
                to) (i) copy, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise
                create derivative works of the Software or the
                Documentation; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile,
                disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the
                source code of the Software, except as expressly
                permitted by the law in effect in the jurisdiction
                in which You are located; (iii) rent, lease, sell,
                assign or otherwise transfer rights in or to the
                Software, the Documentation or the Service; (iv)
                remove any proprietary notices or labels on the
                Software or placed by the Service; (v) use, post,
                transmit or introduce any device, software or
                routine which interferes or attempts to interfere
                with the operation of the Service or the Software;
                or (vi) use data labeled as belonging to a third
                party in the Service for purposes other than
                generating, viewing, and downloading Reports. You
                will comply with all applicable laws and
                regulations in Your use of and access to the
                Documentation, Software, Service and Reports.
5. Confidentiality and Beta Features.
Neither party will use or disclose the other
                party's Confidential Information without the
                other's prior written consent except for the
                purpose of performing its obligations under this
                Agreement or if required by law, regulation or
                court order; in which case, the party being
                compelled to disclose Confidential Information will
                give the other party as much notice as is
                reasonably practicable prior to disclosing the
                Confidential Information. Certain Service features
                are identified as "Alpha," "Beta," "Experiment,"
                (either within the Service or elsewhere by Google)
                or as otherwise unsupported or confidential
                (collectively, "Beta Features"). You may not
                disclose any information from Beta Features or the
                terms or existence of any non-public Beta Features.
                Google and the Google Affiliates will have no
                liability (including any indemnification
                obligations) arising out of or related to any Beta
                Features. Any use of Beta Features will be solely
                at Your own risk and may be subject to additional
                requirements as specified by Google. Google is not
                obligated to provide support for Beta Features and
                Google may, at its sole discretion, cease providing
                Beta Features as part of any Services.
6. Information Rights and Publicity.
Google will not share Your Customer Data or any
                Third Party's Customer Data with any third parties
                unless Google (i) has Your consent for any Customer
                Data or any Third Party's consent for the Third
                Party's Customer Data; (ii) concludes that it is
                required by law or has a good faith belief that
                access, preservation or disclosure of Customer Data
                is reasonably necessary to protect the rights,
                property or safety of Google, its users or the
                public; or (iii) provides Customer Data in certain
                limited circumstances to third parties to carry out
                tasks on Google's behalf (e.g., billing or data
                storage) with strict restrictions that prevent the
                data from being used or shared except as directed
                by Google. When this is done, it is subject to
                agreements that oblige those parties to process
                Customer Data only on Google's instructions and in
                compliance with this Agreement and appropriate
                confidentiality and security measures.
7. Privacy.
You will not and will not assist or permit any
                third party to pass information, hashed or
                otherwise, to Google that Google could use or
                recognize as personally identifiable information,
                except where permitted by, and subject to, the
                policies or terms of Google Analytics features made
                available to You, and only if, any information
                passed to Google for such Google Analytics feature
                is hashed using industry standards. You will have
                and abide by an appropriate Privacy Policy and will
                comply with all applicable laws, policies, and
                regulations relating to the collection of
                information from Users. You must post a Privacy
                Policy and that Privacy Policy must provide notice
                of Your use of cookies, identifiers for mobile
                devices (e.g., Android Advertising Identifier or
                Advertising Identifier for iOS) or similar
                technology used to collect data. You must disclose
                the use of Google Analytics, and how it collects
                and processes data. This can be done by displaying
                a prominent link to the site "How Google uses
                information from sites or apps that use our
                services", (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
,
                or any other URL that Google may provide from time
                to time). You will use commercially reasonable
                efforts to ensure that a User is provided with
                clear and comprehensive information about, and
                consents to, the storing and accessing of cookies
                or other information on the User’s device where
                such activity occurs in connection with the Service
                and where providing such information and obtaining
                such consent is required by law.
You must not circumvent any privacy features (e.g.,
                an opt-out) that are part of the Service. You will
                comply with all applicable Google Analytics
                policies located at
www.google.com/analytics/policies/
(or
                such other URL as Google may provide) as modified
                from time to time (the
"Google Analytics
                Policies"
).
You may participate in an integrated version of
                Google Analytics and certain Google advertising
                services ("Google Analytics Advertising Features").
                If You use Google Analytics Advertising Features,
                You will adhere to the Google Analytics Advertising
                Features policy (available at
support.google.com/analytics/bin/answer.py?hl=en&topic=2611283&answer=2700409
).
                Your access to and use of any Google advertising
                service is subject to the applicable terms between
                You and Google regarding that service.
If You use the Platform Home, Your use of the
                Platform Home is subject to the Platform Home
                Additional Terms (or as subsequently re-named)
                available at
https://support.google.com/marketingplatform/answer/9047313
(or such other URL as Google may provide) as
                modified from time to time (the "Platform Home
                Terms").
To the extent that Your use of the Service is
                within scope, You and Google agree to the Google
                Ads Data Processing Terms at
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
(the “Processing Terms”). Google will not modify
                the Processing Terms, except as expressly permitted
                under the Processing Terms.
8. Indemnification.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, You will
                indemnify, hold harmless and defend Google
                Affiliates, at Your expense, against (a) any and
                all third-party claims, actions, proceedings, and
                suits brought against any Google Affiliate or any
                of their officers, directors, employees, agents or
                affiliates, and (b) all related liabilities,
                damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs or
                expenses (including, reasonable attorneys' fees and
                other litigation expenses) incurred by any Google
                Affiliate or any of their officers, directors,
                employees, agents or affiliates, arising out of or
                relating to such third-party claims, actions,
                proceedings, and suits; in each case as a result of
                (i) Your breach of any term or condition of this
                Agreement, (ii) Your use of the Service, (iii) Your
                violations of applicable laws, rules or regulations
                in connection with the Service, (iv) any
                representations and warranties made by You
                concerning any aspect of the Service, the Software
                or Reports to any Third Party; (v) any claims made
                by or on behalf of any Third Party pertaining
                directly or indirectly to Your use of the Service,
                the Software or Reports; (vi) violations of Your
                obligations of privacy to any Third Party; and/or
                (vii) any claims with respect to acts or omissions
                of any Third Party in connection with the Service,
                the Software or Reports. Google will provide You
                with written notice of any claim, suit or action
                from which You must indemnify Google Affiliates.
                You will cooperate as fully as reasonably required
                in the defense of any claim. Google reserves the
                right, at its own expense, to enforce this Section
                8 on behalf of all Google Affiliates and assume the
                exclusive defense and control of any matter subject
                to indemnification by You.
9. Third Parties.
If You use the Service on behalf of the Third Party
                or a Third Party otherwise uses the Service through
                Your Account, whether or not You are authorized by
                Google to do so, then You represent and warrant
                that (a) You are authorized to act on behalf of,
                and bind to this Agreement, the Third Party to all
                obligations that You have under this Agreement, (b)
                Google may share with the Third Party any Customer
                Data that is specific to the Third Party
                Properties, and (c) You will not disclose Third
                Party's Customer Data to any other party without
                the Third Party's consent.
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
                EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT,
                GOOGLE MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
                EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING
                WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
                FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GOOGLE
                WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR YOUR LOST REVENUES OR
                INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
                EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF GOOGLE OR
                ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED
                OF, KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT SUCH DAMAGES
                WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF DIRECT DAMAGES DO NOT
                SATISFY A REMEDY. GOOGLE'S (AND ITS WHOLLY OWNED
                SUBSIDIARIES’) TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU OR
                ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES RESULTING
                FROM CLAIMS, DEMANDS, OR ACTIONS ARISING OUT OF OR
                RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $500
                (USD).
12. Proprietary Rights Notice.
The Service, which includes the Software and all
                Intellectual Property Rights therein is, and will
                remain, the property of Google (and the other
                Google Affiliates). All rights in and to the
                Software not expressly granted to You in this
                Agreement are reserved and retained by Google and
                its licensors without restriction, including,
                Google's (and the other Google Affiliates’) right
                to sole ownership of the Software and
                Documentation. Without limiting the generality of
                the foregoing, You agree not to (and not to allow
                any third party to): (a) sublicense, distribute, or
                use the Service or Software outside of the scope of
                the license granted in this Agreement; (b) copy,
                modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works
                from, reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile
                the Software or otherwise attempt to discover any
                source code or trade secrets related to the Service
                or Documentation; (c) rent, lease, sell, assign or
                otherwise transfer rights in or to the Software,
                Documentation or the Service; (d) use, post,
                transmit or introduce any device, software or
                routine which interferes or attempts to interfere
                with the operation of the Service, Documentation or
                the Software; (e) use the trademarks, trade names,
                service marks, logos, domain names and other
                distinctive brand features or any copyright or
                other proprietary rights associated with the
                Service for any purpose without the express written
                consent of Google; (f) register, attempt to
                register, or assist anyone else to register any
                trademark, trade name, serve marks, logos, domain
                names and other distinctive brand features,
                copyright or other proprietary rights associated
                with Google (or any other Google Affiliate) other
                than in the name of Google (or another Google
                Affiliate, as the case may be); (g) remove,
                obscure, or alter any notice of copyright,
                trademark, or other proprietary right appearing in
                or on any item included with the Service or
                Software; or (h) seek, in a proceeding filed during
                the term of this Agreement or for one year after
                such term, an injunction of any portion of the
                Service based on patent infringement.
13. U.S. Government Rights.
If the use of the Service is being acquired by or
                on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S.
                Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at
                any tier), in accordance with 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-4
                (for Department of Defense (DOD) acquisitions) and
                48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD
                acquisitions), the Government's rights in the
                Software, including its rights to use, modify,
                reproduce, release, perform, display or disclose
                the Software or Documentation, will be subject in
                all respects to the commercial license rights and
                restrictions provided in this Agreement.
14. Term and Termination.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any
                time with notice. Upon any termination of this
                Agreement, Google will stop providing, and You will
                stop accessing the Service. Additionally, if Your
                Account and/or GA Properties are terminated, You
                will (i) delete all copies of the GAMC from all
                Properties and/or (ii) suspend any and all use of
                the SDKs within 3 business days of such
                termination. In the event of any termination (a)
                You will not be entitled to any refunds of any
                usage fees or any other fees, and (b) any
                outstanding balance for Service rendered through
                the date of termination will be immediately due and
                payable in full and (c) all of Your historical
                Report data will no longer be available to You.
15. Modifications to Terms of Service and Other
                Policies.
Google may modify these terms or any additional
                terms that apply to the Service to, for example,
                reflect changes to the law or changes to the
                Service. You should look at the terms regularly.
                Google will post notice of modifications to these
                terms at
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/
,
                the Google Analytics Policies at
www.google.com/analytics/policies/
, or
                other policies referenced in these terms at the
                applicable URL for such policies. Changes will not
                apply retroactively and will become effective no
                sooner than 14 days after they are posted. If You
                do not agree to the modified terms for the Service,
                You should discontinue Your use of Google
                Analytics. No amendment to or modification of this
                Agreement will be binding unless (i) in writing and
                signed by a duly authorized representative of
                Google, (ii) You accept updated terms online, or
                (iii) You continue to use the Service after Google
                has posted updates to the Agreement or to any
                policy governing the Service.
16. Miscellaneous, Applicable Law and Venue.
(a) Google will be excused from performance in this
                Agreement to the extent that performance is
                prevented, delayed or obstructed by causes beyond
                its reasonable control. (b) This Agreement
                (including any amendment agreed upon by the parties
                in writing) represents the complete agreement
                between You and Google concerning its subject
                matter, and supersedes all prior agreements and
                representations between the parties. (c) If any
                provision of this Agreement is held to be
                unenforceable for any reason, such provision will
                be reformed to the extent necessary to make it
                enforceable to the maximum extent permissible so as
                to effect the intent of the parties, and the
                remainder of this Agreement will continue in full
                force and effect. (d) This Agreement will be
                governed by and construed under the laws of the
                state of California without reference to its
                conflict of law principles. In the event of any
                conflicts between foreign law, rules, and
                regulations, and California law, rules, and
                regulations, California law, rules and regulations
                will prevail and govern. Each party agrees to
                submit to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction
                of the courts located in Santa Clara County,
                California. The United Nations Convention on
                Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and
                the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act
                do not apply to this Agreement. You will comply
                with all applicable export control and sanctions
                laws and regulations, including (i) the Export
                Administration Regulations ("EAR") maintained by
                the U.S. Department of Commerce, (ii) trade and
                economic sanctions maintained by the U.S. Treasury
                Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and
                (iii) the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
                ("ITAR") maintained by the U.S. Department of
                State. (f) Any notices to Google must be sent to:
                Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
                View, CA 94043, USA, with a copy to Legal
                Department, via first class or air mail or
                overnight courier, and are deemed given upon
                receipt. (g) A waiver of any default is not a
                waiver of any subsequent default. (h) You may not
                assign or otherwise transfer any of Your rights in
                this Agreement without Google's prior written
                consent, and any such attempt is void. (i) The
                relationship between Google and You is not one of a
                legal partnership relationship, but is one of
                independent contractors. (j) This Agreement will be
                binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
                respective successors and assigns of the parties
                hereto. (k) The following sections of this
                Agreement will survive any termination thereof: 1,
                4, 5, 6 (except the last two sentences), 7, 8, 9,
                10, 11, 12, 14, 16, and 17.
17. Google Analytics and Firebase.
If You link a GA Property to Firebase
                (“
Firebase Linkage
”) as part of
                using the Service, the following terms, in addition
                to Sections 1-16 above, will also apply to You, and
                will also govern Your use of the Service, including
                with respect to Your use of Firebase Linkage. Other
                than as modified below, all other terms will stay
                the same and continue to apply. In the event of a
                conflict between this Section 17 and Sections 1-16
                above, the terms in Section 17 will govern and
                control solely with respect to Your use of the
                Firebase Linkage.
The following sentence is added to the end of
                Section 7 as follows:
If You link a GA Property to a Firebase project
                (“
Firebase Linkage
”) (i) certain
                data from Your GA Property, including Customer
                Data, may be made accessible within or to any other
                entity or personnel specified in the applicable
                Firebase settings and (ii) that GA Property may
                have certain Service settings modified by
                authorized personnel specified in the applicable
                Firebase settings (notwithstanding the settings You
                may have designated for that GA Property within the
                Service).
Last Updated May 15, 2023
Previous Versions
March 31,
                  2021
June 17,
                  2019
Sub-policy 5
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 6
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 7
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences