Customer Notice
Passengers with special requests are required...
More Details
Special Assistance Requests
Passengers with special requests are required to confirm their requests for assistance 72 hours before the flight, subject to availability.
Read More
Botswana (MoH) Launches Pathogen Monitoring at SSKIA
The Botswana Ministry of Health (MoH) has launched a pathogen (disease causing micro-organisms) monitoring programme in Botswana. This programme includes sample collection from international arriving travellers and aircraft wastewater at Sir Seretse Khama International Airport (SSKIA). The voluntary collection of samples will take place in the International Arrivals Hall, commencing on Monday 16 September 2024 until the end of the year.
Read More
Flights on schedule after fire damages Skukuza Airport Terminal roof
Passengers travelling to Skukuza, please note that Airlink has set up temporary arrival and departure facilities as a contingency measure at Skukuza Airport to minimize any disruptions to normal airport services, following recent fire damage to the terminal roof.
 
We apologise for any inconvenience and thank you for your understanding.
Read More
Tax Invoicing requests to be sent to taxinvoices@flyairlink.com
We are aware of issues being reported by some customers trying to generate a tax invoice on the website. We are working to rectify this as and ask that you email your request to taxinvoices@flyairlink.com in the interim. Please include your details so that our teams can assist and process the required tax invoice on your behalf.
Important Customer Notice: Delays expected at OR Tambo Immigration.
Airlink customers travelling through OR Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg are advised to allow for additional processing times at immigration points for both departing and arriving flights.
 
This is as a result of the new Biometric Movement Control System (BMCS) implemented by the Department of Home Affairs (DHA) and Border Management Agency (BMA) at immigration and emigration areas, which is currently experiencing delays, resulting in longer queues during peak times.
 
This may also affect international arrivals, baggage collection, and potentially lead to missed connecting flights.
 
We recommend that travellers proceed to the immigration area immediately after check in to minimise lengthy waiting times.
 
We apologise for any inconvenience that may be experienced.
Important Flight Notice
All international customers are urged to book one (1) single ticket with through-fares, as opposed to booking separate tickets to avoid flight delays. Please note that it is essential to read the fare rules.
Read More
Important Payment Notification
Effective Tuesday 05 March 2024, Airlink will be accepting USD card sales in Malawi. All Visa, Mastercard, and AMEX cards are now active for customer and agent sales for all tickets booked and sold within Malawi.
Experiencing issues with online check-in?
If you are experiencing issues with checking in on the website, you may use the mobile app to check-in. You can download the Airlink Mobile App below:
Read More
Home
Legal & Privacy
Website Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
Agreement between you and Airlink
Thank you for visiting flyairlink.com (the "Website"). The Website is offered by us, AIRLINK, conditioned on acceptance by you, the user of the Website, without modification, limitation or qualification, of the terms and conditions contained herein. By accessing and using this Website, you are deemed to have agreed to all such terms and conditions (the "Agreement").
You represent and warrant you possess the legal right and ability to enter into this Agreement and to use this Website in accordance with all terms and conditions herein. You promise to us you are old enough to enter legally binding contracts through this Website and you know you will be responsible for all payments due to us for bookings made by you or another person using your login information.
Modification of Terms
We may change these terms and conditions at any time without advance notice. Changed terms will become effective once posted on the Website, and will not have any retrospective effect on existing contractual arrangements made through this Website. Your continued use of this Website after any change means you have accepted the changed terms and conditions.
Draw Signature
Type Signature
Add a e-signature
Submit Signature
Clear Signature
This field is required
Convert to Signature
Add a e-signature
Submit Signature
Clear Signature
Disclaimer of Warranties & Limitation of Liability
General
Your access to and use of software and other materials on, or through, this Web Site is solely at your own risk. We make no warranty whatsoever about the reliability, stability or virus free nature of such software.
Disclaimer of Warranty
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties relating to the information, software, products and services contained in this web site. All such information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. We hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products and services contained in this web site including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
Limitation of liability
In no event will we be liable for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential (including among other things loss of revenue or profits), punitive, or exemplary, damages of any kind or subject to equitable or injunctive remedies (whether based on breach of contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise) arising out of:
(i) access to, or use of this web site, or delay or inability to use this web site, or any information contained in this web site; or,
(ii) the availability and utility of products and services (except carriage by air performed by us). Nothing in this limitation of liability shall exclude liabilities not permitted to be excluded by applicable law.
ANY CARRIAGE BY AIR USING A TICKET OBTAINED USING THIS WEB SITE SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE OF THE RELEVANT CARRIER AND MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO THE WARSAW CONVENTION OR THE MONTREAL CONVENTION, WHICH MAY LIMIT THE CARRIER'S LIABILITY IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. YOU SHOULD REFER TO THE NOTE ON CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE SET OUT BELOW. ANY RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREIN ARE RESERVED BY US.
Indemnity
As a condition of use of this Website, you agree to indemnify us from and against any and all liabilities, expenses (including attorney's fees) and damages arising out of claims resulting from your use of this Website, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by you of these terms and conditions.
Links to Third-Parties Websites
This Website may contain links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. We do not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services on such third-party sites. Third party links and pointers are included solely for your convenience, and do not constitute any endorsement by us. You assume sole responsibility for use of third party links and pointers
Limitations on Use
You agree to use this Website solely to determine the availability of goods and services and make legitimate reservations or transact business with us. You agree to use the Website only for personal, non-commercial use.
You agree to use the Website's services to make only legitimate reservations or purchases. You agree not to make any false reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand. We may cancel, without notice, all confirmations associated with multiple reservations to one or more destination on or about the same date.
You agree to all of our terms and conditions of purchase, including, but not limited to, full and timely payment of all amounts due and compliance with all rules concerning availability of fares, products, or services. All fees, assessments, charges, taxes and duties arising out of use of the Website are your sole responsibility.
You agree to not abuse the Website. "Abuse" includes, without limitation, using the Website to:
Defame, harass, stalk, threaten, abuse or otherwise violate others´ rights as defined by applicable law.
Harm or interfere with the operation of others´ computers and software in any respect, including, without limitation, by uploading, downloading or transmitting corrupt files or computer viruses.
Violate applicable intellectual property, publicity or privacy rights, including, without limitation, by uploading, downloading or transmitting materials or software.
Omit or misrepresent the origin of, or rights in, any file you download or upload, including, without limitation, by omitting proprietary language, author identifications, or notices of patent, copyright or trademark.
Transmit, post, or otherwise disclose trade secrets, or other confidential or protected proprietary material or information.
Download or upload files that are unlawful to distribute through the Website.
Transmit any information or software obtained through the Website, or copy, create, display, distribute, license, perform, publish, recreate, reproduce, sell, or transfer works deriving from the Website.
Cause an excessively large load on the infrastructure of the Website.
Falsely use a password or personal identification number during logging into the Website, or misrepresent one´s identity or authority to act on behalf of another.
Violate this Agreement in any other manner.
Website Bookings
You can book on the Website for up to 9 passengers per booking. You may simultaneously book flights for 9 adults and children (2-11 years old). Additionally, one infant (0-1 year old) can be booked per adult passenger. You may book a flight in the class of your choice (where available).
You are able to cancel or make date changes on the Website from the "Check My Trip" section. Modifications can also be done via the call centre. This is subject to the fare rules that you agreed to when you confirmed the booking. You are required to contact one of our offices to arrange for any refunds. You may book flights up to 342 days before departure.
Use of Credit Card
We accept major credit cards, and the credit card holder must be one of the passengers. Your credit card will be debited when you click on the confirm button. If you do not have a credit card, you may choose to pay in cash while visiting one of our offices. If you wish to arrange for delivery or collection of a ticket in a country other than your country of departure, you will need to contact one of our local offices to make the booking and arrange payment and ticketing.
Security
We will take all reasonable measures to insure information you transmit to us using the Website will remain confidential and protected from unauthorized access. Despite those measures, we do not warrant unauthorized access to that information can never happen. We will not be liable for any such unauthorized access unless caused solely by our gross negligence, in which event you will be entitled to compensation up to a maximum of the value of the services purchased by you.
Passports
Please insure you have a passport valid for the duration of your trip. (Some destinations require your passport be valid for a certain length of time, in general, 6 months after completion of travel). You may also be required to obtain a visa for some destinations and it is your responsibility to do so. If you require any further information on passport or visa requirements, please contact one of our local offices or the embassy of the country to which you will be travelling.
Airport Taxes
Some airports will levy an airport departure tax, which is payable by passengers at the airport locally. Information on these charges is not given through our quoted fares.
Health/Insurance Requirements
Immunization may be recommended or required for your destination or stopover points - please check this with your doctor. We also recommend purchase of adequate travel insurance for all travel on AIRLINK flights including domestic destinations.
Currency Conversion
Currency rates are based on several publicly available sources. The accuracy of such rates is not verified, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes are not updated every day. We believe in the accuracy of the information supplied by this application, but we do not warrant or guarantee such accuracy. If using this information for any financial purpose, we advise you to consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the currency rates.
Draw Signature
Type Signature
Add a e-signature
Submit Signature
Clear Signature
This field is required
Convert to Signature
Add a e-signature
Submit Signature
Clear Signature
Flyairlink.com uses cookies and similar technologies to ensure our Website offers you the best possible user experience. By continuing to use flyairlink.com you will be agreeing to the website
Terms and Conditions
, the
Privacy Policy
, and the
Use Of Cookies
.
Read More
Accept & Continue
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.flyairlink.com/legal-and-privacy:
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 1380000210195401912-436869822738072909
Sub-policy 1
https://www.flyairlink.com/legal-and-privacy/privacy-notice:
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 1380000210195401912-436870320954279245