Home
Cookie & Privacy Policy
Cookie & Privacy Policy
DRHE Privacy Policy
This privacy statement intends to demonstrate the Dublin Regional Homeless Executive’s (DRHE) firm commitment to privacy and to assure you that in all your dealings with us we will endeavour to ensure the security of the data you provide to us.
Any personal information which we process will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018 and the Data Protection Acts 2018. This page will describe in greater detail privacy policy measures with respect to the DRHE website, cookie policy and Rough Sleeper Alerts app and website form.
Website Privacy Statement
The DRHE will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your permission. Any personal information supplied will be treated as confidential.
The DRHE does not routinely collect personal information about you, except for information you volunteer by e-mailing us, completing a feedback form or by requesting a service. We will use any personal information supplied only for the intended purpose and we will not pass your personal details on to any third parties.
Technical details of your visit to this website are recorded only for business purposes. These details include IP addresses and web search terms. This information will only be used for statistical and administrative purposes.
Data Protection
Your Rights
The Data Protection Acts give you the right to get a copy, clearly explained, of any information about you kept on computer or in a structured manual filing system, by any person or organisation (Section 4 of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003).
Our Policy
The DRHE endeavours to operate best practice in relation to its responsibilities under the Data Protection Acts. This policy is informed and guided by the principles contained in the Rules for Data Protection as detailed by the Data Protection Commissioner.
We will:
Obtain and process information fairly
Keep it only for one or more specified, explicit and lawful purposes
Use and disclose it only in ways compatible with these purposes
Keep it safe and secure
Keep it accurate, complete and up-to-date
Ensure that it is adequate, relevant and not excessive
Retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purpose or purposes for which it was obtained
Give you a copy of your personal information on request
Subject Access Requests
If you would like to exercise your rights, you can submit a written request outlining the specific details of the request to:
Data Protection Officer
Civic Offices, Wood Quay,
Dublin 8.
Or by email at: dataprotection@dublincity.ie
Please include any details that could help us to locate your records. This might include:
Customer account number
Staff number
Any other information that may help us to identify your records
Right of Complaint to the Office of the Data Protection Commission
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of the response you received from the local authority in relation to your request, then you are entitled to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commission who may investigate the matter for you.
The Data Protection Commission’s website is
www.dataprotection.ie
or you can contact their Office at:
Data Protection Commission,
Canal House, Station Road,
Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23
Or email: info@dataprotection.ie
Our use of cookies
This website uses Fathom Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. This privacy based analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for DRHE (www.homelessdublin.ie)
DRHE will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. DRHE will not link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.
DRHE uses cookies to allow accessibility options on the site to function correctly i.e. increasing/decreasing text size or changing the contrast. Cookies are also used to allow users of mobile phones to browse the mobile version of the site.
Strictly necessary
Save
Cookies consent ID:
Strictly necessary
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
CookieScriptConsent
CookieScript
www.homelessdublin.ie
1 month
This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
Further information about cookies
You can choose whether you wish to accept cookies or not within your browser settings. Your browser will generally offer you the choice to accept, refuse or delete cookies either at all times or from specific websites or in the case of “third party cookies” (those from providers that website owners use).
The choices and management of cookies vary dependant on your preferred browser. Listed below are links to some popular manufacturer’s instructions on how you can manage your cookie preferences.
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Safari Mobile
Rough Sleeper Alerts App and Website Form Privacy Statement
Dublin Rough Sleeper Alerts is a service which allows members of the public help Outreach Teams locate and provide services such as access to emergency accommodation to people sleeping rough. Dublin Simon Community on behalf of the DRHE currently provides the outreach service. Alerts can be created via a form on the DRHE website at:
www.homelessdublin.ie
or via the Dublin Rough Sleeper Alerts App. Outreach teams receive and act on alerts received.
What personal data do we need?
About the person using the app or the website to create a rough sleeper alert:
- On downloading the app, the user is asked if they want to activate location feature (optional). If activated, the map on the app will pan toward the location of the device. This will assist the user place a ‘pin’ where they want to make an alert. No device data is recorded, and no location data is recorded when the app is not in use.
- When an alert is made we ask for email details (optional). If an email is provided, this may be used to thank the app user for creating the alert and inform them that it has been acted on.
- We ask for name and phone number (not optional). This information may be used by the street outreach team, for example by calling the alerter to ask for further information to help locate the person sleeping rough.
About the person rough sleeping:
- We ask for some information about the person sleeping rough such as location, gender, and age range (-18, 18-35, 36-60, 61+). This helps us identify if the person is of a particularly urgent category (such as a minor or elderly person).
How will we process your personal data?
The contact details for the person creating an alert is processed, stored in a SQL database, on servers held in the EU, and included in an email communication to the Outreach team. Therefore, the Outreach Team have contact details if they need to follow up.
The legal basis for processing the personal data
Under Section 37 of the Housing Act (2009) housing authorities are required to create homelessness action plans for their administrative areas which aim (among other things) to:
- Prevent homelessness
- Reduce homelessness in its extent or duration
- Provide services including accommodation to address the needs of homeless households.
The DRHE Homelessness Action Plan (2019-2021) commits to:
deliver interagency supports for people who are currently homeless, with an emphasis on minimising the incidence of rough sleeping (P.9)
The DRHE Outreach service, and the rough sleeper alerts processes which supports it, help address and minimise rough sleeping. Personal information is required by the DRHE to provide such services and thereby fulfil objectives set out in the Housing Act (2009).
Data Sharing
Locations of reported rough sleepers and contact details of the alerter are shared with the Outreach service team.
Security Measures
The DRHE has engaged a 3rd party provider of IT services to ensure data is secure and provide ongoing support. The appropriate data protection and non-disclosure arrangements are in place with this company and any other providers of IT services.
Retention period
The Dublin Rough Sleeper Alerts App launched December 2020. This was successful in pilot phase and is now permanent. DRHE deletes data received after one month.
Your Rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances and subject to applicable exemptions, in relation to your personal data:
- the right to access the personal data that we hold about you, together with other information about our processing of that personal data;
- the right to require us to rectify any inaccuracies in your personal data;
- the right to require us to erase your personal data;
- the right to request that we no longer process your personal data for particular purposes;
- the right to object to our use of your personal data or the way in which we process it; and
- the right to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to require us to transmit that data to another controller.
Please note that to help protect your privacy, before granting access to personal data, you may be asked for proof of identity.
Subject Access Requests
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, you can submit a written request outlining the specific details of the request to the Dublin City Council Data Protection Officer at the address or email outlined on this page.
All valid requests will be processed without undue delay and in any event within one month of receipt of the request. This period may be extended by up to two further months where necessary.
Right of Complaint to the Office of the Data Protection Commission
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of the response you received from the local authority in relation to your request, then you are entitled to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commission who may investigate the matter for you. Contact details for the Data Protection Commission are outlined above.
Automated decision making
Data collected will not be used for automated decision making.
Transferred to a non EEA country
Data will not be transferred to non EEA countries.
Further processing
The data collected by the App or the website rough sleeper alerts service will not be processed for other purposes than those outlined above.
Technical Issues
If you are experiencing any technical problems with the Rough Sleeper App can you please email admin.rsapp@dublincity.ie with details of the issue.