1. Uses
The NANSENSE app has two modes of functionality:
Connect your phone as a remote controller for your NANSENSE system.
Animate character faces using your phone's camera.
2. Camera APIs & Permissions
The use of the camera API is fair and by lawful means, with your knowledge, permission and consent. The NANSENSE app informs you when the use of the camera API takes place and you have the right to decline that use.
3. Data Collection
The NANSENSE app does not require the user to provide any personal information and does not collect any. No data generated by the NANSENSE app is collected, used or stored by NANSENSE Inc. No data is stored on a web server and no data is communicated with third party entities or services for any purpose.
4. Third Parties
No information generated by the NANSENSE app is shared with third parties and no data generated by the NANSENSE app is used for advertising or other use-based data mining purposes.
5. Anonymous Data
The NANSENSE app generates data in an anonymous and non-identifiable way and does not record videos or images. This NANSENSE app does not attempt, facilitate, or encourage others to identify anonymous users or reconstruct user profiles based on the data collected.
6. Security
NANSENSE Inc. values your trust and support but must make users aware that no method of data transmission, even over a local network, or method of data storage, even local storage, is 100% secure or reliable. NANSENSE Inc. cannot guarantee absolute security.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
NANSENSE Inc. may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to comply with the rules of the App Store. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted to this page.
8. Contact
If you have any questions, suggestions or clarifications about this Privacy Policy or the NANSENSE app, please
contact us
.
Contact Us
Please contact us with questions, to schedule a live demo or to request a quote at
info@nansense.com
.
Name
Name field must not be blank.
Email
Not a valid email.
Phone
Company
Subject
Subject field must not be blank.
Message
Message field must not be blank.
Send Message
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.nansense.com/privacy/:
1. Privacy Policy
It is NANSENSE Inc.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website,
https://www.nansense.com
, and other sites we own and operate. This policy does not apply to sites operated by third-party distributors.
1.1 Information We Collect
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. This data is considered "non-identifying information", as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page and other details.
We may also collect data about the device you are using to access our website. This data may include the device type, operating system, unique device identifiers, device settings, and geo-location data. What we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and its operating system or software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer to learn what information they make available to us.
We may ask for personal information, such as:
Name
Email
Phone
Address
This data is considered "identifying information", as it can personally identify you. We only request personal information relevant to providing you with a service, and only use it to help provide or improve that service.
1.2 How We Collect Information
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it.
1.3 Use of Information
We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, how they use our services and how we may improve their experience of our website in future. We do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly but may share aggregated and anonymized versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports.
We may use your personal details to contact you with updates about our website and services, along with promotional content that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt out of receiving promotional content, you can contact us with "unsubscribe" instructions provided alongside any promotional correspondence from us.
1.4 Data Processing and Storage
The personal information we collect is stored and processed in the United States, or where we or our partners, affiliates and third-party providers maintain facilities. We only transfer data within jurisdictions subject to data protection laws that reflect our commitment to protecting the privacy of our users.
We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure and cannot guarantee absolute data security.
If you request your personal information to be deleted, or where your personal information becomes no longer relevant to our operations, we will erase it from our system within a reasonable timeframe.
1.5 Cookies
We use "cookies" to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified. Please refer to our
Cookie Policy
for more information.
1.6 Third-Party Access to Information
We may use third-party services for:
Website Analytics
User Authentication
Advertising and Promotion
Content Marketing
Email Marketing
Payment Processing
These services may access our data solely for the purpose of performing specific tasks on our behalf. We do not share any personally identifying information with them without your explicit consent. We do not give them permission to disclose or use any of our data for any other purpose.
We may, from time to time, allow limited access to our data by external consultants and agencies for the purpose of analysis and service improvement. This access is only permitted for as long as necessary to perform a specific function. We only work with external agencies whose privacy policies align with ours.
We will refuse government and law enforcement requests for data if we believe a request is too broad or unrelated to its stated purpose. However, we may cooperate if we believe the requested information is necessary and appropriate to comply with the legal process, to protect our own rights and property, to protect the safety of the public and any person, to prevent a crime, or to prevent what we reasonably believe to be illegal, legally actionable, or an unethical activity.
We do not otherwise share or supply personal information to third-parties. We do not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or third-parties.
1.7 Children’s Privacy
This website does not knowingly target children or collect personal information from children. As a parent/guardian, if you believe your child is participating in an activity involving personal information on our website, and you have not received a notification or request for consent, please contact us at
info@nansense.com
. We do not use your supplied contact details for marketing or promotional purposes.
1.8 Limits of Our Policy
This privacy policy only covers NANSENSE Inc's own collecting and handling of data. We only work with partners, affiliates and third-party providers whose privacy policies align with ours. However, we cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
1.9 Changes to This Policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
1.10 Your Rights and Responsibilities
As our user, you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about you, and how it is processed. You are entitled to correct and update any personal information about you, and to request this information be deleted.
You are entitled to restrict or object to our use of your data, while retaining the right to use your personal information for your own purposes. You have the right to opt out of data about you being used in decisions based solely on automated processing.
If you have any concerns or questions about how we handle your data and personal information, feel free to contact us at
info@nansense.com
.
2. Cookie Policy
We use cookies to help improve your experience of
https://www.nansense.com
. This cookie policy is part of NANSENSE Inc's privacy policy and covers the use of cookies between your device and our site. We also provide basic information on third-party services we may use, who may also use cookies as part of their service, though they are not covered by our policy.
If you don’t wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from
https://www.nansense.com
, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired content and services.
2.1 What Is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your device when you visit, typically containing information about the website itself, a unique identifier that allows the site to recognize your web browser when you return, additional data that serves the purpose of the cookie, and the lifespan of the cookie itself.
Cookies are used to enable certain features (e.g. logging in), to track site usage (e.g. analytics), to store your user settings (e.g. time zone, notification preferences), and to personalize your content (e.g. advertising, language).
Cookies set by the website you are visiting are normally referred to as "first-party cookies", and typically only track your activity on that particular site. Cookies set by other sites and companies (i.e. third-parties) are called "third-party cookies", and can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service.
2.2 Types of Cookies and How We Use Them
Essential Cookies
are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts and payment processing. We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website.
Performance Cookies
are used in the tracking of how you use a website during your visit, without collecting personal information about you. Typically, this information is anonymous and aggregated with information tracked across all site users, to help companies understand visitor usage patterns, identify and diagnose problems or errors their users may encounter, and make better strategic decisions in improving their audience’s overall website experience. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. We use performance cookies on our site.
Functionality Cookies
are used in collecting information about your device and any settings you may configure on the website you’re visiting (like language and time zone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customized, enhanced or optimized content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party service. We use functionality cookies for selected features on our site.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
are used in determining what promotional content is more relevant and appropriate to you and your interests. Websites may use them to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This helps companies improve the effectiveness of their campaigns and the quality of content presented to you. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. Targeting/advertising cookies set by third-parties may be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. We use targeting/advertising cookies on our site.
2.3 Third-Party Cookies
We may employ third-party companies and individuals on our websites (e.g. analytics providers and content partners). We grant these third-parties access to selected information to perform specific tasks on our behalf. They may also set third-party cookies in order to deliver the services they are providing. Third-party cookies can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. As we have no control over third-party cookies, they are not covered by NANSENSE Inc's cookie policy.
2.4 Our Third-Party Privacy Promise
We review the privacy policies of all our third-party providers before enlisting their services to ensure their practices align with ours. We will never knowingly include third-party services that compromise or violate the privacy of our users.
2.5 Remove Cookies
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you can instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie.
If you browse websites from multiple devices, you may need to update your settings on each individual device.
Although some cookies can be blocked with little impact on your experience of a website, blocking all cookies may mean you are unable to access certain features and content across the sites you visit.
Contact Us
Please contact us with questions, to schedule a live demo or to request a quote at
info@nansense.com
.
Name
Name field must not be blank.
Email
Not a valid email.
Phone
Company
Subject
Subject field must not be blank.
Message
Message field must not be blank.
Send Message