Effective Date: October 13, 2020
Gipper Media, Inc.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Gipper Media, Inc. (“Company” or “we” or “our”) treat information collected or provided in connection with an end user’s (“you” or “your”  or  “user”) use of the Company’s website (the “Site”) and all services provided by Company in connection with the Site (collectively the “Services”).  Please note that your use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of this Policy as set forth below:
1. Effective Date; Changes.
This Policy applies to all information collected by or provided to us in connection with the Services.  When we make any material changes to this Policy, we will change the Effective Date above and will inform you by email sent to the address associated with your Services account and/or through the Services the next time you login.  We will treat your continued use of the Services following such notice as your acceptance of the changes.
2. Third Parties.
The Services may contain, and we may send to registered users, offers from third parties or links to third-party websites.  This Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to or that may be collected by third parties.  We encourage you to request that such third parties provide you with their applicable privacy policies and other terms and conditions before engaging with or making a purchase from such third parties.
3.
Collected Information.
​
​
Information You Submit
.
When you log-in to or create an account with the Services, we collect the information you provide in the applicable form.  This information includes personally identifiable information such as your mailing address, email address and password.  When we refer to “personally identifiable information” in this Policy, we mean information that we can directly associate with a specific person or entity without additional information.  To the extent you decline to share certain personally identifiable information with us, we may not be able to provide some or all of the features and functionalities found on the Services.
​
Information Collected Automatically.
When you use the Services, we automatically gather certain non-personally identifiable information from you.  This includes usage information, such as information on when, how often and for how long you use the Services and the content you submit and view.  This also includes server log data such as the IP address, operating system, or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site.  As described below, we collect this information through a number of means, including server logs, cookies and other online tracking mechanisms.  We may associate such non-personally identifiable information with the personally identifiable information that you provide in connection with the Services.
​
Analytics Sites.
We use certain third-party services to assist us in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting regarding the Services.  These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device.  In particular, we may use Google Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed in this Policy.  For information about the privacy practices of Google Analytics, you can visit
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.  You can learn how to opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
​
Transactions.
If you participate in a transaction through the Services, such as making a payment through the Services for a product or setting up a recurring payment for our subscription services, our third-party payment processor will receive your payment information for purposes of processing such transaction and Company will receive such payment after any applicable fees have been deducted in accordance with Company’s agreement with such third party payment processor.  Note that Company does not receive your credit card information.
​
Social Networking Information.
You may be able to create a Services account by logging in through a social networking site such as Facebook (such sites, “Social Sites”).  Integration with Social Sites allows you to automatically populate your Services profile with information and content from your Social Site account profile and to invite your Social Site connections to join the Services.  It also may allow us to better target our advertising within such Social Sites (to the extent enabled by the applicable Social Site).  We will use, store and disclose such information and content in accordance with this Policy.  Please remember that the manner in which Social Sites use, store and disclose your information and content (including with respect to any choices you may have to limit or control disclosure to us) is governed by the terms and conditions and privacy policies of each Social Site and any applicable privacy settings you may be able to control, and not Company.
4. Use of Information.
​
We use the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information that we collect about you as follows:
We will use submitted information for the purposes for which you provided the information, including, for example, to create and maintain a Services account for you or respond to a question that you email to us or submit through a customer service chat functionality.  We also use submitted information and collected information as necessary to provide the features and functionality of the Services to you.
We may send you emails regarding updates or modifications to the Services.
We may use submitted information and collected information to personalize the content that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.
We may analyze collected information relating to your use of the Services in order to help us improve the Services and develop and improve other products and services.
We may use submitted information and collected information to help troubleshoot problems, provide you with required notices, enforce our Terms of Use or to alert you to changes in our policies or agreements that may affect your use of the Services.
We may combine personally identifiable information collected through the Services with other information that we collect about you in other contexts—such as our communications with you via email, phone or postal mail.  We will handle such combined information in accordance with this Policy.
​
5. Disclosure of Information.
​
We disclose the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information that we collect about you as follows:
We may provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregated, non-personally identifiable information about our user base and its usage patterns.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to third-party partners, including (without limitation) organizations and institutions with which you indicate an affiliation, in furtherance of our business arrangements with them, including without limitation to jointly offer a product or service to you or create interoperability between our products and services and the products and services of such partners.
Company uses contractors and third-party service providers to provide the Services to our users and to help us provide services in connection with the Services.  For example, we use third parties for email marketing and product fulfillment.  Such third parties may receive information from us for use for such purposes.
We may report aggregated, de-identified data relating to activity on the Services to third parties or the general public. We may combine such data with data obtained from third-party sources in order to generate such reports.
We will use and disclose information where we, in good faith, believe that the law or legal process (such as a court order, search warrant or subpoena) requires us to do so; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations of our terms and conditions; or in other circumstances where we believe is necessary to protect the rights or property of Company, our users, and third parties.
​
6. Viewing and Amending Information.
If available, you may be able to log into your Services account and view, amend or delete your user account information at any time.  Please note that while changes or deletions to your account information are reflected promptly in active user databases, our servers may retain previously provided information.  Note that changes to, or deletion of, your Services account user information does not affect any other information collected by Company, which Company may retain and continue to use or disclose in accordance with this Policy.
​
7. Choices Regarding Third-Party Offers.
To the extent we send you commercial emails regarding third-party marketing or promotional materials, we will give you the ability to opt-out of receiving such emails in accordance with applicable law.  We will not provide your personally identifiable information to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent.
8. Online Behavioral Advertising.
We may engage third party online advertising technology service providers to help us deliver advertisements to you on websites you visit after using the Services. This is a common practice known as “re-targeting.” For information about these practices, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising
or the Digital Advertising Alliance website at
http://www.aboutads.info/
. You may remove yourself from targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance program by opting out at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
. Like many websites, the Services does not currently respond to “do not track” browser headers, but you can limit tracking through these third-party programs by taking the steps discussed above.
9. Security.
The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in limited access servers. We will maintain reasonable safeguards to protect the security of these servers and your personally identifiable information.  However, no security measures are 100% effective and we cannot guarantee the security of your personally identifiable information.
10. Transfer As Corporate Asset.
In the event of a merger, sale of capital stock or assets, reorganization, consolidation or similar transaction involving Company, the information we possess (including personally identifiable information) shall be transferred as a corporate asset to the acquiring entity, provided that such entity will continue to handle such information in accordance with this Policy.
11. Transfer to the U.S. or other Countries.
Company is established in and uses facilities in the United States.  Your information will be stored and processed in the United States or other countries where Company has facilities or utilizes service providers.  By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country, even if your country has more rigorous data protection standards.
12. Children Under 13.
Company does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 and the Services are intended for individuals over the age of 13.  If you are a parent and believe that your child under the age of 13 has used the Services and provided personally identifiable information to us through the Services, please contact us at
support@gogipper.com
and we will work to delete that Services account and any such personally identifiable information.
​
13. California Residents
. Your California Privacy Rights.  If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personally identifiable information for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding year, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83.  To make such a request, please send an email to
support@gogipper.com
. We are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Sub-section Policy: 