Privacy statement
Privacy statement
General provisions
Company DOORSON d.o.o is aware that data protection is of utmost importance to users. This privacy statement contains information about collecting personal information of users on the webpage of DOORSON d.o.o. (hereinafter Doorson website) that includes all web pages and subpages of company DOORSON d.o.o. (
https://www.doorson.com
), together with all incorporated services managed by DOORSON d.o.o., as well as information about the processing and protection of thus obtained personal data of Doorson website users.
As the operator of Doorson website, company DOORSON d.o.o. reserves the right to occasionally update terms and conditions of use, together with the privacy statement, in accordance with technical developments and legislation, without giving prior notice to users. We kindly ask you to check the date of the latest update to the privacy statement prior to using DOORSON d.o.o. website.
Collection and processing of personal data
Application form registration on Doorson website
Upon registration for newsletter or inquiries about detailed information on certain products on Doorson website, apart from your IP address, your personal data, contact data, and other data entered in online application forms, will be collected.
In accordance with Data Protection Act, the operator of personal information may process personal information after having been given an individual’s consent. In the case of Doorson website, an individual’s consent means that a user, having entered their information in an online application form and sent the information, confirms to agree with the privacy statement. The operator does not take responsibility for authenticity, correctness and currency of personal and contact information provided by users. As a user of Doorson website you are required to ensure that all the submitted information on Doorson website is correct and up to date.
Thus obtained information submitted by users will be processed by company DOORSON d.o.o. for the purposes for which they have been provided by users of Doorson website (communication and notifying via email and telephone, sending information and invitations to events of company DOORSON d.o.o., internal statistical processing, segmentations, analysis and drawing up reports).
Information about your application will be saved and processed until your written notification of cancelling your subscription to information services is submitted by means of email via Doorson website or at marketing@doorson.si.
Withdrawal of consent to process personal data and information
Users of Doorson website may at any time submit a written request (by cancelling your subscription on Doorson website or directly at marketing@doorson.si) for DOORSON d.o.o. to stop processing your personal data, either temporarily or permanently, partially or fully. Company DOORSON d.o.o. undertakes to stop processing and/or delete personal data of users no later than 15 days after receipt of the written request.
Any queries regarding protection of data collected on Doorson website that concern you (e.g. collection, processing, protection of data, additional information) can be submitted to marketing@doorson.si. Your query will be handled by the person responsible for data processing.
Transfer of personal data to third parties
Company DOORSON d.o.o. undertakes that it shall not transfer personal user data collected on Doorson website to third parties without the express consent of users, except in cases laid down by law.
Your privacy is protected
Company DOORSON d.o.o. is aware that data protection is of utmost importance to users, and therefore undertakes to protect the data of users against loss, alteration, theft or access by unauthorised persons. Personal information of users collected on Doorson website will be protected in accordance with applicable data protection regulations (Data Protection Act, Official Gazette of the Republic of Slovenia, number 86/2004 et seq.) and this privacy statement.
As the operator of Doorson website, company DOORSON d.o.o. reserves the right to update terms and conditions of use, together with the privacy statement in accordance with technical developments and legislation without giving prior notice to users. Any alterations will be published on website
www.doorson.com/legal-notice/privacy-statement
.