Terms & Conditions
eMoby Terms and Conditions
1. Contractual Relationship
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern the access or use by you, an individual, from within any
country in the world (excluding the United States and its territories and possessions and
Mainland China) of applications, websites, content, products, and services (the “Services”)
made available by eMoby. (“eMoby”).
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE
SERVICES.
Your access and use of the Services constitutes your agreement to be bound by these Terms,
which establishes a contractual relationship between you and eMoby. If you do not agree to
these Terms, you may not access or use the Services. These Terms expressly supersede
prior agreements or arrangements with you. eMoby may immediately terminate these Terms
or any Services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or deny access to the Services
or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.
Supplemental terms may apply to certain Services, such as policies for a particular event,
activity or promotion, and such supplemental terms will be disclosed to you in connection with
the applicable Services. Supplemental terms are in addition to, and shall be deemed a part
of, the Terms for the purposes of the applicable Services. Supplemental terms shall prevail
over these Terms in the event of a conflict with respect to the applicable Services.
eMoby may amend the Terms related to the Services from time to time. Amendments will be
effective upon eMoby’s posting of such updated Terms at this location or the amended
policies or supplemental terms on the applicable Service. Your continued access or use of the
Services after such posting constitutes your consent to be bound by the Terms, as amended.
Our collection and use of personal information in connection with the Services is as provided
in eMoby’s Privacy Policy located at www.emoby.co.za/legal. eMoby may provide to a
claims processor or an insurer any necessary information (including your contact information)
if there is a complaint, dispute or conflict, which may include an accident, involving you and a
Third Party Provider and such information or data is necessary to resolve the complaint,
dispute or conflict.
2. The Services
The Services constitute a technology platform that enables users of eMoby’s mobile
applications or websites provided as part of the Services (each, an “Application”) to arrange
and schedule lease of a vehicle, transportation and/or logistics services with independent third
party providers of such services, including independent third party transportation providers
and independent third party logistics providers under agreement with eMoby or certain of
eMoby’s affiliates (“Third Party Providers”). Unless otherwise agreed by eMoby in a separate
written agreement with you, the Services are made available solely for your personal, noncommercial
use.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT eMoby DOES NOT PROVIDE TRANSPORTATION OR
LOGISTICS SERVICES OR FUNCTION AS A TRANSPORTATION CARRIER AND THAT
ALL SUCH TRANSPORTATION OR LOGISTICS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY
INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTY CONTRACTORS WHO ARE NOT EMPLOYED BY eMoby
OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES.
License.
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, eMoby grants you a limited, non-exclusive,
non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferrable license to: (i) access and use the
Applications on your personal device solely in connection with your use of the Services; and
(ii) access and use any content, information and related materials that may be made available
through the Services, in each case solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Any rights
not expressly granted herein are reserved by eMoby and eMoby’s licensors.
Restrictions.
You may not: (i) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from any portion
of the Services; (ii) reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute,
license, lease, sell, resell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream,
broadcast or otherwise exploit the Services except as expressly permitted by eMoby; (iii)
decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the Services except as may be permitted by
applicable law; (iv) link to, mirror or frame any portion of the Services; (v) cause or launch any
programs or scripts for the purpose of scraping, indexing, surveying, or otherwise data mining
any portion of the Services or unduly burdening or hindering the operation and/or functionality
of any aspect of the Services; or (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to or impair any
aspect of the Services or its related systems or networks.
Provision of the Services.
You acknowledge that portions of the Services may be made available under eMoby’s various
brands or request options associated with transportation or logistics. You also acknowledge
that the Services may be made available under such brands or request options by or in
connection with: (i) certain of eMoby’s subsidiaries and affiliates; or (ii) independent Third
Party Providers, including transportation network company drivers, transportation charter
permit holders or holders of similar transportation permits, authorizations or licenses.
Third Party Services and Content.
The Services may be made available or accessed in connection with third party services and
content (including advertising) that eMoby does not control. You acknowledge that different
terms of use and privacy policies may apply to your use of such third party services and
content. eMoby does not endorse such third party services and content and in no event shall
eMoby be responsible or liable for any products or services of such third party providers.
Additionally, Apple Inc., Google, Inc., or Microsoft Corporation and/or their applicable
international subsidiaries and affiliates will be third-party beneficiaries to this contract if you
access the Services using Applications developed for Apple iOS, Android, or Microsoft
Windows mobile devices, respectively. These third party beneficiaries are not parties to this
contract and are not responsible for the provision or support of the Services in any manner.
Your access to the Services using these devices is subject to terms set forth in the applicable
third party beneficiary’s terms of service.
Ownership.
The Services and all rights therein are and shall remain eMoby’s property or the property of
eMoby’s licensors. Neither these Terms nor your use of the Services convey or grant to you
any rights: (i) in or related to the Services except for the limited license granted above; or (ii)
to use or reference in any manner eMoby’s company names, logos, product and service
names, trademarks or services marks or those of eMoby’s licensors.
3. Your Use of the Services
User Accounts.
In order to use most aspects of the Services, you must register for and maintain an active
personal user Services account (“Account”). You must be at least 18 years of age, or the age
of legal majority in your jurisdiction (if different than 18), to obtain an Account. Account
registration requires you to submit to eMoby certain personal information, such as your name,
address, mobile phone number and age, as well as at least one valid payment method (either
a credit card or accepted payment partner). You agree to maintain accurate, complete, and
up-to-date information in your Account. Your failure to maintain accurate, complete, and upto-
date Account information, including having an invalid or expired payment method on file,
may result in your inability to access and use the Services or eMoby’s termination of these
Terms with you. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Account, and you
agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your Account username and password at all
times. Unless otherwise permitted by eMoby in writing, you may only possess one Account.
User Requirements and Conduct.
The Service is not available for use by persons under the age of 18. You may not authorize
third parties to use your Account, and you may not allow persons under the age of 18 to lease
a vehicle or receive transportation or logistics services from Third Party Providers unless they
are accompanied by you. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Account to any other
person or entity. You agree to comply with all applicable laws when using the Services, and
you may only use the Services for lawful purposes (e.g., no transport of unlawful or hazardous
materials). You will not, in your use of the Services, cause nuisance, annoyance,
inconvenience, or property damage, whether to the Third Party Provider or any other party. In
certain instances, you may be asked to provide proof of identity to access or use the Services,
and you agree that you may be denied access to or use of the Services if you refuse to provide
proof of identity.
Text Messaging.
By creating an Account, you agree that the Services may send you text (SMS) messages as
part of the normal business operation of your use of the Services. You may opt-out of receiving
text (SMS) messages from eMoby at any time by following the directions found at
www.emoby.co.za/unsubscribe. You acknowledge that opting out of receiving text (SMS)
messages may impact your use of the Services.
Promotional Codes.
eMoby may, in eMoby’s sole discretion, create promotional codes that may be redeemed for
Account credit, or other features or benefits related to the Services and/or a Third Party
Provider’s services, subject to any additional terms that eMoby establishes on a per
promotional code basis (“Promo Codes”). You agree that Promo Codes: (i) must be used for
the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner; (ii) may not be duplicated, sold
or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a
public form or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by eMoby; (iii) may be disabled by
eMoby at any time for any reason without liability to eMoby; (iv) may only be used pursuant
to the specific terms that eMoby establishes for such Promo Code; (v) are not valid for cash;
and (vi) may expire prior to your use. eMoby reserves the right to withhold or deduct credits
or other features or benefits obtained through the use of Promo Codes by you or any other
user in the event that eMoby determines or believes that the use or redemption of the Promo
Code was in error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the applicable Promo Code terms or
these Terms
User Provided Content.
eMoby may, in eMoby’s sole discretion, permit you from time to time to submit, upload,
publish or otherwise make available to eMoby through the Services textual, audio, and/or
visual content and information, including commentary and feedback related to the Services,
initiation of support requests, and submission of entries for competitions and promotions
(“User Content”). Any User Content provided by you remains your property. However, by
providing User Content to eMoby, you grant eMoby a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable,
transferrable, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create
derivative works of, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise exploit in any
manner such User Content in all formats and distribution channels now known or hereafter
devised (including in connection with the Services and eMoby’s business and on third-party
sites and services), without further notice to or consent from you, and without the requirement
of payment to you or any other person or entity.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User
Content or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases necessary to grant eMoby the
license to the User Content as set forth above; and (ii) neither the User Content nor your
submission, uploading, publishing or otherwise making available of such User Content nor
eMoby’s use of the User Content as permitted herein will infringe, misappropriate or violate a
third party’s intellectual property or proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result
in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
You agree to not provide User Content that is defamatory, libellous, hateful, violent, obscene,
pornographic, unlawful, or otherwise offensive, as determined by eMoby in its sole discretion,
whether or not such material may be protected by law. eMoby may, but shall not be obligated
to, review, monitor, or remove User Content, at eMoby’s sole discretion and at any time and
for any reason, without notice to you.
Network Access and Devices.
You are responsible for obtaining the data network access necessary to use the Services.
Your mobile network’s data and messaging rates and fees may apply if you access or use the
Services from a wireless-enabled device and you shall be responsible for such rates and fees.
You are responsible for acquiring and updating compatible hardware or devices necessary to
access and use the Services and Applications and any updates thereto. eMoby does not
guarantee that the Services, or any portion thereof, will function on any particular hardware or
devices. In addition, the Services may be subject to malfunctions and delays inherent in the
use of the Internet and electronic communications.
4. Payment
You understand that use of the Services may result in charges to you for the services or goods
you receive from a Third Party Provider (“Charges”). After you have received services or
goods obtained through your use of the Service, eMoby will facilitate your payment of the
applicable Charges on behalf of the Third Party Provider as such Third Party Provider’s limited
payment collection agent. Payment of the Charges in such manner shall be considered the
same as payment made directly by you to the Third Party Provider. Charges may include other
applicable fees, and/or surcharges including a booking fee, national, provincial and municipal
fees or fines, airport surcharges and processing fees for split payments, and will be inclusive
of applicable taxes where required by law. Charges paid by you are final and non-refundable,
unless otherwise determined by eMoby.
All Charges are due immediately and payment will be facilitated by eMoby using the preferred
payment method designated in your Account, after which eMoby will send you a receipt by
email. If your primary Account payment method is determined to be expired, invalid or
otherwise not able to be charged, you agree that eMoby may, as the Third Party Provider’s
limited payment collection agent, use a secondary payment method in your Account, if
available.
As between you and eMoby, eMoby reserves the right to establish, remove and/or revise
Charges for any or all services or goods obtained through the use of the Services at any time
in eMoby’s sole discretion. Further, you acknowledge and agree that Charges applicable in
certain geographical areas may increase substantially during times of high demand. eMoby
will use reasonable efforts to inform you of Charges that may apply, provided that you will be
responsible for Charges incurred under your Account regardless of your awareness of such
Charges or the amounts thereof. eMoby may from time to time provide certain users with
promotional offers and discounts that may result in different amounts charged for the same or
similar services or goods obtained through the use of the Services, and you agree that such
promotional offers and discounts, unless also made available to you, shall have no bearing
on your use of the Services or the Charges applied to you. You may elect to cancel your
request for services or goods from a Third Party Provider at any time prior to such Third Party
Provider’s arrival, in which case you may be charged a cancellation fee.
This payment structure is intended to fully compensate the Third Party Provider for the
services or goods provided. eMoby does not designate any portion of your payment as a tip
or gratuity to the Third Party Provider. Any representation by eMoby (on eMoby’s website, in
the Application, or in eMoby’s marketing materials) to the effect that tipping is “voluntary,” “not
required,” and/or “included” in the payments you make for services or goods provided is not
intended to suggest that eMoby provides any additional amounts, beyond those described
above, to the Third Party Provider. You understand and agree that, while you are free to
provide additional payment as a gratuity to any Third Party Provider who provides you with
services or goods obtained through the Service, you are under no obligation to do so.
Gratuities are voluntary. After you have received services or goods obtained through the
Service, you will have the opportunity to rate your experience and leave additional feedback
about your Third Party Provider.
Repair or Cleaning Fees.
You shall be responsible for the cost of repair for damage to, or necessary cleaning of, Third
Party Provider vehicles and property resulting from use of the Services under your Account in
excess of normal “wear and tear” damages and necessary cleaning (“Repair or Cleaning”). In
the event that a Third Party Provider reports the need for Repair or Cleaning, and such Repair
or Cleaning request is verified by eMoby in eMoby’s reasonable discretion, eMoby reserves
the right to facilitate payment for the reasonable cost of such Repair or Cleaning on behalf of
the Third Party Provider using your payment method designated in your Account. Such
amounts will be transferred by eMoby to the applicable Third Party Provider and are nonrefundable.
5. Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity.
DISCLAIMER.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” eMoby DISCLAIMS ALL
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, NOT
EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN ADDITION, eMoby MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR
GUARANTEE REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY OR
AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR GOODS REQUESTED
THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. eMoby DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY,
SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. YOU AGREE THAT
THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND ANY SERVICE
OR GOOD REQUESTED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, REMAINS SOLELY WITH YOU,
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
eMoby SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA,
PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE RELATED TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR
OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF eMoby HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. eMoby SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LIABILITY OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF: (i) YOUR USE
OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICES OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE
SERVICES; OR (ii) ANY TRANSACTION OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND ANY
THIRD PARTY PROVIDER, EVEN IF eMoby HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES. eMoby SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAY OR FAILURE IN
PERFORMANCE RESULTING FROM CAUSES BEYOND eMoby’s REASONABLE
CONTROL. IN NO EVENT SHALL eMoby’s TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SERVICES FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED
FIVE THOUSAND RAND (R5000).
eMoby’s SERVICES MAY BE USED BY YOU TO REQUEST AND SCHEDULE
TRANSPORTATION, GOODS OR LOGISTICS SERVICES WITH THIRD PARTY
PROVIDERS, BUT YOU AGREE THAT eMoby HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY
TO YOU RELATED TO ANY TRANSPORTATION, GOODS OR LOGISTICS SERVICES
PROVIDED TO YOU BY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET
FORTH IN THESE TERMS.
THE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMER IN THIS SECTION 5 DO NOT PURPORT TO LIMIT
LIABILITY OR ALTER YOUR RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify and hold eMoby and its officers, directors, employees and agents
harmless from any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) arising out of or in connection with: (i) your use of the Services or services or
goods obtained through your use of the Services; (ii) your breach or violation of any of these
Terms; (iii) eMoby’s use of your User Content; or (iv) your violation of the rights of any third
party, including Third Party Providers.
6. Lost Property
You understand and agree that it is your responsibility to ensure that you remove your property
from the vehicle of a Third Party Provider when disembarking. Should you leave your property
in the vehicle of a Third Party Provider, the Third Party Provider may hand over your property
to you, eMoby or to the eMoby local service entity.
Whilst you may expect Third Party Providers to hand over your property to you, the offices of
eMoby or the eMoby local service entity, eMoby or the eMoby local service entity shall not
be held liable in the event of the Third Party Provider not handing over your property as
expected. Moreover, eMoby or the eMoby local service entity shall not be liable for the loss
or damage to your property whilst it is in transit.
Whilst eMoby or the eMoby local service entity will take reasonable steps to establish the
owner of property left in a Third Party Provider’s vehicle if returned to the offices of eMoby or
the eMoby local service entity, when your property is in eMoby’s or the eMoby local service
entity’s possession, you understand and agree that: (i) eMoby or the eMoby local service
entity will only keep your property in its possession for a maximum period of three months
local service entity; and (ii) should you fail to collect your property from eMoby or the eMoby
local service entity before the expiry of the three month period stipulated, eMoby or the eMoby
local service entity will be entitled to deal with your property as it deems fit and you shall have
no claim whatsoever against eMoby or the eMoby local service entity in respect of your
unclaimed property.
7. Governing Law; Arbitration.
Except as otherwise set forth in these Terms, these Terms shall be exclusively governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of The Republic of South Africa, excluding its rules
on conflicts of laws. The Vienna Convention on the International Sale of Goods of 1980 (CISG)
shall not apply. Any dispute, conflict, claim or controversy arising out of or broadly in
connection with or relating to the Services or these Terms, including those relating to its
validity, its construction or its enforceability (any “Dispute”) shall be first mandatorily submitted
to mediation proceedings under the International Chamber of Commerce Mediation Rules
(“ICC Mediation Rules”). If such Dispute has not been settled within sixty (60) days after a
request for mediation has been submitted under such ICC Mediation Rules, such Dispute can
be referred to and shall be exclusively and finally resolved by arbitration under the Rules of
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC Arbitration Rules”). The ICC
Rules’ Emergency Arbitrator provisions are excluded. The Dispute shall be resolved by one
(1) arbitrator to be appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules. The place of both mediation
and arbitration shall be Pretoria, South Africa. The language of the mediation and/or arbitration
shall be English, unless you do not speak English, in which case the mediation and/or
arbitration shall be conducted in both English and your native language. The existence and
content of the mediation and arbitration proceedings, including documents and briefs
submitted by the parties, correspondence from and to the International Chamber of
Commerce, correspondence from the mediator, and correspondence, orders and awards
issued by the sole arbitrator, shall remain strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed to any
third party without the express written consent from the other party unless: (i) the disclosure
to the third party is reasonably required in the context of conducting the mediation or arbitration
proceedings; and (ii) the third party agrees unconditionally in writing to be bound by the
confidentiality obligation stipulated herein.
8. Other Provisions
The Claims of Copyright Infringement.
Claims of copyright infringement should be sent to eMoby’s designated agent. Please visit
eMoby’s web page at www.emoby.co.za/legal for the designated address and additional
information.
Notice.
eMoby may give notice by means of a general notice on the Services, electronic mail to your
email address in your Account, or by written communication sent to your address as set forth
in your Account. You may give notice to eMoby by written communication to eMoby’s email
address at lawrence@eMoby.co.za.
General.
You may not assign or transfer these Terms in whole or in part without eMoby’s prior written
approval. You give your approval to eMoby for it to assign or transfer these Terms in whole
or in part, including to: (i) a subsidiary or affiliate; (ii) an acquirer of eMoby’s equity, business
or assets; or (iii) a successor by merger. No joint venture, partnership, employment or agency
relationship exists between you, eMoby or any Third Party Provider as a result of the contract
between you and eMoby or use of the Services.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in
part, under any law, such provision or part thereof shall to that extent be deemed not to form
part of these Terms but the legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions in these
Terms shall not be affected. In that event, the parties shall replace the illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision or part thereof with a provision or part thereof that is legal, valid and
enforceable and that has, to the greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the illegal, invalid
or unenforceable provision or part thereof, given the contents and purpose of these Terms.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to
its subject matter and replaces and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or
undertakings regarding such subject matter. In these Terms, the words “including” and
“include” mean “including, but not limited to.”
9. Refund Policy
If you choose to rent per hour, day, week or month, and the vehicle is returned prematurely,
a 50% of the remaining time will be refunded.
If you would like to request a price adjustment or refund or otherwise have a complaint about
your vehicle, please submit your request or complaint to www.emoby.co.za/legal within thirty
(30) days of the ride in question. The decision to review any submission made after 30 days
will be in eMoby’s sole discretion.
For any request or complaint, eMoby will address it in the manner that eMoby, in its sole
discretion, deems appropriate, which may include, but is not limited to taking no action, issuing
credits to your eMoby account in the form of refunding the method of payment associated
with your account.
10. Cancellation Policy
You can cancel a trip at any time before or after you’ve booked a vehicle, but in some
situations, you may be charged a fee.
Cancellation fees do not apply: If your vehicle is unavailable for more than 45min from the
vehicle collection time chosen at the time of booking, or if you choose to rent a vehicle per
minute.
You will always be shown the exact fee when you cancel a trip before you confirm your
cancellation.
Repeat cancellations: To keep the app running smoothly for everyone, you may be charged
a penalty when you cancel trips more than once in a short period of time.