Armor VPN PRIVACY POLICY
Modified: June 05, 2020
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Armor VPN’s Service. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) is displayed (collectively, together with the Service granted, our “Service”).
This Privacy Policy describes what information is collected by us from any user of our Service (collectively or individually "User(s)"), as well as our use and disclosure of that information.
This Policy generally describes the information that we gather from you on the Service, the ways in which we use and disclose this information, and the steps we take to protect this information. By using the Service, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.
This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Armor VPN Terms of Use. Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Policy have the meaning given to them in the Armor VPN Terms of Use.
OUR COMMITMENT TO USER PRIVACY
Except as explained in this Policy, Armor VPN does not collect any Personal Information about you when you use the Service. “Personal Information,” also referred to as personally identifiable information, is information that may be tied to a specific individual. Examples of Personal Information include name, email address, mailing address, mobile
            phone number, and credit card or other billing information. Please note, however, that for purposes of this Privacy Policy, Armor VPN does not include your IP address or unique device identifier within the definition of Personal Information. Armor VPN’s practices regarding IP address and unique device identifiers are described separately in this Policy. If you purchase Armor VPN Subscription Service, you will be required to provide certain Personal Information to a third party Payment Processor (Such as Apple Payment Process). The Personal Information you provide in connection with your purchase of the Subscription Service of Armor VPN is not associated with your online activities when you use Armor VPN.
Additionally, when you use the Service, Armor VPN will check your account information (which includes Personal Information) to determine the level of service you have signed up for before establishing your VPN connection. Your account information is not associated with your online activities when using Armor VPN.
OUR COMMITMENT TO WEB SECURITY
Armor VPN employs certain techniques and technologies intended to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please note that the Service does not protect your computer from viruses or malware. We recommend that you obtain and use anti-virus/anti-malware solutions and keep them up to date.
THE INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
User-provided Information. In connection with the Service (such as in user forums or when registering for an account), you may provide us with various information, including Personal Information. You may also submit Personal Information in connection with purchasing Armor VPN Subscription Service, which is collected through a company providing a payment mechanism (e.g., a payment processor, Apple’s iTunes, or a similar means of payment) (each, a “Payment Processor”) and is retained by the Payment Processor. You may also provide us with certain email account related information, such as account and credential information, which we use to enable faster sign-in by allowing 
            pre-population of account log-in credentials when you access certain features of our Service. Your Personal Information is not associated with your online activities when you are using Armor VPN it does not require you to provide us with your Personal Information unless you decide to upgrade to Armor VPN Subscription Service or to register for an account.
"Automatically Collected" Information. When you use our Service, we may automatically record certain information from your web browser by using different types of proprietary technology (such as cookies), which may include your IP address or unique device ID. For example, we may collect your IP address when you commence your use of the Service; we do not, however, store logs associating your IP address with your online activities that take place when you are using of the Service. The automatically-collected information is used by Armor VPN only in the aggregate, in truncated form, or in order to generate a “hashed” or “virtual” IP Address. Armor VPN may use automatically-collected information to identify your general location, improve the Service, or optimize advertisements displayed through the Service.
WHEN Armor VPN DISCLOSES INFORMATION
Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose information that we collect in connection with your use of the Service to third parties without your consent. Please remember that, although Armor VPN assigns a unique identifier to each user of the Service, Armor VPN does not tie your unique identifiers to Personal Information about you, and all browsing information or other similar information relating to your online activities transmitted by you to our servers when using Armor VPN is cleared after your VPN “session” is closed.
Armor VPN may disclose any information, including Personal Information provided by you, if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with state, federal, or international laws (such as export control, copyright or criminal laws), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
Armor VPN also reserves the right to disclose any information, including Personal Information provided by you, that we believe in our sole discretion is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS Armor VPN PRIVACY POLICY
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. If we modify this Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed to the current version of this Policy. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you in advance of the change (e.g., through prominent Policy on the Service, via contact information you may have provided to us, or through other reasonable means).