Data Protection
What is the purpose of this policy
This policy explains the methods used by TAPNATION to process your personal data.
The term “
Personal Data
” refers to all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, whether directly or indirectly, especially with reference to an identifier, like a name, an identification number, location data, online identifiers, or one or more specific elements relating to the person’s physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural, or social identity.
Please read this policy carefully, as well as any other document pertaining to the processing of Personal Data which we may make available to you.
TAPNATION, Controller
TAPNATION  determines the purposes and methods for processing your Personal Data, and therefore takes on the role of data controller.
Applicable regulations coNcerning the processing of Personal Data include all current legal and regulatory provisions on the national and European levels, especially (i) the 2016/679 European Regulation on data protection of April 27, 2016 (the “
GDPR
”), (ii) the provisions of French Law no. 78-17 of January 6, 1978, as modified by Law no. 2018-493 of June 20, 2018, (iii), European Directive 2002/58/CE of July 12, 2002, and (iv) the
“Regulations”
(the guidelines, opinions, recommendations, and advice of controlling authorities as well as certifications, agreements, and definitive legal decisions.)
What kind of data do we process?
We process the personal data that you share with us directly, especially through the means of the contact forms that we make available on our website, or in the course of written or spoken communications.
The Personal Data that we process includes:
your name;
your e-mail address;
characteristics of your team;
information pertaining to your past experience with games and SDKs;
information about coding language;
your CV, if you submitted one with your application, etc.
On what basis and to what end does TAPNATION process your Personal Data?
TAPNATION only processes your Personal Data when strictly necessary for the objectives described below, on the following legal bases:
Legal bases
Objectives
Your consent
o   Reviewing your game project and considering it for publication
o   Sending informational letters or commercial offers pertaining to TAPNATION, and JamNation, or event invitations
o   Carrying out marketing, sales, or canvassing operations that are tailored to your needs
Fulfilling contracts
o   Fulfilling contractual and pre-contractual obligations
o   Offering services that meet your expectations
Our legitimate interests in recruiting qualified talent
o   Processing your application and making an offer that matches your profile
TAPNATION will only use your Personal Data for the objectives listed above, unless the company deems that there is a reason to process your Personal Data for purposes that are compatible with these original objectives. In any case, TAPNATION will inform you about potential further objectives.
Who are the recipients of your Personal Data?
TAPNATION will only share your Personal Data with a limited list of people, and will only do so within the scope of their responsibilities and the objectives listed above.
This means that your Personal Data will only be shared with TAPNATION’s internal
marketing
or recruitment staff, and TAPNATION’s sub-contractors.
TAPNATION ensures that these recipients carry out the appropriate security and confidentiality measures in order to comply with this policy. Sub-contractors are not authorized to process your Personal Data for purposes other than those listed in article 4.
This data may also be shared with the relevant authorities in order to respond to legal or administrative requirements.
Is your Personal Data transferred outside of the EU?
Your Personal Data is stored in France.
However, TAPNATION may occasionally need to transfer personal data outside of the EU, in which case it will only do so in a secure manner, in compliance with applicable laws.
Certain countries do not have laws regulating the use or transfer of personal data: in these cases, we will take all necessary measures in order to ensure that the relevant third parties comply with the conditions described in this policy. These measures may include verifying the norms applied by these third parties with regard to security and the protection of personal data, and/or signing the appropriate contracts.
What security measures does TAPNATION implement?
TAPNATION implements technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data from being destroyed, altered, or lost, and from its accidental or unauthorized disclosure.
These measures continue to evolve in order to best ensure the protection, security, integrity, and confidentiality of your Personal Data.
How long does TAPNATION store your Personal Data?
TAPNATION only stores your Personal Data for the length of time that is strictly necessary for accomplishing the objectives described above.
However, data that can be used to establish proof of a right or a contract, which needs to be stored to comply with legal obligations, will be stored for the duration of time determined by the applicable law.
Your Personal Data may be stored for a duration of three (3) years starting from the end of the business relationship or the last contact you initiate.
When you subscribe to our newsletter, TAPNATION stores your contact data until you unsubscribe (which you can do using the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each e-mail).
What are your rights, and how can you exercise them?
You have the following rights concerning the processing of your Personal Data by TAPNATION:
Right of access and information:
your have the right to be informed, in a concise, transparent, comprehensible, and easily accessible manner, about how your Personal Data is processed. You also have the right to obtain (i) confirmation of whether or not TAPNATION is processing your Personal Data, and, if applicable, (ii) the right to access all of your Personal Data and to receive a copy of it.
Right of rectification:
if you deem that your Personal Data is incomplete or erroneous, you have the right to request that TAPNATION rectify your data, which company will do as soon as possible.
Right to erasure
: in certain cases, you may ask TAPNATION to erase your Personal Data (“right to be forgotten”); however, this is not an absolute right, as in some cases, TAPNATION may have legal or legitimate reasons to continue to store your Personal Data.
Right to restrict processing:
in certain cases, as listed in article 18 of the GDPR, you may ask TAPNATION to restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
Right to data portability:
you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. As a result, you are free to transmit your Personal Data to any recipient you choose, and TAPNATION cannot oppose your decision. However, this right only applies if the processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract, and as long as the processing is done using automated processes.
The right to oppose:
if your Personal Data is processed on the basis of TAPNATION’s legitimate interests, you have the right to oppose its processing. TAPNATION will cease processing your Personal Data, unless there is a legitimate basis justifying its continued processing. You also have the right to oppose the processing of your Personal Data for commercial marketing purposes at any time. Finally, you have the right to unsubscribe from our newsletter by clicking on the
“Unsubscribe”
link at the bottom of each newsletter.
Submitting a claim:
you always have the right to submit a claim with the French Information Technology and Freedoms Commission (CNIL).
Defining posthumous directives:
these directives, which you can revoke at any time, can govern the way in which your Personal Data is stored, deleted, or shared by designating a person responsible for carrying them out:
in the case of general instructions, you can share them with a digital confidentiality provider certified by the CNIL.
In the case of specific directives, you can share them directly with TAPNATION.
If you wish to exercise any or all of your rights, or for further information, please send a request to TAPNATION along with a copy of an identity document so that we can verify your identity:
e-mail: contact@tap-nation.io ;
mailing address: TAPNATION, 9 rue Anatole de la Forge, 75017 Paris.
You will receive a response wiThin one (1) month from the date of receipt of your request.
Any questions?
Please address any questions about TAPNATION’s privacy and Personal Data policy to the following address: contact@tap-nation.io.
Modifications to the policy
TAPNATION reserves the right to modify the present policy at any time, especially in compliance with applicable laws and regulations as well as the recommendations, advice, and decisions of the CNIL, the European Data Protection Committee, and the French and European jurisdictions.
Last update: June 6, 2022.
Publisher
The website
https://www.tap-nation.io/
(hereafter “the
Website
“) is published by TAPNATION, a simplified joint-stock company with a capital of 2,423 euros, with headquarters at 9 rue Anatole de la Forge, 75017 Paris, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under the number 845 232 974.
E-mail address: contact@
tap-nation.io
.
TVA: FR12845232974
SIREN: 845232974
Publishing director
The Website’s publishing director is: Mr. Hervé MONTOUTE.
Site Host
The Website is hosted by OVH, headquartered at 2 rue Kellermann, 59100 Roubaix, France.
Telephone number: +33 09 55 00 66 33.
“Your data is only processed in accordance with the objectives described in our
Data Protection Policy
[
hyperlink to the Data Protection Policy
] and in order to send TapNation’s newsletters. You can click on the unsubscribe link in the newsletters at any time.”