Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy governs the Websites and Services made available online by 37Games (collectively "37Games" or "We") for use on mobile devices, tablets, personal computers and other devices. By accessing or using any of the Websites or Services, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes what information 37Games collects from users; how such information is used and stored; when such information may be disclosed to third parties; how users, parents, and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information; and how information is protected. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU USE OUR SERVICES OR WEBSITES.
For matters not covered herein, you may refer to our TERMS OF USE (https://gpassport.37games.com/center/ServicePrivacy/service). If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at global.support@37games.com.
Please kindly be noted that this Privacy Policy does not apply to such online activities outside 37Games’ websites and games, and meanwhile we cannot control the activities on other websites. Also, we highly recommend that you read the privacy policy of any third party website you may be directed to before providing any personally identifiable information.
If you are a user from outside the European countries, the personal information you provide may be transferred to, stored, and processed within the European countries or other countries where 37Games maintains facilities or business operations.
Your use of 37Games’ online products or services indicates that you assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our websites or other 37Games’ products or services. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change on our websites or in this Privacy Policy and, if necessary, give you additional choices regarding such change prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the websites or other 37Games’ products or services will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Please kindly be noted that you are free to decide whether to provide your personal information to us or not, but disagreement on your side, to some degree, may adversely affect your user experience of our service.
Content
1. What is the Scope of this Privacy Policy?
37Games publishes and operates games both on web and mobile devices. 37Games, including its affiliates, subsidiaries or other entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with 37Games will be referred to as "37Games", "we", "our" or "us" in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy shall apply when you access and use our Services and Websites, including any websites, games, applications, domains owned or controlled by 37Games.
2. What information do we collect directly from you?
A: While using and accessing the Websites and Services, you may be required to provide some of your personal information to us. The personal information will be used for the purpose as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you are required to register an Account for the use and access of our Websites and Services, you may be required to provide information like:
• a username; and
• a password.
Sometimes you may want to create some personal features in the Websites or Services, in this situation, you may need to provide information like:
• your email address;
• your gender;
• biographic details (like your age or age range);
• approximate location information that you provide;
• links to your profiles on various social network;
• details about the games you play; and
• a player ID number that is created by 37Games and used to identify your profile
Some of the information will be publicly accessible in default on the Websites and Services if you choose to create the personal features, including without limitation:
• Your player ID; and,
• Your player profile photo.
You can go to the privacy setting page of each Websites and Services for more information on the privacy settings.
If you are a child as defined by applicable law, e.g., you are under 13 in the United States or under 16 in EEA, we may be required to get the consent of your legal representative (e.g. parents) before we may collect and use your personal information under relevant law. For this purpose, we need to collect your legal representative
’
s email address to send the
vitrification
email.
3. Where do we collect information from you?
A: We may collect, process and store users’ personal information globally, but mainly from countries and regions where our important business target places fall in, including Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, the Republic of Korea, and European countries and regions.
When you use our service, depends on what the specific service scenario (such as when you register the user account for our platforms and/games, to subscribe our new games, etc.) is, we may require your email address, telephone/mobile phone number your address, gender, etc.  in some
te
rritories, and users who locate in European and American countries or regions do not need to provide phone/mobile number, or address information to us. For all users we may collect your IP address while you are using our service, but please be assured that we will not use your personal information that we received from you without your prior consent or beyond the scope that you consent to, or to utilize your personal information in combination with other information.
4. What type of information do we collect from you?
A: According to information categories, we may collect the following information from you:
Sometimes we will collect some technical and automated information if you access or use our Websites and Services. Information collected, for example:
·
Cookies:
We may use cookies for the purpose including (1) keeping you in the log-in session or ensuring your transactions proceed successfully; (2) analyzing how customers use the Websites and Services, the performance of the Websites and Services (on an anonymous basis); (3) promoting our Services and Websites.
As the above mentioned, we may need cookies to provide our service to you. Though closing cookies cannot prevent you from utilizing our service, but please kindly be noted that you may found that you cannot use certain functions, such as automatic login and language settings.
·
Some automated information:
• IP addresses;
• the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
• your operating system version;
• your device identifier, such as
Google
Adver
tising ID (GAID) or Identifier
f
or Advertising (IDFA),
but only if you affirmatively allow us to collect them.
• your browser types;
• your browser language;
• referring and exit pages, and URLs;
• platform type;
• the number of clicks on a page or feature;
• domain names;
• landing pages;
• pages viewed and the order of those pages;
• the amount of time spent on particular pages; and
• game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games.
The above information may be associated with your social network ID, your ID on third party platform or your ID in the Services and Websites.
When you register, login, or top-up, your IP address may be collected by us, and we will only use it for statistical analysis, such as to determine whether certain channel is cheating in user numbers, or to analyze the source of users.
·
Payment Information
You may be provided the opportunity to purchase Virtual Currency or Virtual Items in our Websites and Services. To complete purchase transactions, our
third-party payment processors may collect payment information from you, including your postal address, e-mail address and financial information (i.e. card number, passwords). We will not store your financial information. If you conduct the transaction on a third party platform, you need to read the privacy policy of such third party carefully because your payment through such third party may be governed by such policies.
·
Other information:
If you access the Websites and Services via a mobile device, we may also collect information like:
• Your country; and,
• Your approximate location information.
By using our Websites and Services, you may be provided ability to communicate with other players, including:
• participating in forums and message boards;
• posting public comments to other players or game boards;
• sending private messages or invitations to other players, either directly on our websites or to their e-mail accounts;
• chatting with other players; and/or
• posting photos or drawings.
The communication and information you generated by using the above functions will be stored and maintained by us for the safety and well-being of you and the rights and interests of us.
If you communicate with our customer services team, we may also record information including your ID, your in-game activities, your communication with us and anything else that you share with us.
If you submit your mobile telephone number or other identifier associated with your communication devices for us to provide you services like text messages, the information you provided will be recorded.
5. What Information do we collect from social network operators or any third party platform?
A: If you access or use our Websites or Services via social network operators or a third party, we may receive some information about you automatically depending on (1) the Websites or Services you are accessing or using; (2) the policy and terms of the social network operators and such third party platform; (3) your privacy settings; and (4) your friend’s privacy settings.
Examples of information that may be collected:
• your social network ID number or the ID number on the third party platform;
• the social network ID numbers or the ID number on the third party platform and other public data for your friends;
• the login e-mail you provided to that social network or the third party platform when you registered with it;
• your physical location and that of the devices you use to access our Services or Websites;
• your gender;
• your birthday and/or age range;
• other publicly-available information on the social network or the third party platform; and/or
• any other information that you or the social networks or the ID number on the third party platform shared with 37Games.
You can go to the social network or the third party platforms for more information on the privacy settings.
When you use our services via third party accounts, we may collect you third party account name of such third party account. As for your friends list and/or email address etc., which are linked with such third party account, will subject to your decision to privacy policy of such third party platform.
Whether you access or use our Websites or Services through social network operators or third parties, you have the option to connect some of your social network accounts with our services. If you choose to do so, the connected social networks may provide us with your account name, ID, or token (depending on the specific social networks you connect with us). We may also send you messages related to our services via the connected social networks. You can disconnect your social network accounts from our services at any time. Please refer to each social network for detailed instructions on how to disconnect.
6. What if you do not agree to provide certain information to us, or you do not consent to our processing, transmitting and/or storing of your personal information?
A: Please kindly be noted that, in provision of service, we will need some of your personal information to proceed our service, and absence or delay in providing such information may prevent you from using part or all of our service, or adversely affects the user experience of our service. For example, when you subscribe our new games, we may need your mobile phone number to make such subscription, otherwise you might not subscribe the new game successfully; and you may need to provide your mobile phone number to us when you file an account appeal due to that you have forgot your password or other reasons, absence or delay in provision of such information may prolong our handling time of your account appeal. To learn more scenarios where we will require your information, we strongly recommend that you read this Privacy Policy carefully and comprehensively.
7. Do we share your information we collected from you with third parties platforms?
A: For the operation of our Websites and Services, we may need to engage third parties to provide hosting, payment, analysis, email or other services, to help us improve and provide our Websites and Services, therefore we may disclose your information with such contractors. We will contractually bind the contractors comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations and to use the information solely on our behalf.
We may collect and disclose to third parties, your device identifier, but only if you affirmatively allow us to collect them
,
and your IP address, for analysis, marketing advertising or other commercial purposes.
We may also disclose your information to a third party under the following circumstances:
• If you provide your consent;
• If you interact with players in our Websites or Services, your ID, a description of your game activity, your posts, your communication and your photo may be disclosed to those players;
• In the event that a proceeding, investigation, or litigation requires disclosure of your information under applicable laws or regulations.
• In case we believe, at our sole discretion, there is a threat to any rights of a third party, the public or us or the possibility of breach of any laws, regulations.
8. How and in what purpose do we use your personal information?
A: In fact, we will only collect your personal information for provision of our service and to improve our service quality for better user experience, for example, we may use your phone/mobile phone number in promoting activities (to send push notifications, to send gifts, etc.). In most cases, we will not share your personal information we collected from you. But your prior approval will be obtained if we need to share your personal information to other third parties beyond the scope that you have consented to.
Our objective in storing and collecting your information is to provide players with a better gaming experience to the players by allowing us:
• to operate, improve and optimize our Services, Websites and our players’ experiences;
• to create your game accounts and allow you to play our games;
• to identify and suggest connections with other players and personalize our Services to you;
• to enable players to communicate with each other;
• to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries;
• to help prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforcing our Terms of Services;
• to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising;
• to notify players of in-game updates, new products or promotional offers;
• to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
• to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; and
• to conduct research.
We may send you promotional information to the email address you provided us.
W
ith you
r
separate consent, we may send
also
you
r
promotional information to
your
email address
we collect from third party platforms in accordance with this Privacy.
If you have left your mobile numbers or identifiers of your communication device, we may send some promotional information to the mobile phone or other communication device.
We will comply with applicable laws, for example, in some jurisdictions you have the right to unsub
scribe such promotional emails
or information at any time.
9. Do we use your personal information for analytical purposes?
A: We will only use your personal information within the purpose of improving our service quality, and we mainly conduct internal and analytical analysis with your personal information (excluding your personal sensitive information), including statistical analysis and thematic activities analysis.
10. Are the push notifications optional?
A: In provision of our service, especially when we promoting our games during certain period, we may send push notifications to your mobile via the mobile number you have provided to us, or through the platform messages to you. You may refuse to receive such mobile notifications through the instructions in each notification content, and you may refuse to receive the platform message from us via settings in our platform. But please kindly be noted that we may inform you of the sever maintenance time of our games, refusing to receive the platform messages may affect your game experience and time arrangement.
11. How do we provide user support service to you?
A: In some cases, we may send emails, or to respond to the in-game inquire you have opened in platform to support you in our service; and only in some regions/countries we may approach you by platform messages or phone/mobile phone. Please be assured that all the information you provide to us for our support, such as through the in-game inquire system (where you can report bugs or feedback your suggestions), will only be utilized within the scope of addressing your problems and improving our service quality.
12. What personal information do we store?
A: We will store the information we collect from you and from third party platforms. However, we will not store your financial information you use to make payment, as such information is directly provided to the payment service providers.
13. How long do we keep your information?
A: We will keep your information as long as reasonable and necessary for providing service to you. Generally, it is life time your use of our service. But in some jurisdictions, we are legally required to keep some information longer. In addition to that, we need to keep the records of your payments (without your financial information), use of virtual currency and items, and consumer service for the period of statute of limitations in your jurisdiction. You may require us to delete your information at any time by email to global.support@37games.com
.
If you are the legal representative of a child who is our user, you may ask us to delete the child
’
s information.
We will respond to your request within one (1) month, but we could not delete the information we are required to retain by applicable law or reasonably necessary for our legitimate interest.
14. How can you control the content you have disclosed to our platforms publicly?
A: Please kindly noted that we may offer BBS, chat rooms and/or in-game chat system in our service, and those are public place that all your disclosed content will be accessible by all users, which may entail risks to some extent. So, in avoidance of any risky activities, we hereby respectively remind you that you might want to think twice when you decided to disclose personal information, especially the personal insensitive information in the public place. As the service provider, we hereby inform you that it is optional to disclose your personal information to the public or not, and you can delete your disclosed content by contacting
global.support@37games.com
.
15. How to reach us if you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy?
A: You can reach us by
global.support@37games.com
and we will respond to you within one (1) month after successfully receipt of your email.
16. What safety measures and schemes have we adopted to assure your information and data protection?
A: To better protect your personal information and data, we have adopted a series of measures internally and externally, such as the following:
1) user password encryption processing when storage;
2) access control of internal data;
3) data is transmitted through the Intranet special line;
4) fortress mechanism;
5) data processing agreement when cooperated with third parties with users’ prior consent.
17. How do we manage and update your information?
A: To manage and update information we collect from a social network operator or any third party, please refer to the setting page of such social network operator or third party.
To manage and update information you send directly to us, visit the setting pages in the Websites or Services.
If you want to access
,
manage or update the information 37Games has about you or have additional questions, e-mail us at global.support@37games.com. We will respond to your request within one (1) month.
If you want to stop us from actively using your information, or delete your information
,
or delete your child
’
s information,
please send an email to global.support@37games.com. We will respond to your request within one (1) month.
If
y
ou want to require a copy of the information 37Games has about you so that you could transfer it to another service provider, please send an email to global.support@37games.com. We will respond to your request within one (1) month.
If you want to stop us from using your dynamic location data, you can go to the settings on your mobile or communication device for the relevant application.
If you want to stop receiving promotional emails, any SMS or pushed information, please e-mail us at global.support@37games.com. Please note your request may take up to 3 work days to be processed in our system during which time you may continue to receive emails.
If you want to stop us from using your cookies, you can go to the setting pages of the browser or go to the setting page of flash player. Please note if you stop us from using cookies, you will not be able to enjoy some of the features on the Websites or Services.
18. Do we track signals?
A: Since there is no consensus on how to respond to do not tracking signals (DNS), we do not respond to (DNS) now.
19. What are our suggestions regarding third party?
A: Third-party advertising companies and third-party analytics technologies integrated into our Services may (including SDK [Software Development Kit] and API [Application Program Interfaces] integrations) combine the information they collect in connection with your use of our Services with information they have independently collected over time and/or across different platforms. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. They collect the information directly from you, and we do not share any information we collect from you with the third-party advertising companies or third-party analytics technologies. A list of third parties in our Services as well as how to opt out to the extent applicable can be found at https://gpassport.37games.com/center/ServicePrivacy/customize?keyWord=3rdlist. Our Websites and Services may contain advertising or links to third-party services. If you click on those links, including an advertisement, you will leave our Service and go to the third-party service or site that you selected. If you visit a third-party website or use a third-party service, you should consult that service's or site's privacy policy as your use of third-party sites or services is governed by their privacy policies.
20.What are our policies for children?
A: 37Games does not offer products for purchase by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are
a
child as defined by applicable law in your jurisdiction, you may use and access 37Games Websites and Services only with the permission of a parent or guardian.
37Games respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with the law. If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to 37Games, he or she can contact us via email at global.support@37games.com. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.
21.How to notice the change of our Privacy Policy?
A: We may from time to time make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will tell you and other players by placing a notice on https://gpassport.37games.com/center/ServicePrivacy/privacy or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address we have on file for you prior to the change becoming effective. We may supplement this process by placing notices on game blogs, social network pages, and/or forums and on other Websites. You should periodically check https://gpassport.37games.com/center/ServicePrivacy/privacy and this Privacy Policy for updates.
22.How can you contact us?
A: If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
global.support@37games.com
.
U.S. State Data
Privacy
Laws
Notice
In addition to our privacy policy, we provide the following notice in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, effective January 1, 2023. Additionally, Virginia (effective January 1, 2023), Colorado (effective July 1, 2023), Connecticut (July 1, 2023), and Utah (December 31, 2023) have passed laws extending similar privacy rights to their consumers. We use this notice to make disclosures required by these state laws.
Please note that the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized.
1.
The Categories of Personal Information We Collect
and the Purpose of Collection
PERSONAL IDENTIFIERS, (e.g. user name, password, email address, social media handles, and any open field such as chat records), collected from you (both directly and through your use of our games and services), and Social Media and other third-party accounts, if you choose to link them.
W
e collect such category of your personal information to create a user account for you so that you could accept our service.
PROTECTED CLASSIFICATIONS, (e.g. age/date of birth, gender), collected from you (both directly and through your use of our games and services).
W
e collect such category of your personal information to provide personalized service to you.
COMMERCIAL INFORMATION, (e.g. order details/purchase history, subscriptions, refunds, payments, gifts, unclaimed property information), collected from you (both directly and through your use of our games and services), and our third-party payment processors.
W
e collect such category of your personal information to provide personalized service to you.
ACTIVITY INFORMATION, (e.g. region, activity log, cookies, operating systems and versions, licenses details, forum content, wish list, game-play information, including match data, progress and history, game stats, unlocks), collected from you (both directly and through your use of our games and services), and our affiliates.
W
e collect such category of your personal information to improve our service and provide personalized service to you.
INFERENCES ABOUT A PERSON, (e.g. reputation, experience, influencer type, interests), collected from you (both directly and through your use of our games and services), our affiliates and business partners, and Social Media and other third-party accounts, if you choose to link them.
W
e collect such category of your personal information to provide personalized service to you.
GEOLOCATION DATA, (e.g. coarse geolocation based on IP address, IP address), collected from you (both directly and through your use of our games and services). WE DO NOT COLLECT YOUR PRECISE GEOLOCATION.
W
e collect such category of your personal information to support the functionality of our service.
CONTENT OF COMMUNICATIONS, (e.g. audio, speech to text chat transcription, information submitted in forums, chat, or message boards, communications with customer service), collected from you (both directly and through your use of our games and services).
W
e collect such category of your personal information to improve our service and provide personalized service to you.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION.
T
he only sensitive personal information we may collect from you is
you
r account log-in in combination with password or access code with which you could log into our service. Please note that while we may collect you geolocation data based on your IP address, such geolocation data is approximate, e.g., your city, but not your street, so that it is not sensitive personal information. We will not collect your precise geolocation data, which is sensitive personal information.
W
e collect such sensitive information for the purpose of providing service to you.
.
We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation.
2.
Do Not Sell
or Share My
Personal Information
You have the right to know whether your personal information is being sold. Your personal information is sold when it is shared with a third party in exchange for valuable consideration for a purpose that is not a “business purpose” as set forth in the CCPA. We do not sell your personal information.
You have the right to know whether your personal information is being shared. Sharing means renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal Information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising. We may provide third parties, your device identifier, but only if you affirmatively allow us to collect them
,
and your IP address.
3. Right to Know, Right to Receive, Right to
C
orrect, Right to Delete
You have the right to:
Know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collected and retained about you over the previous 12 months.
Receive a copy of your personal information we retain at the time of your request.
C
orrect your personal information we retain which are inaccurate.
Delete your personal information we retain at the time of your request.
If you want to exercise the above rights, you can contact us with global.support@37games.com. Before providing the required services, we may ask to verify your identity or the identity of your authorized agent.
4.
Right to “Opt-out” of “Sale”
or “Sharing”
You have the right to “opt-out” so that a business can no longer sell your personal information, or transfer or make available of a consumer's personal information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration. We not sell your personal information, so we do not offer an opt out for “Sale”. We may provide third parties, your device identifier, but only if you affirmatively allow us to collect them
,
and your IP address. You may opt-out of such sharing at https://gpassport.37games.com/center/ServicePrivacy/customize?keyWord=3rdlist.
5.
Financial Incentives
You have the right to know the financial incentives, if any, for sharing your personal information we collect. We do not provide any financial incentives to you for sharing your personal information.
6. The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
You have the right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information.
T
he only sensitive personal information we may collect from you is
you
r account log-in in combination with password or access code with which you could log into our service. We do not collect any other sensitive personal information. Regarding the account log-in in combination with password or access code, we will automatically limit its use of them to that which is necessary to perform the services, and we will not disclose such information to third parties, so that
we
are not required to provide a method for submitting a request to limit use or disclosure of such information.
7. No Retaliation
You have the right to avoid any discrimination because your exercise of your rights. We will not deny your access to our service, or provide different prices or qualities of services because you exercise your rights.
Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD) Notice for Brazilian Consumers
This Brazil Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to personal data processing activities under Brazilian law and supplements our Privacy Policy.
Under the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (the “LGPD”), you have the following rights.
I – confirmation of the existence of the processing;
II – access to the data;
III – correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date data;
IV – anonymization, blocking or deletion of unnecessary or excessive data or data processed in noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD;
V – portability of the data to another service provider or product provider, by the means of an express request, pursuant with the regulations of the national authority, and subject to commercial and industrial secrets;
VI – deletion of personal data processed with the consent of the data subject, except in the situations provided in Art. 16 of the LGPD;
VII – information about public and private entities with which we have shared data;
VIII – information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial;
IX – revocation of consent as provided in §5 of Art. 8 of the LGPD.
Our Privacy Policy provides information about how we share data with third parties. YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE STORED ON THE AMAZON WEB SERVICE (AWS), WHOSE DATA CENTERS ARE LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATE OF AMERICA AND SINGAPORE. The reason why we transfer your information to the United State of America and Singapore is that they are where the AWS data centers on which we store the information of Brazilian users are located. For more information about how AWS complies with the LGPD, you can visit
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/compliance/brazil-data-privacy/
.
To request more information about our data practices, you may contact the Data Protection Officer at with global.support@37games.com. You also have the right to petition the National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) by contacting the ANPD directly.
Last Update
October 16
, 2024.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/compliance/brazil-data-privacy/:
Selecione suas preferências de cookies
Usamos cookies essenciais e ferramentas semelhantes que são necessárias para fornecer nosso site e serviços. Usamos cookies de desempenho para coletar estatísticas anônimas, para que possamos entender como os clientes usam nosso site e fazer as devidas melhorias. Cookies essenciais não podem ser desativados, mas você pode clicar em “Personalizar” ou “Recusar” para recusar cookies de desempenho.
Se você concordar, a AWS e terceiros aprovados também usarão cookies para fornecer recursos úteis do site, lembrar suas preferências e exibir conteúdo relevante, incluindo publicidade relevante. Para aceitar ou recusar todos os cookies não essenciais, clique em “Aceitar” ou “Recusar”. Para fazer escolhas mais detalhadas, clique em “Personalizar”.
Aceitar
Recusar
Personalizar
Usamos cookies e ferramentas semelhantes (coletivamente, "cookies") para as seguintes finalidades.
Essenciais
Cookies essenciais são necessários para fornecer nosso site e serviços e não podem ser desativados. Geralmente, eles são definidos em resposta às suas ações no site, como definir suas preferências de privacidade, fazer login ou preencher formulários.
Desempenho
Os cookies de desempenho fornecem estatísticas anônimas sobre como os clientes navegam em nosso site, para que possamos melhorar a experiência e o desempenho do site. Terceiros aprovados podem realizar análises em nosso nome, mas não podem usar os dados para seus próprios propósitos.
Permitir a categoria Desempenho
Permitido
Funcionais
Cookies funcionais nos ajudam a fornecer recursos úteis do site, lembrar suas preferências e exibir conteúdo relevante. Terceiros aprovados podem definir esses cookies para fornecer determinados recursos do site. Se você não permitir esses cookies, alguns ou todos esses serviços talvez não funcionem corretamente.
Permitir a categoria Funcionais
Permitido
Publicidade
Cookies de publicidade podem ser configurados em nosso site por nós ou nossos parceiros de publicidade e nos ajudar a distribuir conteúdo de marketing relevante. Se você não permitir esses cookies, receberá publicidade menos relevante.
Permitir a categoria Publicidade
Permitido
Bloquear alguns tipos de cookies pode afetar sua experiência em nossos sites. Você pode alterar suas preferências de cookies a qualquer momento, clicando em Preferências de cookies no rodapé deste site. Para saber mais sobre como nós e terceiros aprovados usamos cookies em nossos sites, leia nosso
Aviso sobre cookies da AWS.
Exibimos anúncios relevantes aos seus interesses nos sites da AWS e em outras propriedades, incluindo publicidade comportamental em vários contextos. A publicidade comportamental entre contextos usa dados de um site ou aplicação para anunciar para você no site ou aplicação de outra empresa.
Para não permitir a publicidade comportamental entre contextos da AWS baseada em cookies ou tecnologias semelhantes, selecione “Não permitir” e “Salvar opções de privacidade” abaixo ou acesse um site da AWS com um sinal de recusa legalmente reconhecido habilitado, como o Controle Global de Privacidade. Se você excluir seus cookies ou visitar este site usando um navegador ou dispositivo diferente, precisará fazer sua seleção novamente. Para obter mais informações sobre cookies e como os usamos, leia o
Aviso sobre cookies da AWS
.
Anúncios comportamentais em vários contextos
Permitir
Não permitir
Para não permitir todas as outras propagandas comportamentais entre contextos da AWS,
preencha este formulário por e-mail
.
Para obter mais informações sobre como a AWS lida com suas informações, leia a
Notificação de Privacidade da AWS
.
No momento, só armazenaremos cookies essenciais, pois não foi possível salvar suas preferências.
Se você quiser alterá-las, tente novamente mais tarde usando o link no rodapé do Console da AWS ou entre em contato com o suporte se o problema persistir.
Pular para o conteúdo principal
Privacidade de dados do Brasil
A Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados do Brasil ("LGPD") é a principal regulamentação do Brasil voltada para a proteção de dados pessoais. A LGPD se aplica ao tratamento de dados pessoais (definidos como informações referentes a uma pessoa física identificada ou identificável) realizado por pessoas físicas ou jurídicas do setor público ou privado, independentemente dos meios utilizados para o tratamento ou do país em que o controlador ou os dados estejam localizados, desde que: 1) o tratamento seja realizado no Brasil, 2) o tratamento seja destinado à oferta ou fornecimento de bens ou serviços, ou ao tratamento de dados de pessoas localizadas no Brasil, ou 3) os dados pessoais tenham sido coletados no Brasil.
A LGPD estabelece princípios e regras para o processamento de dados pessoais. As organizações devem demonstrar a adoção de medidas capazes de comprovar a conformidade com as regras de proteção de dados pessoais, incluindo a eficácia dessas medidas, exigindo a criação e a aplicação de políticas compatíveis aplicáveis ao processamento de dados pessoais.
Sob a LGPD, os controladores e operadores (conforme definido na LGPD) são obrigados a adotar medidas técnicas e administrativas para proteger os dados pessoais contra acessos não autorizados e situações acidentais ou ilegais de destruição, perda, alteração, comunicação ou qualquer tipo de atividade de tratamento imprópria ou ilegal. Além disso, a LGPD concede à Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados ("ANPD") autoridade para estabelecer padrões técnicos mínimos a serem implementados por controladores e operadores.
A AWS está atenta à privacidade e à segurança dos seus dados. Na AWS, a segurança começa na infraestrutura central. Criada especificamente para a nuvem e projetada para cumprir os requisitos mais rigorosos de segurança do mundo, nossa infraestrutura é monitorada 24 horas por dia, 7 dias por semana para garantir a confidencialidade, a integridade e a disponibilidade dos dados dos clientes. Os mesmos especialistas de segurança de dados que monitoram essa infraestrutura também criam e mantêm nossa ampla seleção de serviços de segurança inovadores, os quais podem ajudar a simplificar o cumprimento de seus próprios requisitos regulatórios e de segurança. Como cliente da AWS, independentemente do seu porte ou da sua localização, você recebe todos os benefícios da nossa experiência, testados de acordo com as mais rigorosas estruturas de garantia de terceiros.
A AWS implementa e mantém medidas de segurança técnica e organizacional aplicáveis a serviços de infraestrutura da Nuvem AWS em estruturas e certificações de garantia de segurança reconhecidas mundialmente, incluindo
ISO/IEC 27001
,
ISO/IEC 27017
,
ISO/IEC 27018
,
PCI DSS Level 1
e
SOC 1, 2 e 3
. Essas medidas de segurança técnica e organizacional são validadas por auditores externos independentes e são projetadas para impedir o acesso não autorizado ao conteúdo de clientes ou a divulgação não autorizada desse conteúdo.
Por exemplo, a certificação ISO 27018 é o primeiro código de práticas internacional que enfatiza a proteção de dados pessoais na nuvem. Ela é baseada no padrão de segurança de informações 27002 e oferece orientações para a implementação dos controles da ISO 27002 aplicáveis a informações de identificação pessoal (PII) processadas por provedores de serviços de nuvem pública. Isso demonstra aos clientes que a AWS implementou um sistema de controles para abordar especificamente a proteção da privacidade do conteúdo desses clientes.
Essas medidas técnicas e organizacionais abrangentes da AWS são consistentes com as metas da LGPD para proteger dados pessoais. Os clientes que usam os serviços da AWS mantêm controle sobre o próprio conteúdo e são responsáveis por implementar medidas de segurança adicionais com base em suas necessidades específicas, incluindo classificação, criptografia, gerenciamento de acesso e credenciais de segurança para o seu conteúdo.
Como a AWS não tem visibilidade ou conhecimento sobre o que os clientes estão carregando em sua rede, incluindo se esses dados estão ou não sujeitos à LGPD, os clientes são essencialmente responsáveis por sua própria conformidade com a LGPD e com os regulamentos relacionados. O conteúdo desta página complementa os
recursos de Privacidade de Dados
existentes para ajudar a alinhar seus requisitos com o
Modelo de Responsabilidade Compartilhada da AWS
quando você processa dados pessoais usando os produtos da AWS.
COMECE A USAR A AWS
Saiba como começar a usar a AWS em minutos
NÍVEL GRATUITO DA AWS
Obtenha experiência prática e gratuita com a AWS por 12 meses
TREINAMENTO DA AWS GRATUITO
Acesse mais de 500 cursos digitais gratuitos em funções, níveis de habilidade e domínios para desenvolver suas habilidades na Nuvem AWS
Dúvidas? Entre em contacto com um representante comercial da AWS
Entre em contato conosco
Está a explorar funções de conformidade?
Inscreva-se hoje »
Quer ficar atualizado sobre a Conformidade da AWS?
Siga-nos no Twitter »
O suporte da AWS para o Internet Explorer termina em 07/31/2022. Os navegadores compatíveis são: Chrome, Firefox, Edge e Safari.
Saiba mais »
Fechar
Computação criptográfica
Cultura de segurança
Segurança de código aberto
Criptografia pós-quântica
Segurança comprovada
Proteção contra ransomware
Confiança zero
Fechar
Cloud Audit Academy
Visão geral da conformidade
Programas de conformidade
Serviços no escopo
Modelo de responsabilidade compartilhada
Fechar
Proteção de dados
Centro de privacidade dos dados
Compromisso de autonomia digital
Fechar
AWS Marketplace
Competência de soberania digital
MSSP
Competência em MSSP
Recursos para parceiros
Competência em segurança
Fechar
Computação confidencial
Histórias de sucesso de clientes
Práticas recomendadas de segurança
Boletins de segurança
Conteúdo de segurança
Aprendizado sobre segurança