Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
PRIVACY &
COOKIES
1. Privacy Statement
Goddiva Ltd utilise the latest in Secure Server Technology to ensure that all personal and transactional information is protected to the highest standards. Goddiva.co.uk knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This notice describes the privacy policy of Goddiva.co.uk. By visiting Goddiva.co.uk, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy Notice.
Goddiva Limited is responsible for the personal data that you share with us. When we say “Goddiva”, “Goddiva.co.uk”, “us”, “our” or “we”, this is who we are referring to. Goddiva Ltd. is the “data controller” for the purposes of applicable data protection laws.
OUR PRIVACY PROMISE
1) We respect your privacy and your choices.
2) We make sure that privacy and security are embedded in everything we do.
3) We will not send you marketing communications unless you have asked us to. You can change your mind at any time.
4) We will never sell your personal data.
5) We are committed to keeping your personal data safe and secure. This includes only working with trusted partners.
6) We are committed to being open and transparent about how we use your personal data.
7) We will not use your personal data in ways that we have not told you about.
8) We respect your rights, and will always try to accommodate your requests as far as is possible, in line with our own legal and operational responsibilities.
2. Your Account
If you use the website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner. Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering. You can access and update much of the information you provided us with in the Your Account (link to the My Account) area of the website. Goddiva Ltd reserves the right to refuse access to the website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content or cancel orders at our discretion. If we cancel an order, it will be without charge to you.
3. Data Protection
Goddiva Ltd is registered data controller under the Data Protection Act 1998. We never make your personal information available to other companies for marketing purposes other than for the marketing of Goddiva products and services.
4. Information that Goddiva collects
When you access and use the Goddiva website, we (or third parties acting on our behalf) may collect certain information from or about you.
This includes personal information you provide when you register an account, send questions or make purchases through the website (for example, your name, date of birth, address, telephone number, e-mail address and payment details) and browsing information about your use of the Goddiva website (such as information about your browser type, the pages of the website that you view, the advertisements you click on, and the search terms that you enter on our website).
We use the personal information and/or browsing information we collect to maintain your registered account, improve this website and serve advertisement on it, process any orders that you place with us, respond to any questions that you raise for research purposes and to contact you (including by e-mail and/or SMS) about Goddiva products and services that we think may interest you.
Please note that we (or third parties acting on our behalf) may use cookies to collect some of this information. Further information about cookies, including how to refuse them, is set out in the "Cookies" section below.
In which context is your personal data collected?
What personal data may we hold about you?
How and why we may use it?
What is our legal basis for processing your personal data?
Personal account creation and management
Where your personal data are collected during the creation or management of an account on Goddiva.co.uk website.
· First name and surname;
Gender;
Email address;
Address;
Phone number;
Photo;
Birthday or age range;
· ID/username, and password;
· Personal description or preferences;
Order details;
· User generated content; and/or
· Other information you have shared with us about yourself (e.g. via your “My Account” page, by contacting us, a question via the chat function/ Contact us form, or by participating in a contest, survey etc.).
To:
Manage your orders;
· Send you marketing communications (where you have asked us to) which may be tailored to your “profile” (i.e. based on the personal data we know about you and your preferences);
· Offer you a loyalty program;
· Offer personalised services based on your characteristics;
· Allow you to manage your preferences;
· Monitor and improve our websites and apps;
· Run analytics or collect statistics;
· Secure our websites and protect you and us against fraud;
· Respond to your questions and otherwise interact with you; and/or
· Manage any competitions, promotions, surveys or contests you enter.
· The performance of a contract – so you can create and manage your account;
· Our legitimate interests: (i) to improve our products and services; (ii) better engage with you; (iii) prevent fraud; and (iv) secure our tools; and
· Consent – so you can receive marketing communications from us.
Newsletter and marketing subscription *
Where your personal data are collected when you subscribe to receive our marketing communications.
· First name and surname;
Email address;
Gender;
Address;
Phone number;
Birthday or age range
· ID/username, and password;
· Personal description or preferences;
Order details;
· Social media profile (where you use your social media login or share this personal data with us);
· User generated content; and/or
· Other information you have shared with us about yourself (e.g. via your “My Account” page, by contacting us, a question via the chat function available on some websites, or by participating in a contest, game, survey etc.).
To :
· We use this information to send you marketing communications (where you have asked us to) about our products and services, invitations to specials sales and notices of new arrivals. We also use this information to tailor our newsletters to reflect your preferences.
· Show you marketing communications on other websites, including social media platforms. Note that you may also see our ads on other websites, including on social media sites, but these may not be tailored to you;
· Keep an up to date suppression list if you have asked not to be contacted;
· Run analytics or collect statistics.
· Consent – so you can receive marketing communications from us; and
· Our legitimate interests: (i) to improve our products and services; and (ii) better engage with you.
Purchases and order management
Where your personal data are collected during the purchase process made on Goddiva.co.uk website.
· First name and surname;
Email address;
Address;
Phone number;
· Personal description or preferences;
· Social media profile (where you use your social media login or share this personal data with us);
· Transaction information including purchased products;
· Payment and information; and/or
Purchase history.
To
· Contact you to finalise your order where you have saved your shopping cart or placed products in your cart without completing the checkout process;
· Inform you when a product you wanted to purchase is available;
· Process your order including delivering the product to the address you indicated;
· Manage payment. Please note that your payment information (credit card number/Paypal/bank account details) are not collected by us directly, but by secure payment service providers;
· Manage any contact you have with us about your order;
· Secure your transactions against fraud. We may use a third party provider’s solution to detect fraud and make sure that payment is completed;
· If you place a purchase using a registered account, we will add this transaction to your profile so we can understand your interests and preferences and you will see a record of your transactions with us within your account (where applicable);
· Manage any dispute relating to a purchase; and/or
· Run analytics or collect statistics.
- Contact can be made via email and/or SMS based on your subscription preferences
· The performance of a contract – so you can make purchase and we can manage the associated logistics.
· Our legitimate interests: (i) to improve our products and services; (ii) better engage with you; (iii) prevent fraud; and (iv) secure our tools.
· To comply with a legal obligation – to keep information we are required to.
Online browsing
Where your personal data are collected by cookies*, web beacons, pixels, ad tags and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks, such as Facebook’s Custom Audience service
or similar technologies when you browse Goddiva.co.uk website or on third-party website where we have cookies.
*cookies are small text files stored on your device (computer, tablet or mobile) when you are on the Internet, including on Goddiva.co.uk website.
Data related to your use of our websites, including:
Where you came from;
Login details;
Pages you looked at;
· Duration of your visit; and/or
· Products you selected to create your basket.
Technical information:
Your IP address;
Browser information;
· Device information; and/or
· Your unique ID which is given to each visitor, and the expiration date of the ID.
We use cookies, together with other personal data you have already shared with us (such as previous purchases, or whether you’re signed up to our email newsletters) for the following purposes:
· To deliver targeted advertising, that is to show you:
o online advertisements for products which may be of interest to you, based on your previous behaviour; and/or
o ads and content on social media platforms or other websites.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the function available on our website (where applicable), or in your browser settings. For opting out of targeted advertising on social media platforms, please visit the relevant social media platform to explore the options they may provide.
· To tailor our services for you, that is to:
o show you recommendations, marketing, or content based on your profile and interests; and/or
o display our websites in a tailored way, for example, show you products we think you might like.
· To allow our websites/apps to function properly, that is to:
o ensure the proper display of content;
o create and remember your shopping cart;
o create and remember your account login details;
o improve our websites/apps, for example, by testing new ideas or layouts.
· To ensure our websites/apps are secure and safe, and to protect you against fraud or misuse of our websites/apps or services, for example through performing troubleshooting.
· To run statistics, that is to:
o avoid visitors being recorded twice;
o know users’ reaction to our advertising campaigns.
o improve our offers; and/or
o understand how you discovered our website.
· To allow sharing of our content on social media.
· Consent – to store cookies on your device.
· Our legitimate interests: (i) to improve our products and services; (ii) better engage with you; and (iii secure our tools.
Promotions
Where your personal data are collected during a competition, game, contest, promotional offer, survey etc.
· First name and surname;
Email address;
Phone number;
Birth day or age range;
Gender;
Address;
· Personal description or preferences;
· User generated content;
· Other information you have shared with us about yourself (e.g. via your “My Account” page, by contacting us, a question via the chat function available on some websites, or by participating in a contest, game, survey etc.).
To:
· Complete tasks that you have asked us to, for example to manage your participation in the promotion, including to take into account your feedback and suggestions;
· Run analytics and statistics;
· Add your participation to your profile so we can understand your interests and preferences.
- Contact can be made via email and/or SMS based on your subscription preferences
· The performance of a contract – so you may entered into the promotion/we can deliver the prize).
· Our legitimate interests: (i) to improve our products and services; and (ii) better engage with you.
User
Generated Content
Where your personal data are collected when you submit content (for example images or ratings and reviews) on one of our websites/social media platforms, or accept our re-use of any content you posted on social media platforms.
· First name and surname or alias;
Email address;
Photo;
· Personal description or preferences;
· Social media profile (where you use your social media login or share this personal data with us); and/or
· Other information you have shared with us about yourself (e.g. via your “My Account” page, by contacting us, or by providing your own content such as photos or a review, or a question via the chat function available on some websites).
To:
· Use the content you have created and/or shared in accordance with the specific terms and conditions accepted by you e.g. to post your review/content and to promote our products;
· Run analytics and statistics; and/or
· Add your content to your profile so we can understand your interests and preferences.
· Consent – to provide you with the service you have requested, for example, so you can upload the content of your choice.
· Our legitimate interests: (i) to improve our products and services; (ii) better engage with you; and (iii) secure our tools and design new features.
Use of websites and devices
Where your personal data are collected as part of your use of our website and/or devices.
First name and surname;
Email address;
Location;
· Birth day and/or age range;
· Personal description or preferences, including characteristics such as skin tone, skin/hair type; and/or
· Application or device usage data.
To:
· Provide you with the service(s) you requested (e.g. enable you to purchase our products);
· Analyse your personal characteristics and recommend appropriate products;
· Conduct research within Goddiva Ltd.;
· Monitor and improve our website and devices; and/or
· Run analytics and statistics.
· Consent – to provide you with the service you have requested, for example, show you recommended products or complete your purchase.
· Our legitimate interests: (i) to improve our products and services; (ii) better engage with you; and (iii) secure our tools.
Enquiries
Where your personal data are collected when you ask questions relating to our brand, our products and their use, or your purchases, account or rights.
First name and surname;
Phone number;
Email address;
· Other information you have shared with us about yourself in relation to your enquiry (which may include welfare and health data).
To:
· Answer and manage your enquiries;
· Run analytics and statistics; and/or
· Add your questions or concerns to your profile so we can understand your interests and preferences.
· The performance of a contract – to respond to your enquiries.
· Our legitimate interests: (i) to improve our products and services; (ii) better engage with you; and (iii) secure our tools.
*
Opt out from receiving marketing messages and newsletters
If you sign up to our newsletter and/or SMS marketing service, or ask us to send it to you, we may keep you informed by email, text or other electronic means about our products and special offers that we think you’ll like.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, or to change your mind at any time.
You can opt out by:
Choosing not to sign up for our newsletter and other marketing offers when you create your account.
Changing your Mailing Me preferences at any time. You can do this in the Personal Details section in My Account, or you can tell us by using our
Contact Us
form (don’t forget to give full name, address and postcode).
Unsubscribing from our newsletters by following the link on the newsletter (every newsletter we send you will include a link to allow you to opt out)
We’ll try our best to process request promptly but it may take a few days for your opt-out or unsubscribe request to be changed.
5. Personal Information
We will treat all your Personal Information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). We will keep it on a secure server and we will fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place. When you shop on this Website, we will ask you to input and will collect Personal Information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information and a password. Your personal information which you are required to provide when you register as a customer is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; and you will notify us immediately of any changes to the Personal Information by contacting us at Customer Support (link). You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorised to use.We may also collect, and our third party providers of advertisements and content may collect, information about where you are on the internet (eg the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.uk and .com), your browser type, the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our website ("User Information"). We may collect this information even if you do not register with us.
You should be aware that this site is being monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. We confirm that any Personal Information which you provide to us (or which is available on public registers) and any User Information from which we can identify you, is held in accordance with the registration we have with the Data Commissioner's Office. We use your information only for the following purposes:
Processing your order
For statistical purposes to improve this website and its services to you.
To serve website content to you.
To administer this website
If you consent, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003. When you create a shopping account while ordering online you will be given the option to receive information from Goddiva.co.uk by post, e-mail or telephone, about products, promotions or special offers which we feel may be of interest to you. In the event that you do not wish to be contacted for such purposes please contact us at Customer Support (link). This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it.
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information we are entitled do so. Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to us at at the email address:
info@goddiva.co.uk
6. How we protect your information
Our sites use up-to-date industry procedures to protect your personal information. We also protect the security of your data during transmission using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption software. We may vary this in the future if we feel you will benefit from greater security whilst using our sites.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you via our sites.
7. KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION
We’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Service team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only. Different retention periods apply for different types of data, however the longest we will normally hold any personal data is 6 years.
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
8. RIGHTS
You have following rights relating to your personal information:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!)
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this through My Account
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through
My Account
, and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time
The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
The right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you need more information or if you want to request any from the above please e-mail info@goddiva.co.uk
9. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Goddiva.co.uk requires all such third parties to treat your personal information as fully confidential and to fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and consumer legislation.
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party – including your name, address, email address or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
However, our sites may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we don’t accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these websites’ privacy policies before you submit any personal information to them.
We could share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement:
Companies that do things to get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, postal/delivery services, and delivery companies.
Professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts, who help us run our business.
Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies, so we can help tackle fraud.
Third parties that assist and help us in providing IT services, such as platform providers, hosting services, maintenance and support on our databases as well as on our software and applications;
Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us), Marketplace sellers where you place an order, and PayPal where you choose to use their payment service.
We may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymised information and analytics about our customers and, before we do so, we will make sure that it does not identify you.
The legal basis for this sharing is our legitimate interests – to improve our products and services; better engage with you; prevent fraud; secure our tools and design new features; and use appropriate suppliers.
10. What are cookies?
When you visit this website we may use cookies to collect certain browsing information about your use of the Goddiva website (Goddiva cookies). From time to time we may collect certain anonymous information about your browsing behaviour on our site in order to improve our service to you. We take your privacy very seriously and the type of information that is collected by us (or by trusted partners on our behalf) is always anonymous and does not include any personally identifiable information. It is also not used for any other purpose. In order to do this, we use technology such as ‘cookies’ which can record what pages you visit on our website or when you purchase an item. Cookies are small data files which are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive, and details of the browsing information that Goddiva collects are described above.
11. Can I opt out of cookies?
You can opt-out of this at any time by clicking on the pop-up's. If you choose to opt-out, a ‘cookie’ will be placed on your computer to indicate that no information is to be collected by us about you, although this will not prevent ads or pop-ups on your computer by other companies. Please note that you would need to repeat this process for each browser and computer that you use. If you delete an opt-out ‘cookie’, you would need to repeat the process again to express your preference.
Both Goddiva and supplier cookies do not store any personal information relating to you or your credit cards.
12. Browser Compatibility
To provide you with the most fulfilling and up to date online experience, this website has been optimised for use with the most popular browsers – Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer (version 6 and above), Microsoft Edge and Netscape 6.
13. Indemnity
You agree fully to identify, defend and hold us, and our Directors, Managers Employees, Agents and Suppliers harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of the Conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this website, or the use by any other person accessing the website using your shopping account and / or your Personal Information.
14. Preventing Online Fraud
If you are using a public or shared computer terminal, we strongly recommend that you do not select “Save My Credit Card Information”. You should only ever select this if your PC is used only by you.
Please be advised that any order that is flagged in our system as a high risk transaction will be temporarily held and additional information requested.
You will be asked to provide documents as proof of your identity and billing address i.e. utility bills, bank statement, drivers license etc..
High risk transactions may include orders with:
High order value
Different billing and shipping address
Unconfirmed address details in Paypal transaction
Goods cannot be dispatched until the requested information is received either by fax or by email.
You will always be notified by email should your order be flagged up on our system to request the above.
15. Termination
Goddiva may at any time terminate or suspend any part of the service without notice to you.
15.1. Cookie law
The rules around cookies have now changed – See how we are helping you...
A new Cookie Regulation officially announced on 20th May 2011 that website owners must gain a visitor’s consent that they will be tracked by cookies on that website.
We wanted to help explain what cookies are, the different types, why Goddiva Ltd use them and how they affect your web experience.
you will get the chance to opt in or out to our cookie policy on any page that you enter the website on – there will be a clear message at the top of the website.
Please note that by disallowing, deleting cookies or not opting into our cookie policy will mean you will be unable to use Goddiva website and make a transactional purchase. You will also find that the functionality of many other websites and services will be affected.
15.2. What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a piece of information which a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer. The browser then saves the information and sends it back to the website server. When that browser returns to the same website the cookie will recognise the user.
A cookie will typically contain details such as the domain from which the cookie has come from, a value which is usually a random unique number as an identifier and the lifetime (expiry) of the cookie.
There are 3 types of cookies used on this website:
Session Cookies: allowing us to “remember” content from page to page (these expire when you leave the website or close the browser).
Persistent Cookies: which define “Time To Live” and help us to determine your preferences (these will expire after the “Time To Live” period)
Third Party Cookies: these are cookies from any other domain, such as recommended product and advertising services.
15.3. What will a cookie do for me?
Almost every website that offers advanced features such as online ordering and custom content utilises cookies. Goddiva.co.uk uses cookies to keep track of items within your shopping basket and to enable us to present you with customized content. Each web site utilises unique cookies, which essentially means that the cookies used by one site cannot be used by another.
15.4. What if I do not accept cookies?
If you choose not to accept a cookie you will not be able to purchase any products online. However, you may still place an order by contacting us by e-mail:
info@goddiva.co.uk
15.5. Why does Goddiva use cookies?
Goddiva wants to provide a good customer experience on the website and here’s an example of how cookies can allow this to happen:
Shopping Experience:
To remember the items that you have added to your basket to make the checkout process easier when you return back to the website.
Content:
Show you relevant content such as product recommends depending on your browser and buyer behaviour.
User Behaviour:
Some analytics to track website visits and clicks for pages visited with hourly transaction volume. This allows us to see how our customers like to use our website and which pages or functions they prefer; this allows us to continually improve our service.
Third Party:
Selected partner cookies which track where the users visit originated from. This allows us to see where their visit originated from, especially advertising on partner sites, present appropriate offers and helps prevent fraud and detect spammers.
15.6. Turning off / disallowing / disabling or deleting cookies:
Majority of internet browsers will provide an option to disallow cookies. You can usually find how to do this in the help menu for your browser. Cookies can also be deleted by using your internet browser, but you must disallow otherwise they will be reapplied the next time you visit a website. Find out more about controlling cookies.
15.7. Controlling Cookies
Your ability to control the cookies you accept depends on the type of browser you are currently using. For the best on-line experience, we recommend you use Internet Explorer 7.0 or higher. You can order your browser to accept all cookies or to alert you each time a cookie is offered. This way you can decide whether to accept one or not.
Internet Explorer 7.0 or 8.0:
Choose ‘Tools’, then click ‘Internet Options’, then ‘Privacy’ tab, and then, under ‘Settings’ move the slider to the top to block all cookies or to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK.
Internet Explorer 9.0:
Choose ‘Tools’, then click ‘Internet Options’, then click ‘Privacy’ tab and click on the ‘Advanced Button’. Now, you can Allow or Block First-Party Cookies and Third-Party Cookies and then click OK.
Firefox 3.6:
Choose ‘Tools’, then ‘Options’, next click the ‘Privacy’ tab, use ‘Custom Settings’ for history check mark ‘Accept Cookies’ from sites to enable Cookies, and uncheck it to disable them. Next, choose how long cookies are allowed to be stored, either: Keep until: they expire, Keep until: I close Firefox, Keep until: ask me every time, then click OK.
Google Chrome:
Click the spanner icon on the browser toolbar, then select ‘Options’ (Preferences on Mac and Linux; Settings on a Chromebook). Then click the ‘Under the Bonnet’ tab. Next, click ‘Content Settings’ in the Privacy sections, and click the ‘Cookies’ tab in the Content Setting dialogue that appears.
Safari:
From the Safari menu, click ‘Preferences’, and then from the ‘Security’ dialogue box, from ‘Accept Cookies’, click to select Always, then click ‘Close’.
Below is a list of the cookies used by Goddiva.co.uk:
Cookie Type
Cookie Name
Description
Purpose
Third Party
__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz
15.8. Google Analytics
Google Analytics uses cookies to define user sessions, as well as to provide a number of key features in the Google Analytics reports. Google Analytics sets or updates cookies only to collect data required for the reports. The Google Analytics tracking for ga.js uses two cookies to establish a session. If either of these two cookies are absent, further activity by the you initiates the start of a new session.
15.9. Will this policy change?
Our business changes constantly and therefore our policies will need to change to reflect that. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you. We will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of user information collected in the past without the consent of affected users.
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions or need any help, please contact us
info@goddiva.co.uk
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our Privacy and Cookies Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy.