Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
We are concerned with the protection of your privacy and this also applies for the handling of your data during your visit of our website.
The handling of your personal data, in particular on which data we collect and analyse and how such data is used, is as follows.
Last Changes to Privacy Policy: November 2024
At Elavon, trust is the foundation of our relationship with customers. We understand your desire for privacy, and we recognize that you trust us with your personal and financial information. This Privacy Policy is designed to describe our privacy practices and principles in a format that is easy to navigate, read and understand. We are dedicated to treating your Personal Information with care and respect.
Online Privacy Policy
U.S. Bank Europe DAC (
“Elavon”, “we”, “us”, or “our“
) has established this Privacy Policy to let you know the kinds of information we may gather on Elavon websites and any applications where this Privacy Policy is posted (
“Site”
or
“Sites”
), how and why we gather the information, what we use the information for, when we might disclose the information, and what rights you have in relation to your Personal Information. Click on the links below to learn more:
What information about me is collected
How we collect information
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered by the Sites and any Personal Information we receive about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, in connection with an application you submit for Services. You might find external links to third party websites on our Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of any third party site, including sites which may be linked to from our Site(s) or any third party sites which link to our Site(s). This Privacy Policy does not apply to your relationship with your customers, your financial service providers or with your other vendors. We recommend that you read their privacy notices and contact them directly if you have any concerns regarding their use of your Personal Information.
If you, the entity you are authorised to represent or the entity that represents you (collectively, “you” or “your”) have previously entered into an agreement with Elavon that governs the provision of card transaction services (the “Agreement”), this Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with that Agreement. In the event this Privacy Policy conflicts with the terms of any the Agreement or other agreement with us in relation to our use of any of your Personal Information, the terms of this Privacy Policy shall take precedence.
By using the Site, you acknowledge that we process your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with how we process your Personal Information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page, and if the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice.
What information about me is collected
The information we collect about you falls into two categories – information you provide to us and information that is automatically collected about you when you use one of our Sites. This information includes Personal Information or Other information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
refers to information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual. The Personal Information you will be required to provide when you communicate with us through our Sites will typically include:
Your name;
postal address,
email address,
device information about your device you use to access the Site,
home and mobile telephone number; and any other Personal Information you provide to us with when you contact us.
Other Information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, a particular individual or business. You could provide Other Information or it could be collected automatically. Examples may include information about your internet browser, demographic data such as city and state, usage information about your use of the Site, additional traffic data such as time and date of access, software crash reports, session identification numbers and access time, and other information regarding your use of the Site.
How we collect information
We collect information from you or about you when you provide this information to us directly. For example, we may obtain information when you request products or services from us, respond to surveys, contact customer support or otherwise interact with us via a Site, or via any of our social media channels.
In addition, when you interact with our Sites, we may collect information through technology, such as cookies. See the Our use of Cookies section below for more detail.
Cookie Policy
Last change to Cookie Policy:
November 2024
This Cookie Policy relates to
www.elavonpayment.com
.
Cookies and trackers are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Online trackers include, but are not limited cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, and other similar technologies such as local storage and the data layer. Information collected via online trackers is used for a variety of purposes, including to provide website content, improve a website’s functionality, gather data on the user’s browsing habits, customize user experience, and provide targeted ads.
By clicking on buttons or links to third party sites or services, you will be redirected to an external site, which has its own cookie and privacy policies over which we have no control.
We classify cookies in the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional/Preference Cookies
Performance/Analytics Cookies
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
Local Storage
This website uses only Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to provide the website content and/or features.
These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
You can disable these cookies in your browser. However, please note that if you disable these cookies, you may not be able to access all or parts of our website or features.
Cookie list
Cookie
Description
Duration
Type
Category
First or Third Party
ext-obc-content2-aem
This cookie helps ensure that the content of a page loads quickly and effectively by distributing the workload across multiple computers (this is sometimes referred to as ‘load balancing’ or ‘reverse proxying’).
The cookie is deleted when the browser or tab is closed.
Session
Strictly Necessary
Third Party
cookiePolicyAccepted
This cookie records that a user of the website has selected to close the cookie pop-up and it ensures that the cookie pop-up does not reappear for the user as they navigate the website.
The cookie is deleted when the browser or tab is closed.
Session
Strictly Necessary
Third Party
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is set by Google reCAPTCHA, which protects our site against spam enquiries on contact forms.
6 months
Persistent
Strictly Necessary
Third Party
ak_bmsc
Used by Akamai Bot Manager tool for detection of malicious bots. This cookie is used to track the progress of the session going through the standard detection workflow. When present, it is also used as the identifier instead of the IP address for the bot rate control rules.
2 hours
Persistent
Strictly Necessary
Third Party
bm_sv
This cookie is used as part of the behavior anomaly detection method of Bot Manager Premier, it is also known as the short term cookie. It references the telemetry collected during the session.
2 Hours
Session
Strictly Necessary
First Party
Cookie management
You can control how cookies are placed on your device from within your own browser. If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by this website, you may do this through the browser settings for each browser you use, on each computer or device you use to access the internet.
However, please be aware that some of our services may not function if your browser does not accept cookies.
You may wish to visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wider variety of browsers including mobile internet browsers.
If you have queries please contact
EUDataProtectionOffice@elavon.com
U.S. Bank Europe DAC. Registered in Ireland: Number 418442. Registered Office: Block F1, Cherrywood Business Park, Cherrywood, Dublin 18, D18 W2X7, Ireland. U.S. Bank Europe DAC is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
U.S. Bank Europe DAC. Registered in Ireland with Companies Registration Office. The liability of the member is limited. United Kingdom branch registered in England and Wales under the number BR022122. U.S. Bank Europe DAC is a credit institution authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request.
Confidentiality and security
Within Elavon and our Affiliates, we recognize that you expect your Personal Information to be kept secure. We therefore restrict access to your Personal Information to those of our employees who need to know that information to provide products and services to you, including the Elavon Services. We have established physical, technical and administrative security processes that are commensurate with the sensitivity of the information collected to safeguard Personal Information. We have routine internal and external oversight practices in place to assess and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your information.
What information we disclose
We share your Personal Information in the following ways:
Certain Elavon Services are provided to you through Elavon’s affiliates, and it may be necessary to share your Personal Information with these affiliates.
Any organisation who introduced us or who acts on your behalf to allow them to provide services to you and/or to allow them to conduct, monitor and analyse their business.
We will share your Personal Information with our marketing partners who will advise you of new products and services from Elavon to assist in the growth and development of your business.
We will share your Personal Information where it is required to protect our interests, or someone else's interests. For example, our professional advisors in order to obtain advice in relation to our relationship with you or courts, independent auditors or law enforcement agencies. For example, in response to claims, to prevent fraud or during the course of an audit.
Any person to whom we assign or sub-contract any of the rights or obligations under our agreement with you.
If we or our Affiliates sell any part of our business and/or integrate it with another organisation (including by way of sale, merger, disposal or transfer of business), your Personal Information may be disclosed to our advisers and to prospective purchasers, investors or joint venture partners and their advisers, or obtaining financing for our business, or negotiations in accordance with that purpose. If this occurs, the new owners of the business will only be permitted to use your information in the same or similar way as set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will share your Personal Information with regulators where we are required to do so to comply with our regulatory obligations.
We will share your Personal Information with third parties where we are required to do so by law.
Elavon requires all such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of information provided to them by us. Where we share your Personal Information with third parties, we ensure that we have appropriate measures in place to safeguard your Personal Information and to ensure that it is solely used for legitimate purposes in line with this Privacy Policy. Please note that our suppliers and marketing partners are also prohibited from using Personal Information for any reason other than to provide the specific products or services intended, as set out in this Privacy Policy.
When do we transfer your Personal Information overseas?
When data is transferred to countries outside of Ireland and the European Economic Area those countries may not offer an equivalent level of protection for Personal Information to the laws in Ireland.
If we do so we will put in place appropriate controls to ensure that Your Information is protected adequately, in particular through standard data protection model clauses adopted by the European Commission. For more information about these controls please contact us at
EUDataProtectionOffice@elavon.com
For how long do we keep your information?
As a general rule, Elavon will not keep your information for longer than is necessary.
If you submit a query and you are a customer of ours, we will keep Your Information for as long as we have a contract with you and for as long as we need Your Information for regulatory or evidential purposes after expiry of termination of your contract.
If you submit a query or complaint on our website, we will keep your personal information while we progress your query or complaint. For non-customers, this information will not be retained for longer than necessary and not for a period longer than 12 months. For retention practices in relation to Cookie’s please refer to the Cookie Policy.
However, where we have statutory obligations to keep Personal Information for a longer period or where we may need your Personal Information for a longer period in case of a legal claim, then the retention period may be longer. For more information on retention please contact the data protection team at
EUDataProtectionOffice@elavon.com
Your rights
Individuals have the following rights under data protection legislation:
a right to ask for a copy of their personal data
a right to ask Us to delete or correct any information We hold about them that is inaccurate;
a right to request erasure of information in certain circumstances;
a right to data portability (this is a risk to ask for Your Information in a commonly used electronic format where information has been provided by the individual and the legal basis for processing that information is consent or contractual necessity);
a right to restrict processing and a right to object to processing activities in certain circumstances;
a right to stop Your Information from being used for direct marketing purposes; and
a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission (or other supervisory authority in the European Union) if You believe that Your Information has not been processed in accordance with the requirements of the data protection legislation.
Where any processing is based on consent you have a right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
EUDataProtectionOffice@elavon.com
Additional rights and modifications to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy does not apply to your relationship with your customers, your financial service providers or with your other vendors. We recommend that you read their privacy notices and contact them directly if you have any concerns regarding their use of your Personal Information.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time and any such changes shall be reflected by way of a pop up notice.
Want to learn more?
We have appointed a data protection officer who has responsibility for advising us on our data protection obligations. You can contact the data protection officer using the following details:
Address: Data Protection Officer, U.S. Bank Europe DAC, Cherrywood Business Park, Loughlinstown, Dublin 18, D18 W319.
Email:
EUDataProtection@elavon.com
In any event, we would be happy to hear from you and provide you with further details on how we use your Personal Information to provide you with the best service and products.
Close
Cookies on elavonpayment.com
We only use cookies that are strictly necessary to allow operation of our website. For details of the cookies we use, please refer to our
Cookie Policy.