Wallet
.
Webkeys
.
Mobile Keys
.
Keyless Door Opening Experiences.
We help you
save time + earn more
with
Mobile Keys
,
Webkeys
and
Wallet Keys
.
Your
keyless door opening experiences
are endless with FLEXIPASS. Add anything from Online Check-In, Upselling and much more with our Certified Partners.
Trusted by  INNOVATORS
Your Keyless Technology Provider
Mobile Keys.
Super Fast.
Mobile Key
s
are stored in seconds on your phone. No further data connection is needed.
No buttons to touch. Tap your door lock and you are in.
Webkeys.
Super Easy. No App needed with
webkeys
. Door opening buttons are displayed in your guest directory, digital guest compendium, in your whatsApp chat or any intelligent guest facing progressive webapp solution.
Wallet Keys.
Super Convenient. Digital Keys go directly in your phone’s
Wallet
. Swipe your door lock and you are in.
API & SDK.
Connect in seconds through our
API
&
SDK
. Deliver your Keyless Door Opening Experience powered by FLEXIPASS.
Go keyless today.
Let's talk
Your Keyless Add-on Guest Services
Online Check-In.
Enable your guests to
Check-In Online
prior to their stay. Save time from day one and fast track your guests to their rooms for an even better guest experience.
Powered by Certified FLEXIPASS Partners.
Upsell like a pro.
Why not offer your guests a better stay category? Or sparkling bubbles? Generate more revenue through
Upselling Services
.
Powered by Certified FLEXIPASS Partners.
Messaging.
Guests ask questions right? Have your
AI Chatbot
answer your guests questions for you 24/7.
Powered by Certified FLEXIPASS Partners.
Additional Services.
Payments,  Guest Surveys, Guest Communication, Guest App, Check-In Stations/Kiosks and Guest Directory.
Contact us to get the full list of the Add-On Services provided through our Certified Partners.
Add Digital Keys and Guest Services.
Discover more
LET’S MEET IN PERSON | EVENTS
ITB | Berlin, Germany
4-6th March 2025
Click Here
IHTF | Algarve, Portugal
18-20 March
Click Here
The Hotel Show | SAUDI ARABIA
8-10th April 2025
LET'S MEET
Are you ready?
Let’s talk.
Experience how we can help you:
+ save time
+ deliver your custom keyless guest entry experience
+ earn more with every door opening!
SELECT YOUR REGION
FOR A MEETING
Schedule a quick call today
EUROPE
USA
MIDDLE EAST
FAQs
Compatible Keyless Door Locks?
ASSA ABLOY Vingcard, Dormakaba and SALTO Systems are compatible keyless hotel door lock providers. Contact us and we will run a quick free of charge check for you.
Are you looking to upgrade door locks? We can help you save time and connect you with the industries best hotel door locks providers.
Upgrading Door Locks?
Are you looking to upgrade your door locks? We can help you save time and provide you compatible future door lock quotes. You get to select between the industries best keyless door lock providers.
What if hotel guests do not have a smartphone?
You will always be able to issue physical keycards to your hotel guests via the door lock software. You are covered.
Save on plastic keycards?
Are you still providing your guests with plastic keycards? Change to keyless entry and enable your guests to use their smartphone to access their room. Save on plastic keycard costs and deliver your custom keyless guest experience.
What is a Mobile Key?
At home you probably use a physical metal key to open your door right? A Digital Key replaces your physical key or a plastic hotel keycard enabling your phone to be the room access key.
It is convenient and you have your phone always at hand right?
The days of lost physical keys or plastic keycards are a thing of the past.
Mobile Keys are stored securely on your mobile phone.
What is a Webkey?
A Webkey is an innovative alternative to Digital Keys. You are able to open doors without having to download an APP. A Webkey replaces the physical mechanical key and plastic keycard.
Webkeys are displayed via intelligent progressive webapp solutions.
What is a WALLET Digital Key?
Apple and Google are working on providing users the option to save Digital Keys directly within the mobile phones operating systems. At this stage APPLE iOS and watch are supported for selected chains. Android Wallet Digital Keys will follow soon.
Get notified when  Wallet Digital Keys is ready for you by sending us an email to
wallet@flexipass.tech
Who is ASSA ABLOY Vingcard?
ASSA ABLOY Vingcard
is part of the
ASSA ABLOY
, the world’s largest access control provider listed on the
Nasdaq stock exchange in Stockholm Sweden with STO: ASSA-B
. ASSA ABLOY delivers secure Digital Keys via SEOS.
Who is Dormakaba?
Dormakaba
is a global access control provider with head quarters in Switzerland and listed on the
SIX Swiss Exhange SWX: DOKA
.
Who is SALTO Systems?
SALTO Systems
is a global access control provider with headquarters in Oiartzun close to San Sebastian in Spain.
QUESTIONS? LET´S TALK!