Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Privacy Policy
We have worked hard to make our Privacy Policy easier to read, The update is aimed to simplify our
policies, and your data will not be processed in new ways. Please take some time to read the new
Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 25th May 2020
Thank you for playing our game! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to our games
.
and related services, which we here collectively call the Service. If we make any material
changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your
personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the game so we can reply to you more
quickly.
Name of the controller:
our games
.
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
Your messages to the Service (such as player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify your account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address,
IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type, and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players
inside the Service
In most cases, we also create a Service-specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver the products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process
necessary data to Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Our game
Provide you
offers in the Service as well as on other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as on other websites and services
(including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target, and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out of personalized advertisements, see the section 'Your rights and
options below.
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
With your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from our company
your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
OTHER PLAYERS AND USERS.
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see
your profile data and in-game activities.
PARTNERS WORKING FOR
Our game
.
This game has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according
to
our games
instructions to provide the services, such as hosting, player support, advertising,
analytics, and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and
organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law, or to protect the rights,
property, or safety of us, our players, or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game
advertising.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred anywhere in the world.
Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take
steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy.
Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by the
EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by
following the instructions in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings
of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest-based
ads" (Android).
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object to how we use or share your
data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.  You may also contact your local data
protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and
personalize the Service, analyze use, target advertisements, and prevent fraud. You can disable
cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and
implementing administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect your data from
unauthorized access or against loss, misuse, or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service.
We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and
de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our
legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and
enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising
to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under
13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number,
or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have
collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you
believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
OPTING OUT OF BEHAVIOURALLY TARGETED ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
If you wish to limit behaviourally targeted advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device
settings. Please note that opt-outs are specific to each browser and device and it may take a little bit of
time before your opt-out will take effect.
For mobile advertising in apps, you can reset your Advertising Identifier and depend on your device,
select to opt out of interest-based ads (Android) or turn on the Limit Ad Tracking setting (iOS).
For display advertising on the Web, you can also adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking
by means of cookies, and by visiting the following sites: http://www.aboutads.info/choices and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
We also use partners to perform services for us as processors, such as adjusting for attribution.
These partners do not use your data for additional purposes and your opt-outs can also affect these
partners.
Does
Game Studio
Collect My Financial Information When I Make In-App Purchases?
When you make in-app purchases in the Games, we do not collect or have any access to your name
and billing information. This information is collected and stored by your platform (e.g. Apple's Game
Store or Android's Google Play) or your platform's payment processor.
Our games
also works with a number of other analytics and ad-serving partners within our mobile apps
and websites. These partners can use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to
collect or receive data about you and might claim controller rights over your personal data. For more
information about their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities, please visit the links below.
Google
Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Unity Technologies
Privacy Policy: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Last updated: 25th May 2020
Appmetrica
https://appmetrica.yandex.com/about/privacy-policy
Applovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments