EDEN GAMES S.A.S. PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated on 08/03/2022
Introduction
Eden Games S.A.S. collects information about you when you use Gear Club Stradale (« GCS »). This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect your information when you use our Games, as well as your rights and choices about such collection, use and sharing. By using GCS, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the terms of this privacy policy, including how we use personal information. Eden Games S.A.S., located at the address set forth in Section 7 “Contact Us” is the data controller for the information collected via GCS. The privacy policy may be revised periodically, and any such revisions will be reflected by the “Effective Date” above. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will provide you with additional notice of such changes by providing alerts within our games.
1. Information we collect
We collect limited information about you in GCS. We collect:
(a) Game Profile Information
During your gameplay experience, GCS will generate non-personal information about your Game experience. This information cannot be used by us to identify you. This information is stored locally on your device and may also be saved to Apple’s servers in accordance with terms governing your relationship with Apple. This information will not be transferred to our servers without your permission. We call this your “Game Profile”.
(b) Email address for customer support
If you choose to contact customer support, your communication to us will be sent via email. Our customer support platform will store your email address so we can reply to your message. We will delete the communication log within 30 days of completion of your customer support enquiry.
2. How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
(a) Game Profile Information
Your Game Profile is required to track your performance through the GCS. The Game Profile includes information such:
Cars, customization and performance parts unlocked and bought in game
Progression levels : personal & Club
Tracks you raced
last time you played GCS
If you choose to play a Game in multiplayer mode, your Game Profile will be copied to our servers. We use this Game Profile on our server to:
Ensure you are matched with other players from your Clubs
Update your Game Profile with your Club multiplayer wins/losses/rewards
Use your Club and Game Profile on your other supported devices (GCS can be played on iPhone, iPad, AppleTV and macOS devices)
If your Game Profile is saved to our game servers, it will be connected to you by your unique ID. This unique ID we use is specific to GCS and cannot be used to track your play across other games or products. Your Game Profile may be saved on Apple’s servers to transfer your it to your other supported devices.
(b) Customer Support
We use personal information you provide via customer support requests to reply to your questions or queries, to provide customer support and resolve problems relating to any of our Games under the relevant terms of service. We may share non-personal information about your issues with GCS with our development team to identify areas and issues we can improve.
3. When we share information
In delivering GCS to you, we may share your personal information with:
Companies within the Eden S.A.S. group (which means our subsidiaries and affiliates, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries and affiliates) who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy.
Third parties with whom we share your information in order to undertake various activities or services on our behalf in supporting the Games , including authorizing our third party partner’s subprocessors to process relevant data only in accordance with our instructions as needed to provide the respective service. These include hosting providers for online services and customer support software providers for helping us manage customer support.
If our business relating to the Games enters into a joint venture, purchases or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed or transferred to the target company, or new business partners or owners or their advisors.
We may use the information that you provide if we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are under a duty to comply with) any legal obligation; or to enforce the relevant terms of service and any other agreement; or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations such as credit agencies, law enforcement or government bodies or the courts in connection with a criminal investigation, suspected illegal activity, fraud prevention and detection or in legal proceedings.
Personal information may be transferred to other countries where we or our service providers maintain operations. These countries may not have equivalent data protection laws to the country from where you access the Games or, in the case of transfers subject to European law, may not be subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission (EC). An adequacy decision is a decision taken by the EC establishing that a third country provides a comparable level of protection of personal data to that in the EU, through its domestic law or its international commitments. When we transfer personal information, we will seek to take account of any applicable legal obligations relevant to personal information transfers. In the case of transfers of personal information out of the European Economic Area, we will, in the absence of an EC adequacy decision relevant to the destination country, seek to rely on appropriate safeguards such as a valid Privacy Shield certification (in the case of a data transfer to a Privacy Shield certified US recipient) (see
Privacy Shield Home
) or enter into appropriate EC approved standard contractual clauses relevant to personal data transfers between data controllers or between a data controller and a data processor (see
Data Protection
).
4. Security and data retention
We take reasonable physical, technical and organizational measures, to protect your information from unauthorized access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
Your personal information will be retained by us for the duration of your use or access to our Games and may be retained for a period after this time as necessary and relevant to our legitimate operations, our terms with you and in accordance with applicable laws and obligations. This may include retention necessary to meet our tax reporting requirements as well as time required to enforce the relevant terms of service, any “sun-setting” requirements or to identify, issue or resolve legal proceedings. Outside of any legal proceedings, any information stored on our servers will be deleted after 2 years of inactivity.
We may retain a record of your stated objection to the processing of your data, for the sole purpose of ensuring that we can continue to respect your wishes to not contact you further, during the term of your objection. We will take appropriate steps to seek to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information at the point this information is no longer needed by us for our business or legal purposes, when you withdraw consent (as applicable) or at your request.
5. Your choices and rights
You have options and choices over how we use your information. We provide you with tools to access and update specific information relating to your use of the Games at any time. We respect the rights you may have under applicable law to request access to your personal information and where applicable, to request to receive that information in a commonly used electronic format (or ask for this information to be provided in that format to a third party where feasible). You may also have the right under applicable law to request the correction or erasure of your personal information, to seek to object to the further processing under certain circumstances of your information or to request that the processing of specific information about you is restricted while we verify or investigate your concerns about this information. We do not verify the correctness of your personal information.
You may delete your Game Profile stored on our servers by using the button available in the Options menu to delete your data. In addition, you may contact us as described in Section 7 “Contact Us” to exercise any of your rights. If you remain unhappy with a response you receive, and are in the European Union, you can also refer the matter to your data protection supervisory authority (see
Article 29
).
For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please contact us as described below in Section 7 “Contact Us”. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. In addition, if you believe that we have not responded to your privacy-related inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact Eden Games S.A.S., Inc.’s Data Protection Officer (
dataprivacy@edengames.com
).
6. Children’s information
If we learn that we have collected personal information of users under the age of 13 or other applicable age of consent, other than persistent identifiers for support of the internal operations of the Games (in the U.S.) and/or for our legitimate interests (outside the U.S.), then we will take reasonable steps to remove such information.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information from children, such as country settings and language settings to ensure compliance with the applicable law for the specified country. If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected personal information about your child, you may contact us using the details provided below.
7. Your questions and how to contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our practices, you can contact us:
By email at: GCSsupport@edengames.com
By writing to us at: Eden Games S.A.S. 21 Cours de la Liberté 69003 LYON France
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer:
dataprivacy@edengames.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://gear.club/dataprivacy@edengames.com:
Not Found
The requested URL was not found on this server.