YOU ARE HERE:
»
Privacy Statement
Read our Privacy Statement
FIRST SOUTH CREDIT UNION LTD. (FSCU)
Website Privacy Statement
This Data Privacy Statement is effective as of August 2023 as amended or updated from time to time (“Privacy Statement”). The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to explain how our Credit Union (the “Credit Union”, “we”, “us” and “our”) may process your personal data. This Privacy Statement relates to all personal data disclosed by yourself to us or (as applicable) by third parties as part of or incidental to your membership and/or use of the services of our Credit Union and including (without limitation) your access to and use of our website, our online account/banking platform cu Online +, and our mobile account/banking application cu Mobile. For full details on how we process your data throughout your entire Membership and your rights in relation to this processing, please see our full Privacy Notice available
here
.
Introduction
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Statement together with our Website Terms and Conditions and our Cookies Policy set out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us as well as details of how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your personal information, and accordingly (and together) constitute our privacy statement.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement from time to time without prior notice. You are advised to check our website or our office noticeboards regularly for any amendments. Such amendments will not be made retrospectively.
We will always comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) when dealing with your personal data. Further details on GDPR can be found at Office of the Data Protection Commissioner’s dedicated GDPR website:
www.gdprandyou.ie
.
For the purposes of GDPR, we will be the “controller” of all personal data which we hold about you. You can find our contact details at the end of this Privacy Statement.
If you are providing personal information on behalf of a third party, you must ensure that the third party receives a copy of this Privacy Statement before their personal information is shared with us.
If you are registered to use our online account/banking platform cu Online +, then Wellington IT Limited (which hosts our platform) will also be a controller of your personal data. In order for you to understand what they do with your personal data, and how to exercise your rights in respect of their processing of your personal data, you should review their privacy policy at
https://www.well-it.com/privacy-policy
If you are registered to use our mobile account/banking platform cu Mobile, Wellington IT Limited (which provides our mobile application) will also be a controller of your personal data. In order for you to understand what they do with your personal data, and how to exercise your rights in respect of their processing of your personal data, you should review their privacy policy at
https://www.well-it.com/privacy-policy
.
If we issue you a debit card, Transact Payments Malta Limited (which is an authorised e-money institution) will also be a controller of your personal data. In order for you to understand what they do with your personal data, and how to exercise your rights in respect of their processing of your personal data, you should review their privacy policy which is available here
http://currentaccount.ie/files/tpl-privacy-policy.pdf
Why do we collect and use your personal information?
We gather and process your personal information for a variety of reasons and rely on a number of different legal bases to use that information, for example, we use your personal information to process your membership application, to help administer your products and services, to ensure we provide you with the best service possible, to prevent unauthorised access to your account and to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
2.1 To comply with a legal obligation
We are required to process your personal information to comply with certain legal obligations, for example to:
report and respond to queries raised by regulatory authorities, law enforcement and other government agencies such as the Central Bank of Ireland and An Garda Siochana;
comply with tax regulations that require us to report the tax status of our members;
verify the personal information provided to us and meet our legal and compliance obligations, including to prevent money laundering, tax avoidance, financing of terrorism and fraud;
perform credit checks in the event you apply for a loan and to supply information to the Central Credit Register, and to use the Central Credit Register when considering loan applications to determine your borrowing options and repayment capacity and/ or facilitate other lending institutions to carry out similar checks;
cooperate and provide information requested in the context of legal and/or regulatory investigations or proceedings;
keep records of communications and of member account activities;
maintain a register of members of the Credit Union;
administer our internal operational requirements (including credit, compliance and risk management, system development, staff training, accounting and for audit purposes);
communicate with our members through certain mandatory service communications such as providing notice of the AGM; and
undertake systems testing, maintenance and development and in order to ensure network and information security.
2.2 To enter into and perform a contract with you for the services or products which you require
In order to consider your application for membership of the Credit Union and to process any product/service applications which you may make, we have to gather some personal information.
In order to administer and manage any account you have with the Credit Union, we have to process your personal information. Examples of processing include the administration of accounts, payments, deposits, lending and credit decisions. As part of this process we may be required to pass some personal information to an intermediary or counterparty (e.g. if you perform a payment transaction, we pass information on the progress of the transaction to the payee concerned).
2.3 To enable the Credit Union to function as a business
In certain circumstances, we process your personal information on the basis of the legitimate interests of the Credit Union. In doing so, we ensure that the impact of the processing on your privacy is minimised and that there is a fair balance between the legitimate interests of the Credit Union and your privacy rights. If you disagree with your information being processed in this manner, you are entitled to exercise your right to object.
Examples of situations in which your personal information is processed based on our legitimate interests, include to:
collect due and outstanding debt which may involve passing your personal information to debt collection agencies;
keep records of communications, including telephone lines, if required in order to evidence what has been discussed and keep a record of your instructions and to prevent or detect crime;
utilise credit data from credit referencing agencies when assessing an application for credit;
perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies; and
establish, exercise and safeguard our rights, including where necessary to take enforcement action) and to respond to claims made against the Credit Union.
2.4 Where you have provided consent
We use your personal information to make you aware of products and services which may be of interest to you where you have consented to us doing so and in accordance with your preferences. You can at any time withdraw that consent using the contact details below. In the event that you apply for a loan, we may collect and process information on your health. You will be asked for your consent to process this type of personal information.
What personal information do we collect about you?
The information we hold about you can vary depending on the products and services you use. This includes personal information which you give to us when you are applying for membership or applying for a product or service, personal information we collect automatically, for instance, your IP address and the date and time you accessed our services when you visit our website or app, and personal information we receive from other sources like credit referencing agencies. The personal information we collect about you may include:
home address, date of birth, full name, place of birth, identification documents, details of income and source of wealth, nationality and tax identification number;
information obtained from third parties such as credit reference agencies or business information providers;
details of employment status and occupation;
information that we gather from publicly available sources such as biographies held on the Internet;
recordings of calls between you and employees of the Credit Union;
closed-circuit television may be used in and around our premises for the purposes of security and preventing crime – therefore we may have images of you captured by our CCTV cameras;
information relating to member transactions (such as dates, amounts, currencies, payer and payee details); and
information we obtain about you from the way you use our products or services or website or mobile application(s) such as security authentication, login information and smart device information.
How is the personal information collected?
We collect personal information from a number of sources, including:
information we receive directly from you or from a person acting on your behalf;
information we obtain from your interaction with us on our website and mobile application;
information we obtain from third parties such as credit reference, debt recovery or fraud prevention agencies, which may have originated from publicly accessible sources;
information that we gather from publicly available sources such as the Internet.
Cookies
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies are small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits so that you can access information in a faster and more efficient way. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can “remember” you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal data from which you can be identified, unless you have separately furnished such information to the website. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the website to operate. For information on the cookies we use, please refer to our Cookies Policy as published on our website, For more information on how to manage cookies, including how to disable cookies please visit:
www.aboutcookies.org
.
How do we use personal information for direct marketing
From time to time, we would like to make you aware of products and services that we offer which may be of interest to you. We can do this by using some of the personal information we hold about you. You have a right not to receive such information. You can make changes to your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us at our address below.
How do we make use of Automated Decision Making?
FSCU does not engage in automated decision-making using your personal information.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We sometimes share your personal information with trusted third parties who perform important functions for us based on our instructions and applying appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may share your personal information with the following third parties:
(a) our legal and professional advisers such as auditors and external legal counsel;
(b) trade/representative bodies;
(c) any sub-contractors, agents or service providers engaged by the Credit Union (including our employees, directors and officers), such as back up and server hosting providers, IT software and maintenance providers, document storage providers and suppliers of other back office functions;
(d) credit reference, debt recovery or fraud prevention agencies;
(e) payment recipients and other financial institutions.
We may also share your personal information with any third parties to whom you have instructed us to share your information with.
We are required to cooperate by law or otherwise through a legal process with Irish and EU regulatory and enforcement bodies such as the Central Bank of Ireland, An Garda Siochana, the courts, fraud prevention agencies or other bodies. We are also required to report personal and account information to the Irish Revenue Commissioners for interest reporting, CRS and FATCA purposes.
We may disclose personal information relating to our members to any third party in the event of a transfer or merger (or potential transfer or merger) of the Credit Union.
The people and organisations that we may share your personal information with may be located in a country that does not have data protection laws which provide the same level of protection as the laws in Ireland. Some countries already have adequate protection for personal information under their applicable laws. In other countries safeguards will be applied to maintain the same level of protection as the country in which the products and services are supplied. These safeguards may be contractual agreements with the overseas recipient or it may require the recipient to subscribe to international data protection frameworks. For more information about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal information in countries outside the EEA, please visit:
https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
Is providing your personal information obligatory?
We are unable to enter into or administer our relationship with you without some personal information about you. In cases where providing your personal information is optional we will make this clear. In particular, it is not mandatory that our members sign up to receive marketing communications.
Updates to your personal information
If any of the personal information you have given to us should change, such as your contact details, please inform us without delay. Similarly, if we have collected personal information about you that you consider to be inaccurate, please inform us. Our contact details are set out below.
How long do we keep your personal information?
We need to keep your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected (as described above). Even when you close your account with us, we must retain some of your personal information in order to comply with legal and regulatory requirements and in case of claims.
The criteria we use to determine data retention periods for your personal information includes the following:
Retention in case of queries. We will retain some of your personal information in case of queries from you (for instance, if you submit an application for a product or service and if that is unsuccessful);
Retention in case of claims. We will retain some of your personal information for the period in which you might legally bring claims against us; and
Retention in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. We will retain some of your personal information after our agreement with you has come to an end, based on our legal and regulatory requirements.
If you would like further information about our data retention policy, you can contact us using the details set out below.
Your rights under data protection laws
Your rights are as follows (noting that these rights do not apply in all circumstances):
right to be informed about the processing of your personal information;
right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate, and to have incomplete personal information completed;
right to object to processing of your personal information;
right to restrict processing of your personal information;
right to have your personal information erased (the right to be forgotten);
right to request access to your personal information, and to obtain information about how we process your personal information;
right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (data portability).
In addition, you have the right to complain to the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner which has enforcement powers and can investigate compliance with data protection laws.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights you can contact us using the details set out below.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice you can contact us:
In writing to:
First South Credit Union Limited, Lower Friars Walk, Cork
By Telephone:
+353 21 4965134
By Email:
info@1cu.ie
To contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO):
The DPO can be contacted at the above address or telephone number or by email at
dpo@1cu.ie
.
(Please mark correspondence for the attention of the Data Protection Officer)
.
You have a right to complain to the Data Protection Commissioner (DPC) in respect of any processing of your data by contacting them at the details below:
In writing to:
Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2D02 RD28, Ireland
By Telephone:
+353 57 8684800 /  +353 (0)761 104 800
LoCall Number:
1890 252 231
By Email:
info@dataprotection.ie
Top
Like many other websites, we use cookies. For further information, please see our
Cookies Policy
. By clicking "ACCEPT ALL", you consent to the use of ALL cookies in accordance with our
Cookies Policy
. By clicking "REJECT ALL" you are rejecting the use of non-essential cookies. However, you may visit Manage Cookies to amend your consent at any time.
Manage Cookies
Cookies
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Cookie
Duration
Description
session
Description is currently not available.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_ga
1 year 1 month 4 days
Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors.
_ga_*
1 year 1 month 4 days
Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views.
_gat_UA-*
1 minute
Google Analytics sets this cookie for user behaviour tracking.
_gid
1 day
Google Analytics sets this cookie to store information on how visitors use a website while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the collected data includes the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.well-it.com/privacy-policy:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website and provide more personalised services to you, both on this website and through other media. Find out more at well-it.com/cookies-policy/
Accept
Your privacy is important to us.
This website uses cookies to help deliver its services. By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies as outlined in our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
Products
Back
Growth & Lending
Back
Mortgages
Revolving Credit
Open Banking
Automated Decisions
Self-Service Kiosks
Digital Signature Pads
Digital Suite
Back
cuMobile & E-Signatures
Responsive Websites
Digital Member Onboarding & ID&V
Core System
Back
Teller Module
Credit Control
Cash Control
Integrated Nominal Ledger
Automated Transaction Processing
Current Accounts
Business Intelligence
Infrastructure
Back
Private Cloud
Compliance & Risk Management
IT Managed Service
Company
Back
Our Company
Your Goals
Partners
Careers
Case Studies
Blogs
Resources
cuEngage
Contact Us
Last Updated : January 2024
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Policy describes management by Wellington Computer Systems Limited (hereinafter identified as “Controller”) of any personal data (as hereinafter specified “Personal Data”) relating to a natural person (“Data Subject”) identified or can be identified, directly or indirectly by reference to the use, for whatever purpose, of the following website address owned of the Controller: http://www.well-it.com (“Controller’s Website”).
Wellington Computer Systems Limited (As Wellington Computer Systems) is registered with the Data Protection Commissioner (8262/A) and ICO (Z86356016) and is required to comply with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and General Data Protection Regulation.
Purpose
This Privacy Policy is to outline the steps the Controller takes to keep Personal Data confidential, to inform Data Subjects about how and why the Controller collects Personal Data and to provide Data Subjects with their rights and the Controller’s contact information to exercise these rights, and for any questions or concerns arising out of this Privacy Policy.
Protecting Data Subject privacy and maintaining the integrity of Personal Data means that: The Controller will keep Personal Data and the business between the Data Subject and the Controller in confidence; The Controller will not sell, rent or loan a Data Subject’s information to third parties; The Controller will respect a Data Subject’s privacy when the Controller may contact a Data Subject concerning various products and services which the Controller make available to a Data Subject from time to time; The Controller may have control over who obtains, uses and the circumstances to give out information about a Data Subject; A Data Subject will have access to the information that the Controller has about the Data Subject.
Scope
This Policy Privacy applies to the Controller’s products, services and websites, except where otherwise noted and does not concern any websites that a Data Subject may visit by external links.
Controllers and Processors of Personal Data
The Controller who determines the purposes and means of Personal Data collecting and processing is Wellington Computer Systems Limited with registered office 20 Adelaide Street, Belfast, BT2 8GD.
The processing operations of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, are performed on behalf of the Controller by Wellington Computer Systems Limited.
Why the Controller may collect Personal Data
Establish identity
Perform necessary identity and security verifications
Process transactions and conduct business
Deliver products and services
Provide customer support and services
Provide ongoing service delivery
Provide Data Subject with information
Improve products, services and service delivery
Better understand Data Subject’s needs, interests and suitability for various products and services
Recommend specific products and services that may meet Data Subject’s needs
Respond to issues, questions, and queries
Protect Data Subject and himself against errors or fraud; and
Co-operate with law enforcement and legal authorities, where required, to comply with applicable laws and with court orders.
The Controller will collect, use and may disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances; and endeavours to collect as little information as possible as may be necessary under the circumstances.
The Controller reserves the right to use Data Subject aggregated information in any manner it determines, in its discretion, to be appropriate. Use of such aggregated information may include, but not be limited to, the preparation of aggregated user statistics and information summaries to improve efficiencies, more effectively describe Controller’s product and service offerings, and assist in the marketing of the Controller’s products and services.
The type of Personal Data the Controller may collect
The Controller collects various types of Personal Data. During the course of using Controller’s website, doing business with or interacting with the Controller, receiving products and services from or through the Controller, the Data Subject may, depending on the nature of the circumstances, be asked to provide the Controller with:
Geographic (physical) addresses
Demographic information
E-mail addresses
Phone numbers or other contact information
Names (first, and last or whatever the family identifying name is)
Shipping information
Billing information
Transaction history
Website usage preferences
Feedback regarding business, services, website and public relations
Source IP addresses
Times and dates of access to website servers
Language
Personal preferences
Product and service preferences
Browser types and configurations, and
Miscellaneous administrative and computer traffic information
Certain forms of information, such as government issued or private sector issued licenses, permits, certificates, cards, social insurance/security number, passports, insurance cards, voucher numbers, and the like, although convenient for identification, is voluntary.
It is a Data Subject’s decision whether they want to provide this, or other suitable identification, subject to any legal requirements.
How does the Controller collect Personal Data?
The Controller will only collect Personal Data that the Data Subject has voluntarily provided to the Controller or agreed to have provided to the Controller. The Controller will not collect any Personal Data about a Data Subject without advising the Data Subject accordingly (either by way of this Privacy Policy or by way of providing the Data Subject with some other form of notice at the time the Controller is requesting or collecting Personal Data), why and how that Personal Data is being collected and how such Personal Data will be used or disclosed. The Controller may collect Personal Data through a variety of means:
Using the Controller’s Website
In the course of communications with the Controller (face-to-face, by e-mail, by phone, mail or otherwise) in the course of feedback to the Controller regarding the Controller’s business, services, website and publications.
When registering with the Controller for services or, where relevant, accounts, or, where relevant, for the download of the Controller’s software.
Customer, membership, recipient, or service lists that have been lawfully acquired from third parties.
Through the completion of manual or electronic forms.
Website cookies –
Cookies are identifiers that can be sent from a website via a Data Subject’s browser to be placed on a computer’s hard drive of the Data Subject. A Data Subject may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on the Data Subject’s web browser; however, not utilizing cookies may prevent the Data Subject from using certain functions and features of the Controller’s website. Information collected from the use of cookies is used to improve the Controller’s services.
Web beacons –
Web beacons are small, graphic images that allow a website operator to collect certain information and monitor user activity on its website. A web beacon is a very small pixel which is invisible to the user. The Controller uses web beacons to collect information that is not of a personal nature.
Clickstreaming –
Clickstreaming is a technology that allows a website operator to track the paths that surfers take as they access a website and look at the site’s pages, and as they use links to other sites. The Controller collects such information from visitors to the Controller’s website; and
Website traffic information, which is monitored and analyzed in order to determine which products, services or features may be of interest to visitors, so the Controller may improve website, products, services, features or other offerings of the Controller.
In addition, the Controller may review and analyse a Data Subject’s use of products and services, to help them serve the Data Subject better, and to bring other products and services to the Data Subject’s attention, which the Controller feels, will be of benefit to the Data Subject. The Controller may also collect and analyse information from other sources for the same purposes.
How the Controller may disclose Personal Information
The Controller may share Personal Data with its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors and agents in the course of providing a Data Subject with Controller’s business services, support, or the fulfilment or delivery of products or services of the Controller.
The Controller does not sell any Personal Data it collects to third parties.
The Controller may disclose Personal Data if is required to do so a court of competent jurisdiction, other legal or regulatory authority, or, if there is a good faith belief, and reliance on said belief that disclosure is necessary to: comply with any legal process served on the Controller; maintain, uphold or protect the Controller’ rights or property; protect and ensure the personal safety of the public or other Controller’s clients; or protect against criminal or quasi-criminal activities, or to detect, prevent, investigate allegations of, or address, misrepresentation or fraud.
Retention and Disposal
The Controller keeps information only for so long as it is needed for the efficient and effective delivery or fulfilment of the software, products, or services using or contemplating using by the Data Subject and for a reasonable time thereafter, or to meet any legal requirement. The Controller will either destroy or remove information when it is no longer needed.
Security and Storage
The Controller keeps the Personal Data collected from a Data Subject strictly confidential. Only authorized personnel have access to this Personal Data. Personnel of the Controller and Processor who are permitted access to Personal Data receive training regarding privacy protection at periodic intervals.
The Controller’s security specialists build security by design into the computer systems. The aim is to protect information at all times, when it is stored in data files or handled by the Controller’s employees. The Controller’s systems are also designed to protect information when it is transmitted, for example, between our data processing facilities and corporate offices. Personal information may be stored or processed in any jurisdiction in which we or our affiliates, suppliers, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By supplying the Controller with Personal Data, you consent to any transfer of this information to other jurisdictions (including countries which have not been assessed for adequacy of privacy laws).
The Controller does, and shall continue to use, industry-standard technology to maintain the security of Personal Data, and for the Controller’s connections to the internet; however, the Controller cannot and does not guarantee the privacy, security, authenticity or non-corruption of any information transmitted through the internet or any for information stored in any third-party system connected to the internet.
While the Controller takes steps to verify that any service providers, suppliers or the like with whom the Controller shares Personal Data, are committed to maintaining the privacy of Personal Data at standards that are at least as stringent as the Controller’s Privacy Policy and has communicated to them to refrain from making any independent or unauthorized use of any Personal Data, the Controller does not and cannot guarantee the actions, conduct or standards of any such parties.
The Controller shall not be responsible for any claims, damages, costs or losses whatsoever arising out of or in any way related to third-party connections to or use of the Internet.
The Controller cannot and does not ensure the protection of any Personal Data that Data Subjects provide to a third-party website that may reference, be referenced or link to the Controller’s website. Personal Data collected by these third parties is not subject to, or governed by, this Privacy Policy.
The Controller shall not be responsible for events beyond our direct control, and therefore will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to the use or release of Personal Data.
Data Subjects’ Rights
Data Subjects are entitled at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence of Personal Data and to be informed of their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy, or else request that such data be supplemented, updated or rectified.
Data Subjects have the right to request the erasure, anonymization or blocking of any data that is processed in breach of the law as well as to object in all cases, on legitimate grounds, to processing of their personal data.
Contact
The Controller is committed to upholding this Privacy Policy. The Controller has policies and procedures in place to educate and assist his employees and contractors in fulfilling their obligations under this Privacy Policy. The Controller’s policies and procedures are reviewed on a regular basis and the results of such reviews are presented to the Controller’s senior management.
The Controller is committed to treating Data Subjects with the greatest respect and consideration. Data Subjects are to advise the Controller of any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy. Additionally, if they would like to confirm the accuracy of applicable Personal Data, they believe that the privacy of Personal Data has not been respected, or would like to update or delete incorrect Personal Data, they should contact the Controller by emailing at privacy@well-it.com or write to the attention of the Data Protection Manager, 20 Adelaide Street, Belfast, BT2 8GD.
The appropriate Privacy Policy Manager will acknowledge the query and will respond within thirty (30) business days. If the Controller needs to extend the timing to respond, or have to refuse a Data Subject’s request, the Controller will advise the Data Subject accordingly, subject to any legal restrictions.
Age
The Controller is committed to protecting the safety of children. The Controller will not knowingly request or use Personal Data from children under the age of eighteen without parental consent. If the Controller receives actual knowledge, does not knowingly or intentionally collect any Personal Data from children under the age of eighteen, the Controller will take steps to have such Personal Data eliminated.
Updates
The Controller may from time to time update this Privacy Policy, with the updated policy to be posted on the Controller’s website. The use of Personal Data provided to the Controller prior to the update will continue to be governed by the Policy and effective at the time the information was provided. The Controller recommends that Data Subjects revisit this Privacy Policy from time to time on a regular basis.
Consent
In most cases a Data Subject will be asked to specifically express their consent to collecting and processing of Personal Data by the Controller, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data Subjects will not be obliged to provide such consent.
Governing Law and Venue
Where the processing of Personal Data is performed in the context of the activities of the Controller and/or Processor established in European Union, this processing may be subject to EU Regulation 2016/679 and other applicable privacy laws on the protection of the natural person, with regard to the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data, and to the relevant EU member country national law before the competent local court.
The Controller’s website is hosted and administered in Dublin, Ireland.
The Controller will disclose Personal Data without the Data Subjects permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to the Controller’s company, associates, or property (including this website), or to others.
Data Protection Officer
Wellington IT has appointed a Data Protection Officer to contact if you have any questions or concerns about Wellington IT policies or practices.
The Wellington IT’s Data Protection Officer contact details are as follows:
T: +44 (0)28 9068 1531
E: dpo@well-it.com
A: 20 Adelaide Street, Belfast, BT2 8DG
Sub-policy 1
http://currentaccount.ie/files/tpl-privacy-policy.pdf:
