Skip to content
Table of contents
Scope of Privacy Policy
Purpose and legality of using your personal data
Information Metascans.com Collects
How we share information
Third-Party Analytics and Online Tracking
Your Rights
Security
Policy Regarding Children
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our information retention period
Contact Information
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices of Metascans.com Ltd (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Metascans.com“, “we”, “our”, or “us”) in this Internet Privacy Policy. By using this site, you agree to the Internet Privacy Policy of this web site (“the web site”), which is set out on this web site page. The Internet Privacy Policy relates to the collection and use of personal information you may supply to us through your conduct on the web site.
        We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. This Internet Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to the web site. We do not make any representations about third-party web sites that may be linked to the web site.
        We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information collected about visitors to our web site, in particular information that is capable of identifying an individual (“personal information”). This Internet Privacy Policy governs the manner in which your personal information, obtained through the web site, will be dealt with.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the Metascans.com website and any features and online services provided by us. It does not apply to our services that our customers may use on their own websites, to other companies or organizations to which we link, or to companies that we do not own or control, even if such companies are contractors or business partners of Metascans.com.
Purpose and legality of using your personal data
– Allows you to register for and use our services
– To evaluate and improve the service: We may evaluate and improve products and services, develop new products or features, and conduct testing and troubleshooting activities through observing service usage and data which you provide.
-Customer communication
Metascans.com use contact information to communicate with individuals who do business with us or who showed an interest in our services. We may contact you to confirm your purchases or respond to requests that you make, notify you of changes to your account or the Services, for marketing purposes, or otherwise inform you of information related to our business or your account with us.
– Administration and Customization
We use the information for a variety of website & App administration and customization purposes. For example, we use your information to process your registration request, provide you with services and communications that you have requested, send you email updates and other communications, customize features that appear on and off the Services, measure Services traffic, measure traffic patterns, and improve the Services.
Information Home3ds.com Collects
– Information You Provide
        We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us while using the Services, such as when you register an account, make a purchase of one of our services, or communicate with our customer service team.
        The information we collect includes information relating to identified or identifiable natural persons. Some examples of information we collect include the following: contact data, including your first and last name, telephone number, email address; and billing information; credentials, including your password; and content data, including the content of the messages you send to us. We also use third party payment processes to collect and process payment data, including your payment instrument and security code associated with your payment instrument, on our behalf.
        You may choose to voluntarily submit other information to us that we do not request, and in such instances you are solely responsible for such information.
        – Information Collected Automatically
        We automatically collect information about your device and how your device interacts with our Service. The types of data we collect and the methods by which we may collect such data include the following:
        – Cookies, Web Beacons, and Embedded Scripts
        The Services use “cookies” and similar technologies, including HTML5 local storage. A cookie is a file stored on your device that may be used to identify an individual as a unique user by storing certain personal preferences and user data. Metascans.com uses cookies and other technologies to identify your device, identify logged-in users of Metascans.com Member Portal, track affiliate referrals, complete online purchases, and similar Services monitoring activities.
        Metascans.com may also use web beacons, small graphic images or other web programming code which may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Services, to monitor how users navigate the Services, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular links were actually viewed.
        Metascans.com may also use embedded scripts in connection with the provision of its Services. “Embedded scripts” are programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with a website, such as the links you click on and may assist our customers in providing us with information used to provide the Services. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server, or a third party service provider is active only while you are connected to the website containing the embedded script, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
        – Log File Information
        Your web browser automatically sends information to every website you visit, including ours. For example, our server logs may receive and record information such as the pages you access on the Services, referring URLs, your browser type, your operating system, the date and time of your visit, and the duration of your visit to each page.
        – User Agent Strings
        Log file information may also include a user agent string, a series of characters automatically sent with your Internet requests that provide information necessary for smooth Internet communications, such as the operating system and browser you used. A user agent string might be used to identify the device originating a message.
        – Location Data
        Metascans.com may also request access to or otherwise receive information about your device location when you access the Services. Your location data may be based on your IP address and other location-aware technologies. We use location data in connection with providing the Services and to help improve the Services.
        – Unique Identification Number
        Metascans.com may assign your computer or mobile device a unique identification number (“Unique ID”) based on log file information when you access the Services. Metascans.com may set a cookie on your device containing, amongst other things, the device’s Unique ID. Metascans.com does not share the Unique ID or any associated data with any third parties.
        Information we receive from Third Parties
        Metascans.com receives information about you from third parties. We may combine the information we receive from third parties with information we collect through the Services. If we do so, Metascans.com will treat the combined information in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.
How we share information
– Our Service Providers
        We provide your information to our third-party service providers, contractors, and business partners for the purpose of delivering services to you as well as for purposes related to Services administration and operation, including conducting analytics. We will share your information only as necessary for the third party working on our behalf to complete its work for us.
        – Security and Compliance with the Law
        We reserve the right to disclose your information to appropriate third parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe that such action is necessary in order (a) to comply with a legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order; (b) to protect the company’s rights and property; (c) to investigate reports of users sending material using a false email address or users sending harassing, threatening, or abusive messages; (d) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Website or Services; or (e) to respond to emergencies, such as when we believe someone’s physical safety is at risk. We may be required to disclose information in a life-threatening emergency or in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
        – Transfer of Business
        Over time, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event that we sell some or all of our assets, or our company is acquired by another company, or during the negotiation of such sale or acquisition, our databases and any information we collect may be among the transferred or negotiated assets.
        – Consent
        We may share your information for any other purpose disclosed to you and with your consent.
        Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we share information that does not identify you with third parties, for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
Third-Party Analytics and Online Tracking
We work with certain third parties (including analytics companies) to provide us with information regarding traffic on and use of the Services. Some of these parties collect information when you visit the Services or other online websites and services. These third parties set and access their own tracking technologies (including cookies, embedded scripts, and web beacons) and may otherwise collect or have access to your IP address or other unique identifiers, log information, and related information about you. These tracking technologies, including the Google Analytics, may be used to assist in providing analytics, marketing, and for other purposes. We do not control the information collection, use, or sharing practices of such third party providers, and we encourage you to consult their online policies. Some third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Services.
Your Rights
– Right to amend and update information
You have the right to request amendments to inaccurate personal data and update the correct ones to your account.
– Right to object or request data deletion
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for other purposes than performing legal obligations or providing services. The objection will result in some restrictions when using the service. You also have the right to request deletion of your personal data from our systems. It may not be deleted instantly but will be deleted through regular database retention practices.
– Opt-Out of Email Communications
        If you are a registered member of the Services, you can make changes to your account information by logging into the Website and modifying your preferences. If you do not wish to receive email notifications from us, you may opt-out by contacting us at info@metascans.nl with your request. In addition, certain email communications we send to you, such as newsletters and promotional announcements, contain a clearly worded “Unsubscribe” link allowing you to withdraw your permission for future mailings. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Services and these transactional account messages may be unaffected even if you opt-out from marketing communications.
        – Blocking or Deleting Cookies
        You can manually delete cookies, which are normally located in your temporary Internet folder or cookie folder. You can also reset the preferences in your web browser to notify you when you have received a cookie or, alternatively, to refuse to accept cookies. Deleting or blocking cookies will limit your ability to make online purchases on the Services and to use and access portions of the Services that require logging in with a username and password, and may affect other functionality.
        – Analytics and Advertising
        You may exercise choice regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
        Some of the advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our partners may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about the DAA and how you can exercise certain choices regarding interest-based advertising, visit https://www.aboutads.info/choices. Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt-out of certain kinds of interest-based advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain interest-based advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). We are not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
        Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit; however, there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, the Website currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track”, you may wish to visit https://www.allaboutdnt.com.
        – European Privacy Rights
        If you are a data subject in Europe, you have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you through the Services. You also have the right to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you through the Services. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us.
        To exercise any of these rights, contact us, and specify which right you intend to exercise. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we store information as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use the information even after a data subject request for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
        If your information has been processed by us on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such information, please inquire with our customer directly.
        If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a European supervisory authority.
Security
We implement reasonable administrative, physical, and technical security measures to help protect your data from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of the Service’s servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Policy Regarding Children
The Services are not intended for use by children under the age of sixteen years of age. Metascans.com does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of sixteen. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected information about your child in violation of this policy, please contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy in response to changing business circumstances and legal developments. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how we use your information, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how we are collecting and using your information.
Our information retention period
We will store your personal information until you finish using our service entirely and your request to delete your account data is accepted. Unless applicable statutory retention requirements (such as for tax purposes).
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or you wish to exercise your opt-out rights or access or correct data applicable to you, please contact us via email  info@metascans.nl
Email
Password
Remember me
Lost your password?
Log in
Username
*
Email
Password
By signing up, you accept Home3ds’s
Terms of Service
and
privacy policy.
Register
Create an account
Login
@!-/#Chào mỪng1
@!-/#Chào mỪng1