Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
2
Loading…
{"id": "1g-SNmMV28VTgwx5zwPjJfgc8q5vARtrQ", "title": "Privacy Policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 2
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you to
understand how we deal with the personal identifiable information.
Generally, we do not collect any personal identifiable information from you when you download
our applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before
downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits to our application, we
even don't have a server to store such personal identifiable information.
Our app does use third party services that may collect informatx2ion used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
● Google Analytics for Firebase
● Firebase Crashlytics
Our app may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to
that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise
you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no
responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
If you have concern about your personal identifiable information being misused, or if you want
further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us (
vyroaiphoto@gmail.com ), we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a
timely manner.
Our app uses firebase analytics and crashlytics tools.
We will only share your personal data with others under the following conditions:
● If we are legally required to do so and are bound to disclose your personal data by a
juridical order or by a government or regulatory authority.
● If you violate the law or breach any terms of use of Vyro.ai.
Page 2 of 2
For any update of this Policy, we will send you notice on the interface of this Product to remind
you of relevant updates and indicate the updated provisions for your ease of reading.
Privacy Policy.pdf
Privacy Policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy Policy.pdf.