Privacy Policy
Any translated version of this document is provided for convenience only. The English version of this document shall control in the event of any conflict.
Last update and effective:  January 1, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how Faire Wholesale, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Faire,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and protects personal information. This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions.
Faire Wholesale B.V. (Wilhelmina van Pruisenweg 35, 2595AN 's-Gravenhage, Den Haag, The Netherlands) is the data controller for the personal information collected in connection with use of Faire’s services in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom. Faire Wholesale, Inc. (100 Potrero Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) is the data controller for the personal information collected in connection with use of Faire’s services elsewhere.
You can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below:
Information We Collect
How We Use Information
How We Disclose Information
Your Choices
How We Protect Information
How Long We Retain Information
International Transfers of Information
Third-Party Websites
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Contact Information
For the US, Canada and Rest of the World (excluding Australia and New Zealand)
For the EEA and the United Kingdom
Additional Information For California Residents
Information We Collect
We collect information about you in a variety of ways depending on how you interact with us and our websites, applications, products, services and other offerings (collectively, the “Services”), including:
Directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you browse and use our Services, create an account, contact our Support team, sign up to receive communications from us, place an order/make a purchase, or contact us by phone, email, chat, or otherwise.
Automatically through the use of cookies, server logs, third party integrations, and other similar technologies when you interact with our Services, advertisements, and emails.
From other sources, including, for example, our affiliates, business partners, referral programs, service providers, social networking sites, and other third parties, or from publicly available sources.
The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect in a variety of contexts and how we use that information.
Context
Types of Personal Information
Primary Purpose for Collection
and Use of Personal Information
Business Identity Verification
In some cases, we may request additional information to validate your business, such as photos of your store or your company’s social media profiles. In some cases, we may request information such as your tax identifier or other government issued numbers or financial or lease records to establish your account limits.
We have a legitimate interest in verifying your identity and preventing fraud.
Account Registration
Brands:
When you register as a Brand with Faire, we will collect your first and last name, brand name, website, address, phone number, and information about your brand such as the primary category of products you provide, the countries you operate in, and your social media profiles.
If you are accepted as a Brand for Faire, we may ask for additional information to build out your profile such as your profile photo, wholesale pricing and order requirements, and years you have been established.
Retailers:
When you register as a Retailer with Faire, we will collect your first and last name, email address, phone number, business address, website, store name, store address, years you have been in business, and projected sales figures.
We have a legitimate interest in allowing you to set up a user account and profile, providing account related functionalities, and communicating with you about your account and updates to our Services. We also use this information to perform our contract with you to provide products or services.
Virtual Assistants
To the extent that you interact with Virtual Assistants on our Services, we will collect any content you choose to provide during such interactions. Depending on the purpose for which you are using the Virtual Assistants, we may collect personal information such as your name, contact information, order information, and information about your interests and preferences. We may also keep records of those interactions, including but not limited to chatlogs or conversations.
We have a legitimate interest in communicating with you including responding to your questions, complaints, or comments. We also have a legitimate interest in providing you with information, products, services, or suggestions you request. We also have a legitimate interest in improving the Services, including training and improving our artificial intelligence chat algorithms.
Communications with Us
We collect personal information from you when you communicate with us, for example when you request information about our Services or contact our Support team. This may include your name, contact information, and the contents of your communication.
We have a legitimate interest in communicating with you including receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues.
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technology
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to collect information automatically through our Services. These technologies are small data files that we transfer to your browser or device that allows us to provide and enhance our Services.
We also participate in behavior-based advertising. This means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our Services so that they can report analytics to us or provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. That third party might also collect information over time and across different websites in order to serve advertisements on our Services or other websites.
Please refer to our dedicated
Cookie Policy
for more information on how we use cookies and similar automatic collection technologies when providing our Services.
We have a legitimate interest in making our Services operate efficiently. Where required by law, we base the use of tracking technology upon consent.
Demographic Information
Faire collects demographic information including race, ethnic origin, disability and sexual orientation to allow Brands to indicate their affinities and values on their profile. This information is entirely optional.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored services and communities. Where required by law, we process this information based on your consent.
Forums and Social Media
Our Services may provide forums, blogs, social media pages, or other channels where individuals may review purchases, talk about their experience using our Services, or “like” or “share” content to social media. Note that content provided for and posted in these channels, including by you, is public and that the processing of your information might be subject to the policies and notices of third parties that make such channels available or index such content.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users, facilitating communications between you and other users, and allowing you to create and share content with others.
Mailing List
If you register for our newsletter, we collect your email address or postal address.
We share information about our products and services with individuals that consent to receive such information. We also have a legitimate interest in sharing information about our products or services.
Order Placement and Fulfillment
Brands:
When you receive an order through Faire, we will collect information to facilitate that order, such as your Tax Identification Number, tax class, and bank account information so we can pay you.
Retailers:
If you place an order to purchase goods from Brands through Faire, we will collect information to facilitate that order, such as your shipping address, Tax Identification Number, and payment information.
We use your information to perform our contract to fulfil your requests for products and services.
Referral Programs
We may collect information about you through a referral program, such as when a Faire Retailer or Brand refers one of their existing customers, leads, or partners to Faire. This may include your name, store name, and email address. If you have been referred to Faire but wish to opt out of emails from us, please contact us as explained below.
We have a legitimate interest in fulfilling our referral programs.
Server Logs
Whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the internet is used), geolocation data, device identification, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested.
We have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites. Among other things, it helps us understand which of our Services is the most popular.
Single sign-on
If you access our services through a third party or social networking site, we may collect information about you that has been made available via your privacy settings with that third party. For example, if you register for Faire with Facebook, we may collect your name, profile ID, location, gender, profile picture and list of your friends.
We have a legitimate interest in providing our users access to our services through single sign-on.
Surveys
We may ask you to participate in optional surveys, where you may be asked to provide personal information.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding your opinions and collecting information relevant to our organisation.
Sweepstakes and contests
We may conduct sweepstakes or contests where you may be asked to provide personal information.
We have a legitimate interest in operating the sweepstakes or contests, including contacting you about the sweepstakes or contests. In some contexts we are also required by law to collect and publicly share information about those that enter into our sweepstakes or contests, and we have a legitimate interest in complying with those laws.
Third-party integrations
We may offer third-party integrations. If you choose to integrate third-party applications with Faire, we will collect personal information as part of that integration. Since each third-party service you may choose to integrate collects different personal information, the detail in which information will be collected will be explained during the integration setup process. For more information on integrations, please contact us as described below.
We have a legitimate interest in providing third-party integrations to our users.
Use of the services
When you browse and use our services, we collect information about the items you browse, show interest in and buy.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our services to better improve them, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful.
Invoice terms
We allow some retailers the ability to pay for purchases within a set amount of time (e.g. 60 days).  We may use information about the retailer to automatically determine payment terms and the amount of time within which invoices must be settled.  That information may include things such as their previous payment history, purchase history, historic past due status on Faire, and payment plan history.
We use this information prior to entering into contractual payment terms with our business clients.
How We Use Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To provide you with our Services
To determine your order or account limits and eligibility for extended payment terms
Process applications, transactions, and payments
Allow you to register for events
Engage in marketing or sales outreach
Provide customized content, offers, or Services, including marketing content via email, postal mail, social media, SMS, or other channels, subject to applicable laws
Research and develop Services, including but not limited to training artificial intelligence chat algorithms
Improve and streamline our Services
Detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Ensure quality control
Debug to identify and repair errors
Enforce our Terms and policies
Audit or other compliance activities
To comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to establish or exercise our rights, and to defend against a legal claim
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships
For such other purposes as you may consent (from time to time)
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. For example, if you complete an online purchase, we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order. As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business.
We use personal information to create de-identified, aggregated or anonymized information such as: information about demographics, de-identified location information, information about devices used to access our Services, and de-identified, aggregate or anonymized information on transactions on our Services that help our users understand and optimize sales. To the extent we maintain and use personal information in a deidentified form, we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except for the purpose of determining whether our deidentification processes satisfy our legal obligations.
How We Disclose Information
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose personal information in the following situations:
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliated companies.
Business Transfers.
We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may disclose and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, personal information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Credit Evaluation.
If you are extended payment terms, we may disclose aggregated payment performance information to third-party service providers that report on payment performance to Faire and other businesses.
Service Providers.
We may share your information with service providers. Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
Advertising on the Faire Platform.
We may allow advertisers and/or merchant partners (“Advertisers”) to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers. We may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers. For example, we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses, but we will not tell such businesses who you are. Or, we might allow Advertisers to display their ads to users with similar usage patterns to yours, but we will not disclose usage information to Advertisers except in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. Note that if an advertiser asks us to show an ad to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that ad, the Advertiser may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they were trying to reach.
Third-party Advertising.
We want to make sure that our advertising is relevant and interesting to you and our other users. To achieve this, we use specialized third-party advertising companies, including companies which collect data about you in order to build a profile of your preferences based on your activities when you visit or use the Services. We also use these companies to automatically collect data from you when you use the Services in order to help us identify the ads that are served to you and what you do after seeing those ads. When you enter your email address or similar details through our Services (either to log in, or to sign up to a service, newsletter, or similar) we may disclose personal or other information that we collect from you, such as your email (in a hashed form) or other unique identifiers, to third-party technology companies that help us personalize our services to you (including our ads). For example, we may use Meta’s custom audience and conversion offerings and disclose your email address and other identifiers in a protected format with Meta so that we can: include you in a custom audience that we will serve relevant advertising content to on Meta platforms; or create an audience of other Meta users based on the information in your profile (i.e., Instagram or Facebook platform). You can manage the data which is disclosed by such third parties with us by amending your preferences, using the privacy settings which these third parties provide on their platforms. For further information relating to our third-party partners or to opt-out of such sharing of your information please reach out to us via
privacy@faire.com
.
User Profiles and Submissions.
Certain user profile information, including your name, location, and any video or image content that such user has uploaded to the Services, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services or address your request for our services. Your account privacy settings may allow you to limit the other users who can see the personal information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others. Please remember that any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by anyone. Your user name may also be displayed to other users if you send messages or comments or upload images or videos through the Services and other users can contact you through messages and comments.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent.
We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third-party intermediary.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent.
We may disclose your information to other third parties when we have your consent or direction to do so.
Your Choices
Some jurisdictions give you a right to make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Access.
You may request access to your personal information or confirmation that we have information about you. In certain limited circumstances, you may also request to receive access to your personal information in a portable, machine-readable format.
Correction.
You may request that we correct personal information that is inaccurate or incomplete. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Deletion. You may request that we delete your personal information. If required by law, we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another business purposes.
Opt-out of Targeted Advertising.
You may opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Cookie Policy” link on our homepage and locating the Cookies Settings link. Please note that if you change browsers or computers, or if you clear your browser’s cache, you may need to click the link again to apply your preference.
Objection to or Restriction of Certain Processing.
In certain circumstances, you may object to the processing of your personal information, or request that we restrict processing of your personal information. This may include objecting to decisions based solely on automated processing, including profiling, and requesting human intervention in relation to an automated decision so that you can express your view and contest the decision.
Revocation Of Consent. Where we process your personal information based upon consent, you may revoke consent. Please note, if you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services.
Online Tracking.
We do not currently recognize the “Do Not Track” signal.
Promotional Communications.
If you no longer wish to receive promotional communications from us, follow the unsubscribe instructions in the message that you receive from us. Note, if you decide not to receive promotional communications, we may still send you service-related communications.
Please note, not all of the rights described above are absolute, and they do not apply in all circumstances. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request because the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. We will not discriminate against individuals who exercise their privacy rights under applicable law.
Submitting Requests
You may exercise the rights described above by contacting us as described in the “Contact Information” section below. To protect your privacy, we may take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by asking you to log in to your Faire account or confirm your email address.
If you are a California resident, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf. To do so, you must (1) provide that authorized agent written and signed permission to submit such request, and (2) verify your own identity directly with us. If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual, you must contact us as described below and provide written proof that you are able to act on another person’s behalf.
How We Protect Information
No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Some of our websites permit you to create an account. When you do you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
How Long We Retain Information
We generally retain your personal information for only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we obtained the information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, as well as applicable legal requirements.
International Transfers of Information
As a multi-national company, we transmit information between and among our affiliates and service providers. As a result, your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States where our global headquarters are located. If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below. You may also request a copy of any Standard Contractual Clauses we use for the transfer of your data outside of the EEA or the United Kingdom by contacting us as described in the “Contact Information" below.
Third-Party Websites
For your convenience, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content or services that we do not own or operate. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. Please note, we have no control over the privacy practices websites, or services that we do not own. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party website or application for details about such third party’s privacy practices.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our practices, technology, legal requirements and other factors. When changes are made to this Privacy Policy, they will become immediately effective when published. You can check the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. We will take reasonable steps to alert you to material changes by placing a notice on the https://www.faire.com website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means.
Children
As noted in the Terms of Service, we do not knowingly collect nor solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 18 may have provided us with personal information, please contact us as described below.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices, or if you need to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format due to having a disability, please contact us at privacy@faire.com or by regular mail via:
For the US, Canada and Rest of the World (excluding Australia and New Zealand)
Faire Wholesale, Inc.
100 Potrero Avenue
San Francisco, CA 94103
USA
For the EEA and the United Kingdom
Faire Wholesale B.V.
Wilhelmina van Pruisenweg 35
2595AN, The Hague, The Netherlands
You may also reach out to our data protection officer at
DPO.faire@twobirds.com
.
If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union or United Kingdom, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
Additional Information For California Residents
California law requires us to disclose the following additional information related to our privacy practices. If you are a California resident, the following privacy disclosures apply to you in addition to the rest of the Privacy Policy.
California Shine the Light.
If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the information in the “Contact Information” section above.
California Notice of Financial Incentive.
We may offer referral programs that include financial incentives. To participate in these referral programs, you may be asked to provide information regarding customers, colleagues, leads, or other third parties, such as their name, store name, and email address. They and/or you will receive rewards such as reduced commissions and/or fees, cash, or promotional credit to spend on the Faire marketplace if they sign up to use our Services. These referral programs are entirely voluntary. We do not assign a monetary value to the information we collect. Based on our reasonable estimate, the value of personal information received in referral programs depends on whether, how, and how often the referred party uses the Services. If you wish to withdraw from an incentive program, please contact us as described below.
Categories of Information We Collect, Use, and Disclose.
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect, disclose for a business purpose, or “share” (as that term is defined by California law). Please note, in addition to the recipients identified below, we may disclose any of the categories of personal information we collect with government entities, as may be needed to comply with law or prevent illegal activity or professional services organization which may include auditors and law firms. We do not “sell” your personal information for money. As discussed elsewhere in the Privacy Policy, we use cookies and similar tracking technologies for purposes of targeted advertising.
Category of personal information
Category of recipients
Disclosures for a business purpose
Sharing for cross-context behavioural advertising
Identifiers
– this may include real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, email address, account name or other similar identifiers.
Delivery and order and returns logistics service providers
Payment processors
Financial risk evaluation service providers
Data storage service providers
Analytics service providers
Customer support service providers
Technical, administrative and information service providers
Advertising networks
Government-issued identification
– this may include tax identification number.
Service providers
Not shared.
Financial information
– this may include bank account number, credit card number, debit card number and other financial information.
Payment processors and financial institutions
Not shared.
Characteristics of protected classifications
– this may include voluntary information you provide to us when you indicate affinities and values in your profile, such as age, sex, race, ethnicity, and physical or mental handicap.
Included in public profile at brand’s option
Not shared.
Commercial information
– this may include information about products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Data storage service providers
Analytics service providers
Customer service providers
Technical and administrative service providers
Advertising networks
Internet or other electronic network activity information
– this may include browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application or advertisement.
Data storage service providers
Analytics service providers
Technical and administrative service providers
Advertising networks
Geolocation data
– this includes information about your general location such as city, state or region.
Data storage service providers
Analytics service providers
Technical and administrative service providers
Not shared.
Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above
Service providers
Advertising networks
California Sensitive Information Disclosure.
We collect the following categories of sensitive personal information (as defined under California law): race, ethnic origin, and sexual orientation. This information is optional and collected in order to provide access to our affinities or values or on our social media pages, or if you want to be features in our “Community” pages, which allow Retailers to browse brands with particular value tags, e.g., black-owned brands. We also collect account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account in order to process transactions or provide you with Services. Note that we do not use such information for any purposes that are not identified within the California Privacy Rights Act Section 1798.121. We do not “sell” or “share” sensitive personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising.
©2025 Faire Wholesale, Inc.
Terms of Service
•
Privacy Policy
•
Cookie Policy
•
IP Policy
•
Sitemap
Languages
English (US)
English (US)
English (UK)
English (AU)
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
Español
Nederlands
Português
Svenska
Dansk