Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
9
Loading…
{"id": "1ujPbjksYOoHRNbiFW7Qb7G2jbhoknj7w", "title": "Temperature app+-Privacy Policy-12_18_2020.docx", "mimeType": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document"}
Page 1 of 9
1
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: 12/18/2020
1. Introduction
Welcome to Temperature app+.
Temperature app+ (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates Temperature app+ mobile
application (hereinafter referred to as “Service”).
Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to Temperature app+ mobile application, and explains
how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.
We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the
collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in
this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions.
Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the
Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“agreement”).
2. Definitions
SERVICE means the Temperature app+ mobile application operated by Temperature app+.
PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those
data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our
possession).
USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from
Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in
common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which
any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we
are a Data Controller of your data.
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who
processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various
Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject,
who is the subject of Personal Data.
3. Information Collection and Use
Page 2 of 9
2
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve
our Service to you.
4. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally
identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
(a) Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or
when you access Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer&#39;s Internet Protocol address
(e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the
time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and
other diagnostic data.
When you access Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information
such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of
your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you
use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we
hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique
identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other
tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track
information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
(a) Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
(b) Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and
various settings.
(c) Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
(d) Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements
that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Page 3 of 9
3
5. Use of Data
Temperature app+ uses the collected data for various purposes:
(a) to provide and maintain our Service;
(b) to notify you about changes to our Service;
(c) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do
so;
(d) to provide customer support;
(e) to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
(f) to monitor the usage of our Service;
(g) to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
(h) to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
(i) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into
between you and us, including for billing and collection;
(j) to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration
and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;
(k) to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods,
services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already
purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;
(l) in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
(m) for any other purpose with your consent.
6. Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in
this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to
comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to
comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and
policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally
retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to
improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for
longer time periods.
7. Transfer of Data
Temperature app+-Privacy Policy-12_18_2020.docx
Temperature app+-Privacy Policy-12_18_2020.docx
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Temperature app+-Privacy Policy-12_18_2020.docx. Page 1 of 9