Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
These definitions should help you better to understand this privacy policy.
When we say “Service”, it refers to the Xiashi Limited’s service which can be accessed via our application;
The terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to developer that develops Xiashi Limited;
“You” refers to you, as a user of Xiashi Limited's Service;
“Information” means all information that can be used to identify you. Here it refers to personal information.
1. WHAT INFORMATION OR DATA WE COLLECT
We may serve ads to users in certain regions. The third party advertising networks may collect information through their SDKs, such as your mobile advertising identifier, IP address, device information, and cookies, which cannot be tied back to individual users. If you are using a VPN connection, your IP address is hidden from ad networks and replaced with the IP address of our VPN servers.
﻿
Cookies are small portions of text that are stored on the device you use to access our services. Cookies enable  third parties that we allow to set cookies on your device to recognize repeat users but cannot be tied back to individual.
﻿
Communications and submissions. You may choose to provide us with information when you communicate with us (e.g. via email for support or to inquire about our services), including when you fill out an online form, respond to surveys, provide feedback, participate in promotions, or submit information through our services.
Usage information. We collect information about how you interact with our services, such as how much bandwidth you use, and when and for how long you use our services.
﻿
Device information. We collect information from and about the device you use to access our services. For example, we may collect device identifiers, device types and settings, operating system versions, mobile, wireless, and other network information (such as internet service provider name, carrier name and signal strength), and application version numbers.
﻿
Diagnostic information. We may collect information about the nature of the requests that you make to our servers (such as what is being requested, information about the device and app used to make the request, timestamps, and referring URLs). However, we do not log any information that associates your identity with your VPN browsing activity.
﻿
In addition to this, our VPN are anonymized and cannot be tied back to individual users. We don’t collect, upload or store any further information or data about you.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION OR DATA
We use the information we collect for various purposes described below.
To provide, maintain, troubleshoot, and support our services. We use your information for this purpose on the basis that it is required to fulfill our contractual obligations to you. Examples: using information about how much bandwidth you use and how long you use our services in order to provide the services in accordance with a plan to which you have subscribed; using threat and device information to determine whether certain items pose a potential security threat; using location information to connect you to the nearest and fastest VPN server; and using usage information to troubleshoot a problem you report with our services and to ensure the proper functioning of our services.
﻿
For billing and payment purposes. We use your information in order to perform billing administration activities and process payments, which are required to fulfill our contractual obligations.
﻿
To communicate with users and prospective users. We use your information to communicate with you, including by responding to your requests, and sending you information and updates about our services. We may do this in order to fulfill our contract with you, because you consented to the communication, or because we have a legitimate interest in providing you with information about our services.
﻿
To improve our services. We want to offer you the best services and user experiences we can, so we have a legitimate interest in continually improving and optimizing our services. To do so, we use your information to understand how users interact with our services. Examples: we analyze certain usage, device, and diagnostic information to understand aggregated usage trends and user engagement with our services (and, for example, invest in technical infrastructure to better serve regions with increasing user demand); we may use device and threat information to conduct spam, threat, and other scientific research to improve our threat detection capabilities; we review customer feedback to understand what we could be doing better.
﻿
To develop new services. We have a legitimate interest in using your information to plan for and develop new services. For example, we may use customer feedback to understand what new services users may want.
﻿
To market and advertise our services. We may use your information to provide,measure, personalize, and enhance our advertising and marketing based on our legitimate interest in offering you services that may be of interest. Examples: we may use information such as who or what referred you to our services to understand how effective our advertising is; we may use information to administer promotional activities such as sweepstakes and referral programs. Our VPN products do not use your VPN browsing activity for these purposes and we do not maintain any records that show what you were browsing or accessing through a VPN connection.
﻿
To prevent harm or liability. We may use information for security purposes (such as to investigate security issues or to monitor and prevent fraud) and to prevent abuse. We may do this to comply with our legal obligations, to protect an individual’s vital interests, or because we have a legitimate interest in preventing harm or liability to us and our users. For example, we may use account, usage, and device information to determine if an entity is engaging in abusive or unauthorized activity in connection with our services.
Your advertising identifier, IP address, and device information are collected in order to serve you “personalized” ads (ads that these advertising networks believe are more relevant to you) and to measure your response to those ads.
Cookies are used only for advertising-related purposes. We advertise our services online with the help of third parties who show ads and marketing about us on sites around the internet.
In addition to this, we’ve engineered our systems to categorically eliminate storage of user’s data. We may know THAT some one has used our VPN, but we never know who is using our service and HOW they have utilized our service. We stand by our firm commitment to our customers’ privacy by not collect, upload or store any data related to a user.
If for any reason a government, business, or any other type of organization will want to acquire from us any user data, it will be impossible for us to do so because the data simply does not exist.
3. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION OR DATA
Third party service providers help us provide some aspects of our services, we work with our affiliates and trusted third parties. To protect your data, we enter into appropriate confidentiality and data processing terms with these third parties, review their security practices, and limit information sharing to the scope of what they are helping us with. Examples of activities that third parties help us with include: maintaining the infrastructure required to provide our services, delivering our marketing and advertising content, serving advertising content.
SDKs is software code provided by our business partners that let our software interact with the services those partners provide. For example, in certain of our mobile apps, we may use an SDK to enable our app to serve ads from an advertising network. Sometimes these interactions will involve that business partner collecting some information from the device on which the software is run.
In addition to this, we do not shell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your information with third parties, because the data simply does not exist.
4. Tracking Technologies & Cookies
4.1. About Tracking Technologies
We use various technologies in our services to help us collect information. For convenience, we refer to these as “tracking technologies,” although they are not always used to track individuals and the information collected is in a non-identifiable form that does not reference any personal data. Tracking technologies include:
Cookies
Cookies are small portions of text that are stored on the device you use to access our services. Cookies enable us (or third parties that we allow to set cookies on your device) to recognize repeat users. Cookies may expire after a period of time, depending on what they are used for.
SDKs
SDKs or software development kits are software code provided by our business partners that let our software interact with the services those partners provide. For example, in certain of our mobile apps, we may use an SDK to enable our app to serve ads from an advertising network. Sometimes these interactions will involve that business partner collecting some information from the device on which the software is run.
4.2. Why we use Cookies
We use cookies:
For advertising-related purposes. We advertise our services online with the help of third parties who show ads and marketing about us on sites around the internet.
4.3. Third Parties
We may allow our business partners to place certain tracking technologies in our services. These partners use these technologies for the following purposes:
1) To provide our services. Some business partners who help us to provide our services may use these technologies to support those efforts.
2) For Marketing. To help us market and advertise our services to you, including on third party websites. Cookies are used in connection with this to measure the performance of our advertising, attribute actions you take with our ads with actions you take on our services, deliver ad retargeting (serving ads based on your past interactions with our services), and target ads at similar audiences.
3) To Serve Ads. Ad networks may use these technologies to display ads which they think will be more relevant to you. For more information, please see the “Displaying Advertisements” section above.
4.4. Your Choices
Our Cookies: Most web browsers and some mobile devices give you the ability to manage your cookie preferences, including deleting cookies and blocking cookies from being set on those browsers or devices. Visit the “help” section of your mobile device to understand what controls it gives you over cookies. Note that deleting or blocking certain cookies could adversely impact the proper operation of our services.
Third Party Advertising Cookies: For information on how to opt out of personalized or interest-based advertising, you can visit the following pages:
1) Network Advertising Initiative opt out page
2) Digital Advertising Alliance opt out page
3) Your Online Choices (for Australian residents)
4) Your Online Choices (for EU residents)
To opt out from Google ad personalization, visit the Google Ads Settings page. These opt out mechanisms are not provided by us and we are not responsible for the availability or operation of them. Note that after opting out of personalized advertising you may still see non-personalized ads.
5. CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT
You understands that the present Privacy Policy is subject to changes made by us at any time at its sole discretion, and you agree to be bound by any and all modifications, changes and/or revisions.
6. How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, please feel free to contact us at the following email address: lichengdev@qq.com
Contact us: xiashivpn@qq.com
Copyright © 2022 Xiashi Limited. All rights reserved.