Privacy Policy
I-
Introduction
We at
Fine Fare Food Market
know you care about your privacy, and so do we. We have developed this Privacy Policy to describe the types of Personal Information we may collect, how we may use and share that information, and how we protect it and to explain your rights under data protection regulations.
We are strongly dedicated to handling your personal information always responsibly, diligently and in compliance with all legal requirements. We are not in the business of selling Personal Information about you to advertisers or spammers. State of the art professional standards will be applied to protect the integrity and security of your personal information.
By accessing and/or using our mobile applications, platforms and/or websites “
Platforms
”, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Platforms. By accessing or using our Platforms, you agree to this privacy policy.
“Personal Information” is any information that relates to you, and which, alone or in combination with other information, could reasonably be used to identify you.
II-
What information we collect?
Unless otherwise agreed with you, we will collect only the basic personal information required in connection with our business relationship.
While doing business with you, we will also collect business-related data which may include information on purchases, services and other business activities, product feedback and any other information you may provide us.
Information You Provide and Information We Collect from Other Sources
You may choose to submit Personal Information and other information to us by purchasing or interacting with our Platforms, such as when you create and manage a user account, communicate with us by email, or telephone, submit job applications, or participate in surveys.
For certain we ask you to provide information including:
Web Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
If you use our Platforms, please note that these use cookies and other analytical tools.
We may use web analytics services on our Platforms, such as those of Google Analytics. The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies to help us analyze how visitors use our site. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate the use of the website or for advertising purposes.
We use these cookies for the following purposes:
III-
How We Use the Information We Collect?
We may use the information we collect from you to:
We also use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection. We will do so only to the extent permitted by applicable law and take appropriate safeguards to ensure the security and integrity of your personal data.
IV-
How We May Share Information?
We may share your personal information with any member of Fine Fare Food Market, including subsidiaries, affiliates and holding companies, to enable you to request our services, to process your payments, understand your preferences, send you information about products and services that you may have expressed interest and conduct the other activities described in this privacy policy.
We may share information about you: (i) to our carefully selected third-party service providers to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, to comply with any court order, law or legal process (iii) to protect our legitimate business interests or (iv) in any other case with your consent.
We may also instruct service providers, domestically or abroad, to process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. We will retain control over your personal data and will remain fully responsible to you when engaging service providers.
We may share with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers or others.
We may also share your personal data with third parties if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, along with its professional advisers. If the company or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by us about customers will be one of the transferred assets.
Otherwise, no third parties will have access to your personal data unless there is a legal obligation or you give us permission to do so.
V-
How We Protect Personal Information?
We will take all steps that are reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable data protection laws.
We have implemented and maintained appropriate technical and organizational security measures, policies and procedures to protect your personal information from the accidental loss, unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
Measures we take includes:
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information.
We ensure that, in compliance with applicable law, we do not retain Personal Information longer than necessary. We will keep personal data about you for as long as we have a relationship with you, for example as long as you wish to keep receiving marketing messages from us, or as long as you are a customer (and for a reasonable period thereafter). When determining how long to retain Personal Information after we no longer have a relationship with you, we take into account how long our customers usually want to continue hearing from us, our legal obligations and the expectations of regulators.
We are also required to keep certain of your personal data (e.g. relating to business transactions) for certain retention periods under applicable law. Your personal data will be promptly deleted when it is no longer required for these purposes.
VI-
Confidentiality
The information you provide may be confidential, and we will maintain such confidentiality and protect your information in accordance with this privacy policy, our professional obligations and applicable law. We do not sell, rent, distribute, or otherwise make, personal information commercially available to any third party. We may share information with our service providers for the purpose set out in this Privacy Policy.
VII-
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Information we maintain about you, update or correct inaccuracies in that information, or request that we remove your Personal Information from our systems and stop contacting you at any time.
We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example,
We will make every reasonable effort to honour your request in-line with applicable laws. In the event we require additional time due to the complexity of the request, we shall promptly inform you of the same.
You also have in particular circumstances the right to object to our uses of your Personal Information, the right to restrict our uses of your Personal Information, and the right to have personal data transmitted in electronic form to you or to a third. Where we process personal data based on consent, individuals have a right to withdraw consent at any time.
We can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction, where:
We are not required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary:
For any of the above requests, please send a description of your personal data concerned and state name, email address, your personal account and customer number as proof of identity by following the instructions provided in Section IX “How to contact us” We may require additional proof of identity to protect your personal data against unauthorized access.
If you have any concerns about how your personal data is handled by us or wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us by following the instructions provided in Section IX “How to contact us” to have the matter investigated. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the competent data protection supervisory authority in your country.
VIII-
Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated in
January 2021
.
From time to time, we may make changes or amend it as required to comply with applicable data protection law. So you may wish to check back from time to time. Any amended information Data Privacy Notice will apply from the date it is posted on our website.
IX-
How to Contact Us?
If you have any comments or inquiries about this Privacy Policy, if you would like to update information we have about you or to exercise your rights, you may contact us in one of the following ways:
1- send an email to WaitroseLegal@finefarefood.com  or
2- send a communication the following address:
Fine Fare Food Market LLC
Legal Department
Spinneys Shopping Centre
1st Floor
Meydan, Nad Al Sheba 1
P. O. Box. 677
Dubai, UAE
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy.