No products available yet
Stay tuned! More products will be shown here as they are added.No products available yet
Stay tuned! More products will be shown here as they are added.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.prettyballerinas.eu/en/content/privacy-policy.html:
Home
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., in compliance with current regulations on the protection of personal data, informs that the personal data collected through the forms on the website: https://www.prettyballerinas.eu, are included in the specific automated files of users of the services of Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U.
The collection and automated processing of personal data is intended to maintain the commercial relationship and to perform tasks of information, training, advice, and other activities specific to Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U.
These data will only be transferred to those entities that are necessary for the sole purpose of fulfilling the aforementioned objective.
Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. adopts the necessary measures to ensure the security, integrity, and confidentiality of data in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of April 27, 2016, on the protection of natural persons concerning the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data, and repealing the old LOPD, the new Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on the Protection of Personal Data and Guarantee of Digital Rights (LOPDGDD).
The user may at any time exercise the rights of access, opposition, rectification, cancellation, limitation, and portability recognized in the said Regulation (EU). The exercise of these rights can be carried out by the user via email at: bfernandez@mascaro.com or at the address: Passeig De Les Filadores, 8, C.P. 07750 - Ferreries (Illes Balears).
The user declares that all data provided by him are true and correct, and undertakes to keep them updated, communicating changes to Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U.
Purpose of the processing of personal data:
For what purpose will we process your personal data?
At Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., we will process your personal data collected through the Website: https://www.prettyballerinas.es, for the following purposes:
1. Sending commercial information and newsletters about new services offered on the web and the sector.
2. Acquiring the products offered through the website.
3. Sending promotional information via electronic means.
4. Providing the information requested by the user through the contact form.
We remind you that you can oppose the sending of commercial communications by any means and at any time, by sending an email to the above-mentioned address.
The fields of these records are mandatory, making it impossible to carry out the expressed purposes if these data are not provided.
For how long are the personal data collected kept?
The personal data provided will be kept as long as the commercial relationship is maintained or you do not request their deletion and during the period for which legal liabilities may arise from the services provided.
Legitimation:
The processing of your data is carried out with the following legal bases that legitimize it:
1. The request for information and/or the contracting of the services of Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., whose terms and conditions will be made available to you in any case, before a possible contracting.
2. The free, specific, informed, and unequivocal consent, as we inform you by making this privacy policy available to you, which, after reading it, if you agree, you can accept by a declaration or a clear affirmative action, such as ticking a box provided for this purpose.
If you do not provide us with your data or do so in an erroneous or incomplete manner, we will not be able to attend to your request, making it entirely impossible to provide you with the requested information or carry out the contracting of the services.
Recipients:
The data will not be communicated to any third party outside Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., except under legal obligation.
Hosting services located outside the European Economic Area, in the USA, considered a safe destination for international data transfers, have been contracted under the Privacy Shield.
Data collected by users of the services
In cases where the user includes files with personal data on the shared hosting servers, Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. is not responsible for the user's non-compliance with the RGPD.
Intellectual property rights https://www.prettyballerinas.es
Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. is the holder of all copyright, intellectual property, industrial, "know how" and any other rights related to the contents of the website https://www.prettyballerinas.es and the services offered therein, as well as the programs necessary for its implementation and the related information.
Reproduction, publication, and/or use not strictly private of the contents, total or partial, of the website https://www.prettyballerinas.es without prior written consent is not allowed.
Intellectual property of the software
The user must respect the third-party programs made available by Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., even if they are free and/or publicly available.
Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. holds the necessary exploitation and intellectual property rights of the software.
The user does not acquire any right or license by the contracted service, on the software necessary for the provision of the service, nor on the technical information of the service monitoring, except for the rights and licenses necessary for the fulfillment of the contracted services and only during the duration of the same.
For any action that exceeds the fulfillment of the contract, the user will need written authorization from Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., being prohibited the user to access, modify, visualize the configuration, structure, and files of the servers owned by Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., assuming civil and criminal liability arising from any incident that may occur in the servers and security systems as a direct consequence of a negligent or malicious action on their part.
Intellectual property of the hosted contents
The use contrary to the legislation on intellectual property of the services provided by Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. and, in particular of:
1. The use that is contrary to Spanish laws or that infringes the rights of third parties.
2. The publication or transmission of any content that, in the opinion of Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., is violent, obscene, abusive, illegal, racial, xenophobic, or defamatory.
3. The cracks, serial numbers of programs, or any other content that violates the intellectual property rights of third parties.
4. The collection and/or use of personal data of other users without their express consent or in contravention of the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of April 27, 2016, on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data.
5. The use of the domain's mail server and email addresses for sending unsolicited bulk email.
The user has full responsibility for the content of his website, the information transmitted and stored, the hypertext links, third-party claims, and legal actions in reference to intellectual property, third-party rights, and the protection of minors.
The user is responsible concerning the laws and regulations in force and the rules that have to do with the operation of the online service, electronic commerce, copyright, maintenance of public order, as well as universal principles of Internet use.
The user will indemnify Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. for the expenses generated by the imputation of Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. in any cause whose responsibility is attributable to the user, including fees and expenses of legal defense, even in the case of a non-final judicial decision.
Protection of the hosted information
Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. makes backup copies of the contents hosted on its servers, however, it is not responsible for the loss or accidental deletion of data by users. Likewise, it does not guarantee the total replacement of the data deleted by the users, as the said data could have been deleted and/or modified during the period of time since the last backup.
The services offered, except for specific backup services, do not include the replacement of the contents kept in the backup copies made by Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U., when this loss is attributable to the user; in this case, a fee will be determined according to the complexity and volume of the recovery, always with the user's prior acceptance.
The replacement of deleted data is only included in the service price when the content loss is due to causes attributable to Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U..
Commercial communications
In application of the LSSI. Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. will not send advertising or promotional communications by email or other equivalent electronic means of communication that have not been previously requested or expressly authorized by the recipients thereof.
In the case of users with whom there is a prior contractual relationship, Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. is authorized to send commercial communications regarding products or services of Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. that are similar to those initially contracted with the client .
In any case, the user, after proving his identity, may request not to receive further commercial information through the Customer Service channels.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA?
The User may exercise their rights of access, rectification, deletion, and opposition, as well as limitation and portability of their data in compliance with the provisions of the current regulations on data protection. The exercise of these rights must be made through a written communication signed by the owner of the data, indicating their address, and attaching a copy of their National Identity Document or other supporting document, addressed to Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. at the email address info@prettyballerinas.com, or by sending written communication to the following postal address: Passeig de les filadores, 9, 07750, Ferreries, Illes Balears, Spain
Likewise, the User may oppose the sending of commercial communications from Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. and withdraw their consent without affecting the lawfulness of the processing of their personal data for other purposes.
Desarrollos Insulares S.A.U. informs its Users of the possibility they have to file a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency in case they consider that they have not obtained proper assistance in the exercise of the rights mentioned in this section.
Save products on your wishlist to buy them later or share with your friends.
Email
*
Password
*
No account? Create one here
Forgot your password?
No account? Create one here
Product added to wishlist
Producto eliminado de favoritos
×
×
Our partners will collect data and use cookies to deliver personalised ads and measure performance. We use our own and third party cookies for analytical purposes, to improve our services and to show you advertising related to your preferences based on your browsing habits. Click on "Privacy and Cookie Policy" to learn more. You can accept all cookies by clicking on "Accept all cookies" or configure them in "Configure". Find out how our partners collect and use data by clicking on "Configure".
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookie name
Provider
Purpose
Expiry
apc_popup_session
https://www.prettyballerinas.es
Used to know if it is a new browser session.
Session
cookiesplus
https://www.prettyballerinas.es
Stores your cookie preferences.
1 year
PrestaShop-#
https://www.prettyballerinas.es
This cookie helps keep user sessions open while they are visiting a website, and help them make orders and many more operations such as: cookie add date, selected language, used currency, last product category visited, last seen products, client identification, name, first name, encrypted password, email linked to the account, shopping cart identification.
4800 hours
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Configure
Reject
Accept
Accept only selected cookies
Accept all cookies
×
Content not available