Privacy
Policy
We ("Application," "us," "our," or "we") are committed to safeguarding our users' privacy rights ("Users," "you"). This Privacy Policy ("Policy") outlines the methods and reasons for our collection, usage, storage, disclosure, and management of the information and data you provide or that we gather when you use our Application. Please be aware that this Policy is exclusively applicable to the information and data collected or received by us through your interaction with the Application. We bear no responsibility for the actions of third parties, the content on their websites, the usage of information or data you supply to them, or any products or services they offer. Any links to those sites do not imply our endorsement or association with those individuals or companies.
DATA WE COLLECT
We collect the following types of information about you:
Personal Data
Personal data can include: name, postal address, telephone
number or email address. We can also receive information about your interest in
and use of various products, programs, services, and content available. Such
personal data will only be collected when: (a) you voluntarily provide us with
the information; and (b) the information is needed for us to deliver the
service you have requested. Your prior consent is necessary if we are to use
such data in actions not mentioned above.
Metadata
Metadata generally refers to the technical information linked to your utilization of the Application. It details aspects such as the timing, origin, and the formatting of user-generated content. This kind of data is exclusively utilized by us to enhance and evolve the primary functionalities of the Application. However, this data is not associated with specific users, and we do not use it to monitor individual users.
Log Data
To track how our service is accessed and used, we adopt
third-party analytics tools such as Google Firebase to harvest user behavior
data such as the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that
assists us in improving the service. This information is non-personally identifiable
and will not be used to track individual user.
Third-party Services
Our advertising partners may use cookies and other tracking
technology to compile information about your device’s visits and usage patterns
on our service, to personalize the advertising content shown to you. Sharing
the information with these third parties does not constitute the collection or
storage of this data by us. In the event of the software development kits
(“SDKs”) incorporated into our Application from our advertising partners being
updated, we will integrate the new features in time, so as to keep you updated
on how your data will be used by these third parties.
Machine Learning Features
We provide you with features such as Eye-Points Recognition and
Facial Detection, which are developed on the basis of machine learning
technology. Your data may be transmitted to our servers when using the features
for processing in the server. We guarantee that your data will be deleted
promptly after processing. All our functions are developed and improved based
on famous legal open data, we don’t use users’ data for developing purpose. So,
we do not collect, permanently store or share any of your data.
MORE EXPLANATION:
We may collect necessary information for different purposes,
including:
1.1
To enable you
to use the functions of this application smoothly: Image and video processing
apps often need to use deep learning technology. This app has currently
developed or may develop functions that use deep learning related technologies
in the future. Since the deep learning technology used in these functions
requires a high-performance server to process, you need to upload pictures or
videos to the server for processing. These functions include but are not
limited to: AI depth beautification/AI painting/Quality Enhancement/Anime Filter/AI
Teeth/AI Smile/AI Portrait Editing Picture, etc. When using these features, the
app will ask for your permission if it needs to access your device's photo
library.
1.1.1
How do we
handle personal pictures and videos uploaded to the server:
The uploading and
processing of this information is necessary to provide these functions. And we
will follow the legal requirements and take strict measures for the
transmission and storage of your such information. We will encryption measures
to keep your information safe.
1.1.2
The use of such information
The
use of such information is limited to providing you with these functional
services. After the service is completed, the above information will be
automatically deleted by the system and will not be retained anymore. These
images are automatically deleted from our servers after 24 hours. Images and
videos generated by the app from your uploaded images and videos are
automatically deleted from our servers after 15 days. The technology
implemented in the application does not allow for unique identification or
authentication of individual users.
1.1.3
Future developments of these functions
For
the training and improvement of deep learning-related functions, we all use
public compliance data sets, or specially purchased legal data sets. The
pictures/videos uploaded by users will not be used for any purposes other than
the use of the functions themselves, including using for the training or
improvement of functions.
1.1.4
Responsibility for the content of uploaded information
Please
guarantee that you have the corresponding legal rights to the uploaded content
or have obtained legal authorization from others and have the right to use the
above functions. Otherwise, all the consequences and losses caused will be
borne by you.
1.1.5
We will not share any information related to 1.1 with any company, organization
or individual, except in the following cases:
-
Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will
share your personal information with other parties.
-
Sharing under statutory conditions: We may share your personal information
externally in accordance with laws and regulations, the need to resolve
litigation disputes, and in accordance with the mandatory requirements of
government authorities or judicial authorities.
-To
the extent required or permitted by law, it is necessary to provide your
personal information to a third party in order to protect the interests,
property or safety of the Concrete, its users, or the public from damage.
1.2 To improve our Apps and quality (for example, by
performing statistical analyses)
In
order to ensure the quality and stability performance of service and improve
our applications, we will use Google Firebase or Flurry SDK to collect,
analyze, correct faults and errors and help to reduce illegal use or abuse of
applications. And we will collect statistical data on user usage functions,
which will not be tracked Individual users, but based on aggregate statistics
for all users.
1.3
Handling and Responding to
Customer Support Communications.
In order to help users
deal with problems encountered during using, we will collect the identity
information and contact information (such as name, email address) which you
provide to us, as well as the content of your communication or request. We only
use this data for user support and if the case is closed, we will delete it
within 1 year.
1.4 Analyze your usage
information, including your preferences, interests and behaviors when using our
products.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We do not disclose user information to third parties without
permission from you in exclusion of the following instances. Please note that
the processing of your information by any third parties will have to comply
with our policies: (a) we may sell, transfer, or otherwise share some or all of
our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with
a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a corporate
divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of
assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution. Notices will be sent to
you before such transfer is actualized; (b) we may share your information with
our advertising partners who collect information from your device to improve
the display of advertisements on the Application and elsewhere online; (c) with
respect to jointly offered services or functionality or services offered
separately by other companies through our Application, we may share information
about you with business partners to provide the services and functionality you
request and to communicate with you about those services; (d) we may share
information about you in response to legal process or a request for information
if we believe disclosure is consistent with, or required by, any applicable
law, rule, or regulation; to investigate or remedy potential violations of our
user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of
us, our users, or others.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We care about the security of your information, and adopt
safeguarding measures to preserve the integrity and security of all information
collected through the Application. However, we do not ensure or warrant that
the security of the information on our Application may not be accessed,
disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
CONTACT US
For any questions about the policy, please contact us by email: service@pixlconcerto.com