Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
INTRO:
Welcome to the Andrey Denisov Privacy Policy ‘’Your Privacy is important to us’’.
Andrey Denisov makes games (apps) that offer fun and entertainment experiences for everyone to enjoy. Andrey Denisov respects the privacy of everyone who uses our games, apps, website(s) and all related services which we may provide to you from time to time (“Services”).
The Andrey Denisov give high respect to privacy rights and pay a lot of attention to preservation of information about users. This policy describes how Andrey Denisov collect, use, process and share information about you.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
This document “Privacy Policy” (hereinafter referred to as “Policy”) contains methods of collection and terms of use of the information about the User (hereinafter also referred to as “You”) by Andrey Denisov:
- The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so.
- How we use your personal data.
- The choices you have about your personal data.
By downloading, installing and using the games and apps of Andrey Denisov for mobile platforms you fully accept the terms of this Policy.
This Policy is an integral part of the documents referring to it including End User License Agreements (EULA) accompanying Applications and specifying the terms of use of the relevant Applications.
Unless otherwise expressly provided by this Policy the terms and definitions used herein have the meaning stipulated by the End User License Agreement.
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address).
Player name and password.
Profile information (such as profile photo).
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets.
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress.
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI).
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language.
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below).
General location data.
Precise geolocation data (GPS, with your consent).
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service.
In most cases, we also create a Games ID for you when you use the Service.
COLLECTION OF OTHER ‘NON-PERSONAL’ INFORMATION
Though Andrey Denisov itself does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, our websites, game and apps may contain APIs from third parties.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
AdColony: http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AdMob: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Unity Ads: http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle: http://vungle.com/privacy/
VK: https://vk.com/privacy
Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Google: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
If you would like to find out more about the way these third parties collect and process your information please refer to their respective privacy policies and/or terms and conditions by clicking on the links provided above.
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service.
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address).
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games (apps) or click fraud in advertising).
Data from platforms that the games (apps) run on (such as to verify payment).
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service.
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to:
Create accounts and allow you to play our games(apps) and use our Service.
Operate the Service.
Verify and confirm payments.
Provide and deliver products and services you request.
Send you Service-related communications.
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:
Update and develop player profiles.
Develop and improve the Service and player experience.
Manage our relationship with you.
Provide social features as part of the Service.
Customize your Service experience.
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support.
Provide you Andrey Denisov offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email.
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages.
Enable you to communicate with other players.
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service.
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘Your rights and options’ below.
To keep the Service safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features.
Moderate chats either automatically or manually.
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players.
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
With your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from Andrey Denisov, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
OTHER PLAYERS AND USERS.
Social features are a core component of our games(apps). Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
PARTNERS WORKING FOR Andrey Denisov
Andrey Denisov partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to Andrey Denisov instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. A list of these partners is available on request
gameofthethronessezon6@gmail.com
. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section of our privacy policy.
Those rights include:
Right of access. You have a right to know what information we hold about you and in some cases to have the information communicated to you. If you wish to exercise this right please contact us letting us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and what information in particular you would like to receive. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information. Please note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for, for instance if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavour to tell you why. We will try to respond to any request for a right of access as soon as possible, but we will always do so within 1 month of receipt of your request and verification of your identity.
Right to correct personal information. We try to keep the information that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realise that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know at
gameofthethronessezon6@gmail.com
and we will correct it as soon as we can.
Data deletion. In some circumstances you have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold about you deleted. Should you wish to have any information about you deleted, please Contact Us using the information below. Please note that in order to process your request you must delete our games(apps) from your mobile devices and clear our cookies from any device where you have played our games in a web browser. Where we delete personal information about you, we may still retain some or all of that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing suppression lists or for technical reasons such as maintaining technical security or our database integrity. We may also retain your information in an anonymised form. In some instances, personal information about you that is visible through gameplay such as username, avatar, your high scores and any chat messages may be cached on other players’ devices and we may not be able to remove or update that data from those devices, for example if that device is not connected to a wi-fi network.
Account deactivation. If you have created an account with us, you can ask us to deactivate that account by contacting us using the information below. We may ask you for other information before we are able to deactivate your account. That information might include information about your mobile device. Other steps you should take should you wish to completely deactivate your account include disassociating your Facebook account from our mobile games and deleting our games from your mobile devices. Please note that if you completely deactivate your account all your progress in our games and any unspent virtual items will be lost and we may not be able to restore them in the future.
Data portability. In some circumstances, you may have the right to request that data which you have provided to us is provided to you, so you can transfer this to another data controller.
Restriction of processing. In some cases, you may have the right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data, such as when you are disputing the accuracy of your data held by us.
Right to object. You have the right to object to the processing of personal data about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests (see Legal Bases below).
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
DATA RETENTION
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
OUR POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
Andrey Denisov does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us. By using our Games, Apps, Websites and related Services, you represent that you are at age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed our Games, Apps, Websites and related Services and agreed to use these.
All of our games are made for people who are at least 13 years of age.
Please note: You can find published age recommendations on: Apple’s App Store on iTunes, Google Play and Amazon App Store. However, these age or maturity classifications refer only to the content in our games (similar to movie ratings G, PG or PG-13 in the U.S., but related to gameplay, animations, etc.). For more on how these categories are defined, visit these support websites for Apple, Google and Amazon.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page. Please come back to this page every now and then to make sure you are familiar with the latest version. Any new policy will be effective from the date it is published by us.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the at email
gameofthethronessezon6@gmail.com
so we can reply to you more quickly.
© Andrey Denisov. All trade marks are the property of the relevant owners. All rights reserved.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it