Privacy Policy
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
At italist Inc. ("
italist
," "
our
," "
we
," and/or "
us
"), your privacy is important to us and we want you to have an enjoyable shopping experience. This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information on websites (including italist.com), mobile applications, and related online services owned and operated by us and linked to this Privacy Notice (collectively, the "
Services
").
This Privacy Notice does not apply to other third-party websites to which we may link. By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, you should not use the Services.
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of Personal Information about residents of certain countries or regions. Please click below to review additional disclosures applicable to you:
California
If you are a resident of the State of California in the United States, please click
here
for additional California-specific privacy disclosures.
Nevada
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, the following applies for Nevada-specific privacy disclosures:
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please contact us at legal@italist.com.
Europe
If you are based in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), please click
here
disclosures.
OUR COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
When we use the term "
Personal Information
" in this Privacy Notice, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you. When you use or otherwise interact with our Services, we collect Personal Information about you in the following ways: when you provide it to us directly; automatically when you interact with our website or mobile application; and from other sources and third parties.
Personal Information You Provide
We collect Personal Information that you provide to us when you register for and otherwise use our Services, including:
Contact Information
, such as your name, email address, social media username, phone number, billing and shipping address.
Account Information
, such as your username and password.
Payment Information
, such as credit card information.
Purchase Information
, such as your purchase history and shopping preferences.
Survey Information
, such as your feedback and preferences regarding our Services.
Contest / Sweepstakes Information
, such as your entries or submissions to our promotions and events.
Inquiry Information
, such as the content of your emails or texts with us.
Demographic Information
, such as gender and age.
Personal Information Automatically Collected
As is true of most digital platforms, we and our third-party providers also collect Personal Information automatically when you visit or interact with our website, mobile application, or otherwise interact with our online Services. We use cookies, web beacons, pixels (or “clear gifs”) and other related technologies for analytics and online advertising purposes. For more information about cookies and related technologies, including on how to control your privacy settings, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
For example, we automatically gather certain information about your use of the Services, such as your IP address, operating system, browser type and a date/stamp time for your visit. If you use our mobile applications, this may include information such as the GPS data (i.e., geolocation data) and device information for the hand-held mobile device on which the mobile application is installed. We may also access your calendar to enable us to create and modify events on your behalf. We may also collect other information that you have consented to permit your mobile phone or application to share with us from time to time.
We may also gather information about how you interact with our Services, such as how frequently certain areas of our website or mobile application are visited, what products are reviewed and selected, order history, shipping program status, and other site navigation data and patterns. This information helps us to understand your interests and which aspects of our Services you find interesting.
Personal Information from Other Sources and Third Parties
We may receive the same categories of Personal Information as described above from the following sources and third parties:
Our Partner "Stores."
If you access our Services through other websites on which we have "stores," we will collect and analyze the information described above that is obtained through your interaction with that website. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via other aspects of the Services. You are also subject to such "store's" terms of use and privacy policy in connection with these Services.
Social Media Networks.
If you access our Services with your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) or if you otherwise agree to associate your italist account with a social networking account (e.g., Instagram or Pinterest), we may receive Personal Information about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the social networking site. For example, Facebook may share with us your friend list, birthday, information about the interests of you or your friends or other Personal Information, in order to help us establish your account, tailor the Services to you and find other current or potential Service users that you know. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via other aspects of the Service. You are also subject to the social networking site's terms of use and privacy policy.
Advertising Providers.
We may obtain information from social media networks, advertising service providers and networks that does not identify you personally or, if you have given that service or us permission to do so, information that constitutes Personal Information. This information may be combined with information you have provided to us or that we or others have collected about you, so that we may maximize the benefit you receive from the Services and deliver advertising targeted to your specific interests on our websites and mobile applications and when you use other websites or mobile applications. Information about you also may be aggregated with other subscriber information for the purposes identified below.
Publicly Available Sources.
We often collect some Personal Information that we do not otherwise have, such as contact information, from websites and other publicly available sources.
OUR USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use Personal Information in the following ways:
to give you a more enjoyable, convenient shopping experience, learn about your habits, personalize your userexperience, and help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you;
to register and create your account with us;
to support and enhance your use of the Services and their features, including fulfilling your order, providing customer service, tracking email invitations you send, and otherwise supporting your use of the Services and its features;
to communicate with you about our Services and send you updates about upcoming boutiques, promotions or events, such as through our newsletter, email, or text message.
to conduct market research, improve the Services and help us identify others who may be interested in the Services;
to serve you ads tailored to your interests or to tailor ads that may be served to you when you visit other websites, mobile applications or social media networks;
to prevent, investigate, or provide notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, or unauthorized access to or use of Personal Information, this website or our data systems;
enforce and carry out contracts and agreements;
comply with legal obligations; and
in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
OUR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose Personal Information in the following ways:
Within italist.
We may share Personal Information with our affiliates and across our or our affiliates' websites, apps, and social media pages.
To Our Service Providers.
We may permit certain trusted third parties to access your information in connection with their performance of services to maintain and operate our websites and mobile applications and certain features on the Services. For example, we may use third parties to host the websites and mobile applications; operate various features of the Services; send emails; analyze data; provide search results and links and assist in fulfilling your orders.
To Our Business Partners.
From time to time, we may share Personal Information with business partners in connection with strategic relationships. Some of these strategic relationships may include operating a co-branded website or web pages. You should be aware that these co-branded sites may collect different or additional information. Additionally, we may provide links to websites controlled by third parties. We have no control over these websites and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these third party websites. Please consult the privacy policy of the website you are visiting.
To Our Marketing Partners.
Occasionally, we provide our postal mailing list (consisting of customer names and postal mailing addresses, but not email addresses) to other companies for purposes of marketing the Services or other products or services that may be of interest to you. In order to determine the information that may be of interest to you, the information that you give us and information about your order may be combined with other  Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources.
To Our Online Advertising Providers.
We may share Personal Information with social media networks and advertising service providers and networks to serve you ads tailored to your interests or to tailor ads that may be served to you on our website and mobile application, as well as other websites and mobile applications, and on social media networks.
For Corporate Business Transactions.
We may take part or be involved with a corporate business transaction, such as a proposed or actual merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets, or other change in control. We may share or transfer Personal Information to a third party during negotiation of, in connect with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. Personal Information may also be disclosed in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership proceeding.
In Accordance With Our Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may disclose information:
in connection with the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful request and legal process (such as a subpoena, court order,administrative or governmental order);
to protect the rights and property of us, our agents, residents and others, including to enforce ouragreements and policies;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud and credit risk reduction; or
to protect the health and safety of us, our customers, or any person.
Otherwise With Your Consent.
We may disclose Personal Information to other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
AGGREGATED DATA
We use non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate, so that we can improve our Services and for business and administrative purposes. We may also use or share with third parties for any purpose aggregated data that contains no personally identifiable information.
COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER PREFERENCES
Marketing Communications
You may choose not to receive marketing email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the marketing emails. You may change your email address for receipt of such communications by going to My Account. You may choose to opt out of receiving marketing communications through our mobile app notifications and text notifications in the manner identified when you opt in to receive those notifications.
Location Data
When you use our mobile applications, you can choose not to share your location data by adjusting the applicable settings on your mobile device (the manufacturer or your service provider should be able to provide assistance).
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user, you may access and update your registration information and your preferences to receive email or other communications from us by sending an email to customercare@italist.com. We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten (10) business days as we process your request. While we make efforts to accommodate requests to restrict our use of your information, we reserve the right to delete all or any portion of customer information if we are not able to reasonably accommodate a requested restriction.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY AND PARENTAL CONTROLS
Our online Services are not directed to and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit Personal Information from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, do not use this website or our online Services or provide us with any Personal Information in connection with this website or our online Services either directly or by other means. Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that you can use to prevent your children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors. If a child under 18 has provided Personal Information to us in connection with this website, we encourage the child's parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the Personal Information from our systems. If we learn that any Personal Information we collect in connection with this website has been provided by a child under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, applications, chat-rooms or bulletin boards. Except where we post or expressly adopt this Privacy Notice, this Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, any Personal Information practices of third-party websites and online services or the practices of other third parties.
We will not share your opt-in to an SMS campaign with any third party for purposes unrelated to providing you with the services of that campaign. We may share your Personal Data, including your SMS opt-in or consent status, with third parties that help us provide our messaging services, including but not limited to platform providers, phone companies, and any other vendors who assist us in the delivery of text messages.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
If we decide to change this Privacy Notice, we will post the revised Privacy Notice here so that you can stay updated on how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information. Your continued use of the Services indicates your consent to the Privacy Notice as posted.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
italist Inc.
Attn: Legal
1901 Avenue of the Stars
#840
Los Angeles, CA 90067
Email: legal@italist.com
PRIVACY DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California and provides additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process Personal Information of individual residents of the state of California within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("
CCPA
"). In addition to our Personal Information processing activities relating to our Services, this section also addresses Personal Information we may process offline.
For purposes of this section, "
Personal Information
" means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. It does not include information that is made publicly available from government records, that is deidentified or aggregated such that it is not capable of being associated with you, or that is otherwise excluded from the CCPA's scope. This section also does not apply to information relating to our employees, contractors, applicants and other personnel.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers
, such as name, Account email address and password, IP address, social media username and other unique personal identifiers;
California Customer Records
(Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as email address, telephone number, billing address, shipping address, birthday (month/day), currency or notification preferences, responses to interest-based questions, payment information (such as cardholder name, billing address, credit card number, expiration date, authentication code, check routing number, account number or related information);
Commercial Information
, such as products or Services purchased, added to your cart or of interest to you;
Internet/Network Information
, such as log data (including IP address, date and time of access, device information) and clickstream data (such as your actions on our websites);
Geolocation Data
, such as your general geographic location based on your IP address or more precise location when accessing our websites through a mobile device;
Professional/Employment Information
, such as current job and title, or resume information;
Other Personal Information
, such as your entries in surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, and the feedback or custom message you provide in connection with a request, inquiry or comment directly to us or through a third-party platform (such as social media);
Inferences
, such as deriving products of interest based on your shopping preferences and other Personal Information we have collected about you.
We collect this information directly from you, from your browser or device when you interact with our Sites, from our partner “stores,” from advertising providers, from third-party platforms such as social media websites and from other publicly available sources. For more information about the Personal Information we collect and how we collect it, please refer to the Our Collection of Personal Information section of this Privacy Notice.
We collect Personal Information from and about you for a variety of purposes. For example, we use Personal Information to create and maintain your account with us; to communicate with you; to facilitate, process and fulfill orders you place with us or the services you request; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes, contests and other promotions; to analyze and improve the use of our Sites; to deliver marketing communications and personalized and non-personalized advertising, and to improve our products and services. For more information about our use of Personal Information, please refer to the
Our Use of Personal Information
section of this Privacy Notice.
DISCLOSURE AND "SALE" OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share Personal Information with third parties as set forth in our Privacy Notice.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclose your Personal Information may include our affiliates, our service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, marketing partners, and certain third parties where you have provided consent or where we are required by law.
As is common practice among companies that operate online, we also allow certain third-party providers to collect information about consumers directly through our websites and other online Services for purposes of analyzing and optimizing our Services, delivering ads, providing content and ads that are more relevant, measuring statistics and the success of ad campaigns, and detecting and reporting fraud. To the extent this practice is interpreted to constitute a “sale” under the CCPA, please refer to the
Submitting Requests
section below regarding your right to opt-out.
In addition, we allow our third-party partner, Rakuten Advertising, to collect and share information collected from our Services. For more information about Rakuten Advertising's practices and any rights you may have with respect to that information, please visit Rakuten Advertisings privacy policy here:
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
, and its user rights / opt-out page here:
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/subject-requests/
.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As a California resident, you may be able to request to exercise the following rights in relation to the Personal Information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):
Right to Know
: You have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your Personal Information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you;
The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources of the Personal Information;
The categories of Personal Information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
The categories of Personal Information we have sold about you (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling Personal Information about you.
The Right to Request Deletion
: You have the right to request the deletion of Personal Information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales
: You have the right to direct us not to sell Personal Information we have collected about you to third parties. If you are under the age of 16, you have the right not to have your information sold, unless you, or your parent or guardian, affirmatively authorize such sales (the “Right to Opt-In”).
You also have the right to be free from discrimination for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process Personal Information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and Services or engage with you in the same manner.
In addition, if you have an established customer relationship with us for personal, family or household purposes, you may also have the right under California's "Shine the Light" law to request:
A list of the categories of certain Personal Information that we have disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes; and
The names and addresses of all such third parties.
SUBMITTING REQUESTS
To Exercise Your Right to Know, Right to Deletion or "Shine the Light" Right
. To exercise your right to know, right to deletion or “Shine the Light” right, please submit a request specifying the right you wish to exercise by:
Emailing legal@italist.com with the subject line "California Rights Request"
We may need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional Personal Information from you or require you to log into your account (if applicable). We will only use Personal Information provided in connection with your request to review and process your request.
In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
To Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales.
To initiate your request to opt out of Personal Information sales, please click the link below to email us at legal@italist.com with the subject line “California Sale Opt-Out.” To the extent our third-party advertising and analytics providers' collection of information from users of our web sites and other online Services constitutes a “sale” under the CCPA, please refer to our
Cookie Notice
for more information about the choices and opt-out options you have in relation to those practices. By visiting www.privacyrights.info or www.optout.privacyrights.info, you can also opt out from “sales” of this type of Personal Information by businesses that participate in the DAA's CCPA Opt-Out Tool. To make opt-out requests related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in the DAA's CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you can download the appropriate app at www.youradchoices.com/appchoices.
PRIVACY DISCLOSURES FOR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
SCOPE OF DISCLOSURES
These Additional European Economic Area (EEA) Privacy Disclosures supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
, but unlike the
Privacy Notice
, these Disclosures apply only to our processing of your Personal Data where you are based in the EEA.
italist Inc. is the data controller responsible for the collection and use of such Personal Data.
PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURES
When we use the term "Personal Data" in these Disclosures, we mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Legal Bases for Processing
We rely on the following legal grounds to process Personal Data about you, whether it is obtained from you or a third party:
For the performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR);
For the purpose of legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR), as described in more detail in the Our Collection of Personal Information section of the Privacy Notice;
For compliance with legal obligations and legal claims (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR); and
Consent to the extent you have provided consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR).
You are not required to provide Personal Data to us, but we do rely on your Personal Data to provide certain of our Services and products. For example, we need your Personal Data to facilitate and deliver an order that you request. If you choose not to provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to provide you with a service or product you request.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in these Disclosures, unless a longer period is required under applicable law or is needed to resolve disputes or protect our legal rights.
The criteria used to determine the period for which Personal Data about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the Personal Data:
Legitimate Interests
Where we are processing Personal Data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects
Consent
Where we are processing Personal Data based on your consent, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to fulfill the underlying agreement with you, subject to your right, under certain circumstances, to have certain of your data erased (please see the
Your Privacy Rights
section below)
Contract
Where we are processing Personal Data based on contract, we generally will retain the information for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship
Legal Obligation
Where we are processing Personal Data based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to fulfil the legal obligation
Legal Claim
We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Personal Data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We may transfer Personal Data about you among us and to our subsidiaries or affiliates, as well as to the categories of third parties identified in the
Our Disclosure of Personal Information
section of the
Notice
. Personal Data may be transferred to, stored and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected, including, but not limited to, the United States. The country to which Personal Data is transferred may not provide the same level of protection for Personal Data as the country from which it was transferred.
We may transfer Personal Data about you outside the EEA and when we do so, we rely on appropriate or suitable safeguards recognized under the GDPR including adequacy decisions and standard contractual clauses.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data (subject to certain limitations at law):
Access
The right to access and obtain a copy of Personal Data about you, as well as information relating to its processing.
Rectification
The right to correct or update any Personal Data about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Restriction of Processing
The right to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your Personal Data if the continued processing of the Personal Data in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the Personal Data is contested by you.
Erasure
The right to request the deletion or erasure of Personal Data about you without undue delay if the continued processing of that Personal Information is not justified.
Portability
The right to obtain a copy of Personal Data about you in an easily accessible format and the right to transmit that Personal Data to another controller.
Objection to Processing
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your Personal Data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason.
Please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process Personal Data, we may not be able to provide our products or Services to you, or otherwise engage with you going forward.
Right to Withdraw Consent
Where we rely on your consent for processing of your Personal Data, you also have the right to withdraw your consent to such processing, subject to certain limitations at law. Please contact us to withdraw any consent you may have provided to us.
Submitting Requests
To submit a request, please contact us as set forth in the
Contact Us
section below. We may need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to obtain additional Personal Data from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
If you have any complaints regarding our privacy practices, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your national data protection authority (i.e., supervisory authority).
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to legal@italist.com.
Alternatively, inquiries may be addressed to:
italist Inc.
Attn: Legal
1901 Avenue of the Stars
#840
Los Angeles, CA 90067
Email: legal@italist.com
COOKIE NOTICE
SCOPE OF NOTICE
This Cookie Notice supplements the information contained in the
Privacy Notice
by explaining how we and our business partners and service providers use cookies and related technologies in the course of managing and providing our online Services and our communications to you. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them. In some cases, we may use cookies and related technologies described in this Cookie Notice to collect Personal Information, or to collect information that becomes Personal Information if we combine it with other information. For more details about how we process your Personal Information, please review the
Privacy Notice
.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are small data files that are stored on your computer that allow us and our third-party partners and providers to collect certain information about your interactions with our email communications, websites and other online Services. We and our third-party partners and providers may also use other, related technologies to collect this information, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, “cookies”).
WHAT WE COLLECT WHEN USING COOKIES
We and our third-party partners and providers may use cookies to automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit or interact with our email communications, websites and other online Services. For example, we may collect log data about your device and its software, such as your IP address, operating system, browser type, date/time of your visit, and other similar information. We may collect analytics data or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure usage and activity trends for our online Services and better understand our customer base. Third-party partners and providers may also collect Personal Information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our websites and online Services.
HOW WE USE THAT INFORMATION
We use or may use the data collected through cookies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our websites and online Services; (b) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our websites and online Services; (c) monitor online usage and activities of our websites and online Services; (d) diagnose errors and problems with our websites and online Services; (e) otherwise plan for and enhance our online Services; and (f) facilitate the purposes identified in the
Our Use of Personal Information
section of our
Privacy Notice
. We and our advertising partners also use the information we collect through cookies to understand your browsing activities, including across unaffiliated third-party sites, so that we can deliver ads and information about products and Services that may be of interest to you.
Please note that we link some of the Personal Information we collect through cookies with the other Personal Information that we collect about you and for the purposes described in our
Privacy Notice
.
The italist.com uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT COOKIES
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using our online Services, as some features and Services on our online Services may not work properly. Depending on your device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. In addition, if you want to reject cookies across all your browsers and devices, you will need to do so on each browser on each device you actively use. You may also set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it.
You can learn more about Google's practices with Google Analytics by visiting Google's privacy policy
here
. You can also view Google's currently available opt-out options
here
.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT ONLINE ADS
We support the self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising (Principles) published by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). This means that we allow you to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites for online interest-based advertising purposes. More information about these Principles can be found at
www.aboutads.info
. If you want to opt out of receiving online interest-based advertisements on your internet browser from advertisers and third parties that participate in the DAA program and perform advertising-related services for us and our partners, please follow the instructions at
www.aboutads.info/choices
, or
www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
to place an opt-out cookie on your device indicating that you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements. Opt-out cookies only work on the internet browser and device they are downloaded onto. If you want to opt out of interest-based advertisements across all your browsers and devices, you will need to opt out on each browser on each device you actively use. If you delete cookies on your device generally, you will need to opt out again.
If you want to opt out of receiving online interest-based advertisements on mobile apps, please follow the instructions at
www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
Please note that when you opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on our online Services. It means that the online ads that you do see from DAA program participants should not be based on your interests. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties' opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. In addition, third parties may still use cookies to collect information about your use of our online Services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as any other purpose permitted under the DAA's Principles.
UPDATES TO THIS COOKIE NOTICE
We will update this Cookie Notice from time to time. When we make changes to this Cookie Notice, we will change the "Last Updated" date at the beginning of this Notice. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominent posting on this website or our online Services, or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/:
