Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
1.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, location, interest or other details to help you with your experience.
2.Privacy practices specific to Face Data
Our facial recognition platform  allows End Users to offer a fast check-in option based on our facial recognition technology.
It’s optional and requires the attendee’s explicit consent.
To use our Service, the attendee provides a photo of themselves.
The Channel Partner submits the image to the FitWay Service through an encrypted connection (we leverage Secure Socket Layer technology to protect the privacy and integrity of this transmission process).
FitWay scans the photo to create a “Facial Geometry,” which is a unique collection of measurements of the face in the photo. A good Facial Geometry can be used to recognize the same face in a different photo or video.
Once the Facial Geometry for the event has been created, FitWay discards the original photo (FitWay does not store the original photos; it stores only the Facial Geometry).
End user can delete their facial geometry data at any point of time.
3.Uses and Disclosures of Face Data
Subject to our contractual obligations to End Users, FitWay uses and discloses the Service Data as follows
To provide the Service (which involves providing with information about an attendee’s use of the Service to the End User).
To improve the Service (such as by noting which methods of generating a Facial Geometry work fastest);
To comply with law and protect rights, safety and property;
For other purposes authorized by the Customer or, if applicable, their representative
4.When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, use Live Chat or enter information on our site.
5.How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests
To quickly process your transactions
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
6.How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
7.Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits
Keep track of advertisements
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won't affect the user's experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly. However, you will still be able to place orders.
8.Third-party disclosure:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
9.Third-party links:
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
10.CAN SPAM Act:
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
To be in accordance with CAN SPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at info@fitphilia.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contact Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
MARKETING OFFICE
FitPhilia Solutions Private Limited
B1/304, 2nd Floor, Laram Center
MA Road, Opp Andheri Railway Station
Andheri West, Mumbai - 400058
Tel : +91-7829117991
Email: customercare@fitphilia.com