apps
/
contact
/
privacy
Menu
Privacy Policy
I. Introduction
T-Logic Softhouse (“T-Logic Softhouse”) provides this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to inform you about the types of information we collect, how we use that information, the measures we take to safeguard the information we collect, the choices you may make, and your legal rights. Your trust in our products (“Apps”) is of utmost importance, and we are committed to protecting your privacy.
II. Agreement
Your use of this Website and the Apps confirms your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using this Website and the Apps. If you do not agree to these terms, you may not access or otherwise use this Website and the Apps.
T-Logic Softhouse may from time to time revise this Privacy Policy. By continuing to use and access the Website and the Apps now and after any revisions, you agree to the terms then in force as revised, including all revisions to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, please review the Privacy Policy each time you intend to use the Website and Apps.
III. Collected Information
When you access the Website, your IP (Internet protocol) address and information about the Internet browser and computer or other device that you use to access the Website may be collected. This information commonly is collected via the use of cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies.
If you contact us through the Website contact form, we may collect your email address and name in order to respond to your inquiries or concerns.
We may also collect usage analytics when you use our Apps, which may include your app version, device type, browser type, and device operating system. This information is used to improve our Services and understand how users interact with our app.
We do not share any collected information with any third-party entity.
V. Information Security
We take reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse. We use industry-standard security protocols to protect any data transmitted over the internet. However, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
VI.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We will use your information to:
Deliver our services to you;
Directly respond to your email inquiry or to advise you of issues or improvements related to the Website or Apps.
We may use the usage analytics we collect to improve our services, analyze trends, and understand how users interact with our Apps.
We do not share your information with any third-party entity.
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact T-Logic Softhouse at: contact@tlogicsofthouse.com