HALARA PRIVACY POLICY
EFFECTIVE DATE
: Jan 10, 2025
Welcome to Halara! We at FULL SCALE FULL SPEED PTE. LTD. d/b/a Halara (“Halara”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how we collect, use, share and process your information as well as the rights and choices you have associated with that information. This Policy applies when you visit our website that links to this Policy (the “Site(s)”); when you use our mobile application HALARA (the “App”), or otherwise engage our products or services that we own or operate (collectively, the “Service(s)”). This Policy does not apply to the personal information we collect from employees, contractors, job applicants, owners, directors or officers of Halara. Please see our HR Privacy Policy for details. Please read this entire Policy to make sure that you fully understand it. By accessing, visiting or using our Services, you acknowledge to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy, and you agree to the accompanying Terms and Conditions (“ Terms ”). If you are not comfortable with any part of this Policy or do not agree with the Terms, please immediately discontinue access or use of our Services. We may update this Policy at any time, without prior notice, and changes will apply to any personal information we already hold about you as well as any additional personal information collected after the Policy is updated. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Policy. If we make a change to this Policy that we believe materially affects how we process your personal information or reduce your rights, we will provide you with advanced notice via email, through push notification, or by posting a prominent notice on our Sites. Unless otherwise required by laws in your residence, your continued access or use of our Services after receiving the notice of changes, constitutes your acknowledgment that you accept the updated Policy.
Table of Contents
1. Personal Information We Collect
2. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
3. How We Use Your Personal Information
4. Sharing Your Personal Information
5. How We Protect Your Personal Information
6. How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
7. Your Choices, Privacy Rights, and Opt-out Rights
8. Third-Party Websites
9. How We Handle Children’s Information
10. International Transfers of Personal Information
11. Additional Notice for California Residents
12. Contact Us
In addition, we may provide you with real time disclosures or additional information about the personal information handling practices of specific parts of our Services. Such notices may supplement this Policy or provide you with additional choices about how we process your personal information.
1.
Personal Information We Collect
Halara collects certain personal information about you and your use of our Services. The definition of personal information (used interchangeably with “personal data” for European residents) depends on the applicable law based on your physical location. Only the definition that applies to your physical location will apply to you under this Policy. For purpose of this Policy, personal information does not include data that has been irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.
This information falls into three primary categories: (1) information you voluntarily provide to us, (2) information we collect from you automatically.
Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us.
We, or service providers that assist us in providing, maintaining, and operating our Services, may collect the following types of personal information from you:
(1)
Account Registration.
We may collect information relating to the creation of an account when using our Services, such as, email address, phone number, and/or a unique individual password. If you use a third-party service (e.g., Apple, Facebook, Tiktok) to create an account, we may receive personal information that you allow such third-party service to share with us, such as your name and email address.
(2)
Order Placement.
We may collect your personal information when you place an order on our Sites or in our App, including, for example, your first and last name, mailing address, postal code, email address, phone number, payment account or credit card information. In some regions, we may need your passport information and tax number for customer clearance.
(3)
Customer Support.
When you engage with our supports team, we may collect records, copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), social media handles, or additional information you choose to share with us.
(4)
Newsletter Sign-ups.
You may choose to provide us your contact details, such as your email address and phone number, if you wish to receive information about the products and services that Halara offers.
(5)
Fitting Recommendation.
You may voluntarily provide us your height, age, weight and measurements and your preference. This information is used by us to recommend clothing sizes, and to provide fit prediction services for you.
(6)
Public Forum.
If you post information on public areas of our Site, for example, disclosing your measurement and fitting information in a product review, that information may be collected and used by Halara, visitors to our Sites, and the public generally. We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through the Site that allows strangers to identify or locate you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public.
(7)
Promotional Events.
From time to time, we may ask you to complete a survey and/or offer you an opportunity to participate in promotions, programs and/or sweepstakes (collectively, “Promotions”) via the Site. If you choose to participate in a Promotion, we will collect and store the personal information you provide in connection with your participation in the Promotion, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, date of birth, and/or phone number. We may provide “just-in-time” disclosure or additional information about our information collection, use and sharing practices of specific Promotions. We use this information to administer the Promotion, such as by notifying winners and distributing prizes, and for Halara and our Promotion sponsors’ marketing purposes as permitted by applicable law. Acceptance of a prize may require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your information via the Site, such as on a winner's page.
(8)
Brand Ambassador.
If you apply to become our brand ambassador, we may collect your name, email address, phone number, social media handles, region and school attended in order to process your application.
(9)
Affiliate Program.
If you apply to join one of our affiliate programs to earn commission, we may collect your full name, username, country or region, company website, company address, time zone.
Information We Automatically Collect.
To the extent permitted under the applicable law, we may collect certain types of information automatically, such as whenever you interact with the Sites or use the Services. We may collect the following types of information automatically from you:
(10)
Usage Data.
When you browse our Sites, we automatically collect log data such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, domain names, referring and exit pages and URLs, pages viewed and the order of these page views, the date and time you access our servers, and other diagnostic data.
(11)
Device Information.
When you use your desktop or mobile devices to access our Services, we may be able to identify your device’s unique device identifier, MAC address, operating system, and your mobile device’s advertising ID.
(12)
Location Information.
When you use our Service, we may infer the generic physical location and geographic regions of your device from your WiFi, Bluetooth and other device settings. For example, your IP address may indicate your general geographic region. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile or desktop device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.
(13)
Aggregate and Analytic Data.
We may also combine the information we collect among our Services and across your devices for analytic, security and fraud prevention purposes. For example, we use algorithms that analyze your account status and payment information to detect the unsafe and unsecured payment. We may also use analytic data to assess your account security and provide you suggestion for improvement.
Information We Collect From Third Parties.
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from third party sources as required or permitted by law. These sources may include:
2. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We, and third parties on our behalf may employ various tracking technologies, such as cookies and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”) to collect personal information automatically as you interact with our Site and App, to help us customize your experience and better manage content, including to:
Analyze our web and app traffic using an analytics package
Identify whether you already visited our Services
Store information about your preferences
To recognize when you return to our Services
Please read our
Cookie Policy
for more details over the types of tracking technologies we use.
3. How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information as described in this Policy for business and commercial purposes, or as disclosed to you prior to such processing taking place. We may process your personal information:
(1)
To Provide Halara’s Services.
We will use your personal information to provide information or perform Services that you request, including managing your request as a registered user of our Site. For example, when you order products from us, we require your shipping information to deliver your order, and we require payment information to process your order. We will not be able to provide you with Service without such information. Third parties such as payment processing companies and courier services may also access and/or collect your personal information when assisting us to fulfill your order. We work diligently with such third parties to protect your information.
(2)
To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance.
Our Services are subject to certain laws and regulations which may require us to process your personal information. For example, we process your personal information to pay our taxes, to fulfill our business obligations, ensure compliance with employment and recruitment laws or as necessary to manage risk as required under applicable law. Without processing your personal information for such purposes, we cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements.
(3)
To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms, Agreements and Policies.
When you access or use our Services, you are bound to our Terms. To ensure you comply with them, we process your personal information by actively monitoring, investigating, preventing and mitigating any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services. Subject to the applicable law, we may also process your personal information to investigate, prevent or mitigate violations of our internal terms, agreements or policies and enforce our agreements with third parties and business partners.
(4)
To Detect and Prevent Fraud and Security Risks.
We may process your personal information to help monitor, prevent, and detect fraud and abusive use of our Service, monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not gain access to your information, enhance system security, and combat spam, malware, malicious activities or other security risks that might result in financial loss.
(5)
To Provide Customer Support or Respond to You.
We collect any information that you provide to us when you contact us. Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.
(6)
To Provide You with Service-Related Communications.
We will send you administrative or account-related information to keep you updated about your account and the Services. Such communications may include information about Privacy Policy updates, confirmations of your account actions or transactions, security updates or tips or other relevant transaction-related information. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You are not able to unsubscribe from such communications, otherwise you may miss important developments relating to your account or the Services.
(7)
To Provide Marketing Communication
(e.g., SMS, Email). We may collect your email address, phone number or other electronic addresses that you voluntarily provide to us when you choose to participate in our promoting activities or subscribe for marketing communications. When you no longer wish to receive these marketing messages from us, you can opt out at any time by unsubscribing or following the instructions contained within such messages. We may also collect and use your mobile advertising identifiers for the purpose of marketing campaigns. Please see our
Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies section
for more information.
(8)
To Research and Develop of Our Services.
We may process your personal information and derive analytical and statistical data to better understand the way you use and interact with our Services. For instance, analyzing where, on which types of devices and how our Site is used, how many visitors we receive, and where they click on the Site may help us improve our existing Services and to build new Services. Please see our
Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies section
for more information.
(9)
To Personalize Your Experience.
We may process your information to personalize your experience. By personalization, we enable you to interact with our Services more easily across platforms and devices. We also use it to remember you in case you re-visit our Site, so we will know if you have already been served with surveys, or (where Site content is undergoing testing) which version of the content you were served. Please see our
Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies section
for more information.
(10)
To Facilitate Corporate Acquisitions, Mergers and Transactions.
We may process any information regarding your account and your use of our Services as is necessary in the context of corporate acquisitions, mergers or other corporate transactions.
(11)
With Your Consent.
For any other purpose disclosed to you prior to you providing us your personal information or which is reasonably necessary to provide the services or other related services requested, with your permission or upon your direction.
4. Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy and as permitted by applicable law. We may disclose your personal information as described below.
(1)
As Required by Law.
We may access, preserve, and disclose information about you if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) comply with requests from auditors, examiners, or other regulators; (c) respond to your requests; or (d) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property or safety.
(2)
Within Our Corporate Organization.
We may share your personal information within our organization to provide you with the Services and take actions based on your request.
(3)
With Our Service Providers.
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers acting on our behalf to help us operate our Services. Service providers and vendors provide us with support services such as credit card processing, order fulfillment, website hosting, email and postal delivery, analytics services, conducting surveys and research, and performing network maintenance. These third parties can only use your information in accordance with our written instructions and must comply with the information security protections we have put in place. We contractually obligate our third-party service providers to protect your personal information.
(4)
With Third Party Advertisers.
In certain circumstances, and subject to the applicable law, we may share your personal information with third-party advertisers.
(5)
For Co-Branded Services and Features.
Portions of our Site or Services may be offered as part of co-branded services and features. We will share your personal information with our co-branded partners based on your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature. The co-branded partners will be identified on the co-branded feature or service, along with an applicable co-branded partner's privacy policy. Use of your personal information by a co-branded partner will be subject to a co-branded partner's privacy policy. If you wish to opt-out of a co-branded partner's future use of your personal information, you will need to contact the co-branded partner directly.
(6)
During Business Transaction or Other Asset Transfers.
We may disclose and transfer information about you to buyers, service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners or other third parties in connection with the advisors, potential transactional partners or other third parties of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company, or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. By engaging with us or using our Services, you understand and agree to our assignment or transfer of rights to your personal information.
(7)
With Your Consent.
We may disclose your personal information for any purpose with your consent.
5. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We maintain advisors, potential transactional partners or other third parties designed to guard and prevent misuse of your personal information. Our security measures include industry-standard physical, technical, and administrative measures to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information, to maintain data accuracy, to ensure the appropriate use of information, and otherwise safeguard your personal information. We also restrict access to your personal information to our employees and third parties who need such information to provide products or Services.
Please recognize that protecting your personal information is also your responsibility. We ask you to be responsible for safeguarding your password, secret questions and answers and other authentication information you use to access our Services.
If you feel that the security of your account or personal information has been compromised, please immediately contact us at the following email address
Legal@halara.com.
Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security system is impenetrable. In the event of a security breach, we will promptly notify you and the proper authorities if required by law.
6. How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
If you send us correspondence, including emails, we retain such information electronically in the records of your account. We will also electronically retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from Halara to you. We retain these records to measure and improve our customer service and to investigate potential fraud and violations. We may, over time, delete these records as permitted by law.
Halara will also retain Site and services usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Site, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
We will cease to retain your personal information or remove the means by which the information can be associated with you as soon as it is reasonable to assume that such retention no longer serves the purpose for which the personal information was collected and is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes.
7. Your Choices, Privacy Rights, and Opt-out Rights
A. Your Choices
(a)
Correct or Update Your Information.
If you have created a user account through the Services, you will have the ability to access, update and correct personal information you have provided in connection with your account by logging into your account through the Services.
(b)
Marketing Communications.
We offer you certain choices about how we communicate with you. To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us, please contact us as specified in the
“How to Contact Us”
section at the end of this Policy. Where provided by law, you may withdraw your consent previously provided to us, and we will apply your preferences going forward. You can also choose not to receive marketing communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our marketing content.
(c)
Managing Cookies.
You have the right to decide whether to accept cookies on our Sites. If you do not want us to deploy cookies in your browser, you may exercise your preference by modifying your web browser setting to either refuse some of all cookies or notify you and ask for your permission when a website tries to set a cookie. If you want to learn the correct way to modify your browser settings, please use the “Help,” “Tools” or “Edit” menu in your browser or review the instructions provided by the following browsers:
Internet Explorer,
Google Chrome,
Mozilla Firefox,
Safari Desktop,
Safari Mobile;
and
Android
browser. If you block or delete technical and/or function cookies used by our Sites, the Sites may become impossible to browse, certain services or functions of the Sites may become unavailable or other malfunctions may occur. In this case, you may have to modify or manually enter some information or preferences every time you visit the Sites.
(d)
Analytics.
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Sites, such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google LLC (“Google”) that tracks and reports website traffic. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics, available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
(e)
Managing Interest-Based Advertising.
We and our third-party service providers may use interest advertising technologies when you interact with our Site or App. Please read our
Cookie Policy
for more details.
a.
Website Browser.
Many advertising companies that collect information for interest-based advertising are members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) or the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), both of which maintain websites where people can opt-out of interest-based advertising from their members. To opt-out of website interest-based advertising provided by each organization’s respective participating companies, visit the DAA’s opt-out portal available at http://optout.aboutads.info/, or visit the NAI’s opt-out portal available at
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
If you reside in European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you may opt-out of online behavioral advertising served by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s participating member organizations by visiting
youronlinechoices.eu/.
Mobile Application.
Many advertising companies that collect information for interest-based advertising are members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) or the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), both of which maintain websites where people can opt-out of interest-based advertising from their members. To opt-out of website interest-based advertising provided by each organization’s respective participating companies, visit the DAA’s opt-out portal available at http://optout.aboutads.info/, or visit the NAI’s opt-out portal available at  When you use our mobile application, we or our third-party marketing partners may use one or more of several different identifiers for your mobile device, including Apple Identifier For Advertising (IDFA) or Android Advertising ID (AAID), to target and deliver ads to you in our app or other apps. This means that your device identifier may be accessed by third-party ad networks and used to (a) help manage the number and types of ads you see; (b) track the source of installs related to ads seen in other apps; and (c) identify your interests and behavior and target advertising to you based on those interests and behavior.
Apple requires app developers to ask for permission before they can track your activity across apps or websites they do not own in order to target advertising to you, measure your actions due to advertising, or to share your information with data brokers. If you previously gave our mobile app permission to track, you can tell our app to stop tracking your activity. On iOS or iPadOS, go to Settings, tap on our app, then tap to turn off Allow Tracking. You can also reset your IDFA from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous IDFA.
If you have an Android device, and are running Android 12 or above, you can delete your AAID permanently by opening Settings, navigating to Privacy > Ads, tapping “Delete advertising ID,” then tapping it again on the next page to confirm. This will prevent any app on your phone from accessing it in the future. Please note that if you do so, you will still see advertisements, but they will not be tailored to your inferred interests.
You may also access industry-provided opt-out tools, although they are not tailored to our mobile applications. For instance, to opt-out of data collection by the Digital Advertising Alliance’s participating member companies for interest-based advertising across mobile applications, download the DAA’s App Choices mobile application opt-out offering at
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices.
B. Your Privacy Rights
Depending on the applicable law where you reside or are located, you may be able to assert certain rights identified below with respect to your personal information. If any of the rights listed below are not provided to you under the law that governs the processing of your personal information, we have absolute discretion in providing you with those rights. Please refer to the
“What Rights Apply”
section to determine the rights you have in the jurisdiction you reside.
(a)
Right to Know/Access.
You may have the right to obtain a copy, or a list of categories of the personal information that we hold about you, as well as other supplementary information, such as the purposes of processing, and the entities to whom we disclose your personal information.
(b)
Right to Correct/Rectification.
You may have the right to correct any of your personal information in our records and systems. You may request us to rectify, correct or update any of your personal information held by us that is inaccurate.
(c)
Right to Delete/Erasure.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we hold about you. This right is not absolute, and we may refuse your right to delete if it is reasonably necessary for us to provide a service requested by you; to perform a contract between us; to maintain functionality and ensure security of our systems; to enable solely expected internal uses of your personal information; to exercise a right provided by law; to comply with a legal obligation, or if there are compelling legitimate grounds for keeping your personal information.
(d)
Right to Portability.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to receive personal information we hold about you in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format so that you can provide that personal information to another entity.
(e)
Right Against Discrimination.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
(f)
Right to Object to Automated Decision-Making.
You may have the right not to be subject to a decision that is based solely on automated processing (where a decision is taken about you using an electronic system without human involvement) which significantly impacts your rights. No decision will be made by us about you solely on the basis of automated decision making which has a significant impact on you.
(g)
Right Not to Provide Consent or to Withdraw Consent.
We may seek to rely on your consent in order to process certain personal information. Where we do so, you have the right not to provide your consent or to withdraw your consent at any time. This does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
(h)
Right to Restriction.
You may have the right to request that we restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstance. For instance, this right is available if you contest the accuracy of the personal information, or you objected to our processing.
(i)
Right to Object to Processing.
You may have the right to object to our processing of your personal information at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal information on the legal bases of: consent, or legitimate interests. However, we may continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
(j)
Right to Appeal.
You may have the right to appeal if we refuse to take action on your rights request. Instructions on how to appeal will be provided to you upon such a denial, but in any event, such instructions will be substantially similar to those provided below for submitting requests.
To determine which rights you have, please refer to the table below that references the rights as described above. U.S. States not listed either do not have a law providing such rights, or it does not apply to our operations.
Jurisdiction
Applicable Rights
European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland (for individuals located in these jurisdictions when their personal information is collected)
(a) Right to Know/Access; (b) Right to Correct/Rectification; (c) Right to Delete/Erasure; (d) Right to Portability; (f) Right to Opt-Out of Automated Decision-making or Profiling; (g) Right Not to Provide Consent or to Withdraw Consent; (h) Right to Restriction; and (i) Right to Object to Processing
California Residents
(a) Right to Know/Access; (b) Right to Correct/Rectification; (c) Right to Delete/Erasure; (d) Right to Portability; (e) Right Against Discrimination; and (f) Right to Opt-Out of Automated Decision-making or Profiling (upon issuance of regulations by the California Privacy Protection Agency)
Virginia Residents Colorado & Connecticut Residents (starting 7.1.23)
(a) Right to Know/Access; (b) Right to Correct/Rectification; (c) Right to Delete/Erasure; (d) Right to Portability; (f) Right to Opt-Out of Automated Decision-making or Profiling; and (j) Right to Appeal
Utah Residents (12.31.23)
(a) Right to Know/ Access; (c) Right to Delete/Erase; (d) Right to Portability; (e) Right Against Discrimination
Submitting a Request to Exercise Your Privacy Rights
To assert your privacy rights, please email
Legal@halara.com.
Please note that to protect your privacy and security, we must be able to verify your identity before we can process your request to exercise any of the privacy rights that you may be entitled to under the applicable law. We may conduct the verification process by email or phone, and we may ask you to provide information such as your name, contact information, and any additional relevant information based on your relationship with us. For California, Colorado and Connecticut residents, you may also use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt out on your behalf if you provide the authorized agent signed written permission to do so.
C. Your Opt-Out Rights
If you reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut or Virginia, you may have the right to opt-out of certain types of processing for your personal information.
1. Right to Opt Out of Sale. You may have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. We generally do not sell your personal information for profit, but like many businesses, we use cookies, pixels, and similar technology on our Sites, and we share certain personal information, such as your IP address or device identifiers, to third-party advertisers in order to improve your user experience and to optimize our marketing activities. Under the broad definition of “sell” contained in some jurisdiction’s privacy laws, this could be considered a sale.
2. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising. You may have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information to third parties for behavioral or cross-contextual advertising purposes. Like many websites, we use cookies, pixels, and similar technology, and we share certain information, such as your IP address or device identifiers, to certain third-party advertisers in order to improve your user experience and to optimize our marketing activities. You have the right to direct us not to share or use your personal information for targeted advertising purposes.
To exercise your right to opt-out of sales and targeted advertising, please click the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
” link in the website footer and click the opt-out link contained within. Please note that, if you do not have a Halara account or if you are not logged into your Halara account, your request to opt-out of sale/sharing will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to us. Additionally, you may still receive generalized ads after opting out of targeted advertising.
[You may also opt-out of sharing and sales by using an opt-out preference signal for each participating browser system that you use. The Global Privacy Control signal is currently the only opt-out preference signal we can recognize. You can visit the Global Privacy Control official site at
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#about
to learn how to configure your device to send such signals. We will honor and process the opt-out preference signal in a frictionless manner. Please note that the opt-out choice will only apply to your use of our Sites through the current browser or device you are using and only so long as that browser’s cookies are not erased. You will need to submit a separate opt-out of sharing request on each device and browser you use to visit our Sites to completely opt-out using this method. Please note that you may still receive generalized ads after opting out of targeted advertising.]
8. Third-Party Websites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party sites. We recommend that you read the privacy statements of any other sites that you visit as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
9. How We Handle Children’s Information
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 16 (or other age as required by local law). If you are under 16, please do not attempt to fill out our forms or send any personal information about yourself to us. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review information collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us via the method identified in the Contact Us section below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will terminate the user’s access to our Service and take steps to delete such information from our filesystems, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it.
10. International Transfers of Personal Information
Halara’s business operates on a global scale. Thus, when you access and submit personal information to Halara, your personal information may be processed, maintained, and used on computers, servers, and systems located in other countries, where privacy and data protection laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country of residence. For those countries or regions, measures have been taken pursuant to applicable data protection laws to protect your personal information. We rely primarily on the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses to facilitate the international and onward transfer of personal information collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and Brazil, to extent the recipients of the European Personal Information are located in a country that the European Countries consider to not provide an adequate level of data protection. We may also rely on an adequacy decision of the relevant regulatory body confirming an adequate level of data protection in the jurisdiction of the party receiving the information, or derogations in specific situations.
If you do not want your information transferred to, processed, or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should immediately stop accessing or using the Services. For further details about these transfers and the safeguards that we use to facilitate such transfers, contact us at
Legal@halara.com
11. Additional Notice for California Residents
If you are a California resident, this section applies to you in addition to the rest of this Privacy Policy. The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”) requires us to disclose the following additional information related to our privacy practices.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
In the preceding 12 months, depending how you interact with our Services, we may have collected the following categories of personal information (as defined under Cal. Civ. Code §1798.140(v)(1)):
Identifiers
such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number, your device’s IP address, software, and identification numbers associated with your devices;
Characteristics protected under state and federal law,
such as your age, gender and other demographic information.
Commercial information
such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you, transaction records, and payment information;
Internet or other electronic information
regarding you browsing history, search history, the webpage visited before you came to our Site, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information;
Geolocation data,
to the extent you have configured your device to permit us to collect such information;
Audio or Visual information,
such as audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law; and
Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above,
such as your shopping preferences, characteristics, and behavior.
We generally do not collect protected classifications about our users, biometric information, professional or employment-related information, or education-related information. For more information about the Personal Information we collect and how we collect it, please refer to Section 2 above.
We collect your personal information for the business purposes described in Section 3. The CCPA defines a “business purpose” as the use of personal information for the business’s operational purposes, or other notified purposes, provided the use of personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information are listed in Section 4 above.
Your Right to Limit Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Under limited circumstances, we may process certain sensitive personal information as defined under California law. For example, we may collect our influencers’ ID number in order to facilitate the promotion event. We only use such sensitive personal information for the limited purpose of providing requested Services or perform our duties under applicable law. If we use or disclose your sensitive personal information for any other purposes, we will inform you and you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information. We do not process any sensitive personal information to infer characteristics about you without your consent.
Shine the Light Law.
If you are a California resident, you may opt out of us disclosing your personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. In your request, please specify that you want a “California Shine the Light Notice.”
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari, include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT” signals have not been adopted, our Site does not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.
Notice of Financial Incentive
We offer our customers rewards programs that provides certain perks, such as rewards and special promotions. We may also provide other programs, such as sweepstakes, contests, newsletters, or other similar promotional campaigns (collectively, the “Programs”). When you sign up for one of our Programs, we will ask you to provide your name and contact information (such as email address and/or telephone number). Because our Programs involve the collection of personal information, they might be interpreted as a “financial incentive” program under California law. The value of your personal information to us is related to the value of the free or discounted products or services, or other benefits that you obtain or that are provided as part of the Program.
[You may withdraw from participating in a Program at any time by contacting
Legal@halara.com
Visit the terms and conditions page to view full details, including how to join.]
12.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the email address below or via our postal address:
Please email our legal team at Legal@
Halara
.com；
If you are a resident of the European Union, European Economic Area and/or UK and believe we process your Personal Data within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in the EU/EEA and the Data Protection Act 2018 ( as amended) in the UK, you may direct questions or complaints to our Data Protection Representative. Our Data Protection Representative is
DataRep and can be contacted by sending an email to
halara@datarep.com
or by submitting online webform at
www.datarep.com/data-request
.
Postal Address:
(US DFS Inc.) 418 Broadway, STE N, Albany, NY 12207
(FULL SCALE FULL SPEED PTE. LTD.) 71 UBI ROAD 1#08-34OXLEY BIZHUB SINGAPORE
We use cookies to offer you a better experience, to personalize content and ads, to enable social media functionality and to analyze our performance. If you're okay with our and our partners’ use of cookies, click on “Accept Cookies”. Cookie preferences can be managed and disabled at any time by clicking on “Cookies Settings”. To learn more about our practices, you can also consult our
Privacy Policy
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Reject All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
x
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookies Details
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookies Details
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps