Privacy Policy
Phinsh Collage Maker is a Free mobile app developed by Unique Pixel Studio. However, only the android version includes in-App purchases currently.
This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection and use of Personal Information.
If you choose to use our app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The only situation we may get access to your Personal Information is when you personally decide to email us for a feedback or inquiry. In this case, what we see from your side is strictly limited to your email address and possibly your name (if you mentioned it in the sent email). In this situation, we guarantee that your information will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s camera, storage and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our app, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
Service Providers
We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
UniquePixelStudio@gmail.com
.
Last Updated: 07.08.2021
Search for...
Recent Posts
Heart Shape Collage in 1 Minute
iOS Version of Phinsh Collage Maker is Released!
Displaying Wedding Photos in Bedroom in a Creative Way
Recent Comments
Dado h saghir
on
Displaying Wedding Photos in Bedroom in a Creative Way
Dado h saghir
on
Displaying Wedding Photos in Bedroom in a Creative Way