Get Started Now
Privacy Policy
Effective date: February 11, 2022
Sintegrys LLC operates the
Happy Bday Card
(hereinafter referred to as the "App"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Apps and the choices you have associated with that data. By using the Apps, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
The App may collect certain information, including:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
Policy Changes
Any changes to this policy will be posted to an update of the Apps. You are advised to regularly view our most recent privacy policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
info@sintegrys.com
Get Started Now
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.robbie-app.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Effective date: February 20, 2019
Sintegrys LLC operates the iRobbie iOS App (hereinafter referred to as the "App"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and the choices you have associated with that data. By using the App, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
Personal Data
The iRobbie iOS App collect no Personal Data when you use the App.
Legal Requirements
The iRobbie iOS App does not share any data with law enforcement entities since your Personal Data is never collected.
Tracking & Cookies Data
No cookies are used and no tracking data is collected or used.
Security of Data
No method of transmission over the Internet of Personal Data is used.
Children's Privacy
We do not collect any personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18.
Service Providers
Some services in our app - eg Voice Control and iFinder - may use the internet to send data back to the provider of the Speech Recognition Service. Speech data from the App will be sent to Apple to process your requests. This will also help Apple improve its speech recognition technology.
Policy Changes
Any changes to this policy will be posted to an update of the App. You are advised to regularly view our most recent privacy policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
info@sintegrys.com
Get Started Now