Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Screwfix Spares Limited is registered as a Data Controller with the Data Protection Regulator, The Information Commissioner's Office. Our registration reference is ZB536155. Screwfix Spares Limited only collect or use personal and other information relating to you for the purposes indicated in notifications with the Information Commissioner's Office and as detailed in this privacy policy in accordance with all applicable UK  & International Laws.
Why Screwfix Spares Limited collect your information
When Screwfix Spares Limited collects and processes Personal Data it is conducted under the legal basis of performance of a contract to provide goods or services to you that you purchase.
What information Screwfix Spares Limited collects & how it is used
Personal Information
- When you place an order with Screwfix Spares Limited, your name, e-mail address, home address, delivery address, your contact telephone numbers and payment details, which may include credit or debit card number, expiry date & security code are collected in order to authorise your payment, process and fulfil your orders and to notify you of your order status.
Screwfix Spares Limited may also use this information to carry out security checks which may involve sharing your personal information with credit reference agency Experian to help prevent fraudulent activity.
Screwfix Spares Limited may also use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the site or to our services.
If you have provided prior consent Screwfix Spares Limited may also use your name and email address to send you special offers, updates and other promotions.
Consent will be asked for at the point of order and should you decide to order over the phone our operators will also ask you for consent at the appropriate time and refer you to this privacy policy.
Should you later wish to withdraw consent you may do so using the unsubscribe link in any email you receive from us or you may use our contact details to make this request.
Tracking & Performance Data
- To improve the design, to tailor content and in order to understand the buying behaviour of users, Screwfix Spares Limited use cookies which are small text files containing tracking information which are stored on your computer’s hard drive. If you set your browser to reject cookies you may be limiting your use of some areas of the website.
Cookies hold the following information:
A unique identification number in order to keep track of your order
A unique reference number to help identify your order as a whole
Product information
Computer IP address
Web Browser & version
Page views & visit information
To find out how to block the use of cookies, please refer to the Screwfix Spares Limited Cookie Policy. Please be aware however that blocking the use of cookies may prevent certain functions of our website from working.
Other Information Pertaining to you
- Screwfix Spares Limited may collect other information from you such as any email messages you send to us, transcripts of any live chats you take part in and Screwfix Spares Limited may also record any telephone conversations you may have for training, legal obligations, warranty and improvement purposes.
eSpares also uses tracking pixel technology where you are referred to our site from another website with whom we have a business affiliation, this technology is used to provide sales analysis information such as how many sales for specific products have been completed, revenue generated and so on, none of the information shared relates to specific or personal information that could identify you as an individual.
We also collect some of the personal information and data relating to you such as appliance and warranty data via a Mobile App for the purposes of registration and synchronisation of your data to the eSpares website as well as for customisation of your experiences while using the app, this app has its own privacy policy and will apply if you choose to download and use the app.
Your consumer rights
As a customer of Screwfix Spares Limited you have several rights in relation to the processing of your personal information, these are:
Right to Access
– You may contact Screwfix Spares Limited at any time to ask what information is held about you free of charge. Screwfix Spares Limited are obliged to provide this to you without undue delay up to a maximum of 30 days. Depending on the initial request Screwfix Spares Limited will issue a Subject Access Request (SAR) form in order to better and more quickly identify you and your records. Should Screwfix Spares Limited require more than 30 days to process your request Screwfix Spares Limited will contact you within the 30 day period and let you know.
Right to Accuracy
– Screwfix Spares Limited takes all necessary steps to ensure information collected is accurate, however should you believe or discover the information held about you is inaccurate you can contact us using the details in the Contact Us section below and ask us to correct it.
Right to Object
– If you are not satisfied in any way with how Screwfix Spares Limited is processing your information you may communicate using the details/methods provided in the Contact Us section and explain why you object. You may ask Screwfix Spares Limited to restrict or completely stop processing your information. Dependent on the legal basis upon which we are processing it, if Screwfix Spares Limited should not agree to this we will let you know together with the reason why. If you are still not satisfied with our response you may then further appeal this decision by escalating the matter to the ICO whose details are also listed in the Contact Us section.
Right to Erasure
– You may ask Screwfix Spares Limited to remove all information that relates to you using the details listed in the Contact Us section. Dependent on the legal basis upon which your personal data is being processing should we not agree to this Screwfix Spares Limited will let you know together with the reason why. If you are still not satisfied with the response you may then further appeal this decision by escalating the matter to the ICO whose details are also listed in the Contact Us section.
Right to Portability
– You can ask Screwfix Spares Limited to provide any information held about you to another organisation in a universally compatible format. Again you may make this request using the details shown in the Contact Us section.
Contacting us
You can exercise any of the rights listed above, this is known as a Data Subject Request (DSR) and should be made in writing by completing the form available as a PDF
here
This should be printed, completed, signed & returned to Screwfix Spares Limited together with 2 forms of ID, one of which must include your address.
Proofs of identity can include:
Your full name and address
Your Order Reference Number
Birth Certificate
Passport
Driver's License
Credit or debit card statement
Utility bill
Child benefit book
Pension book
Return this information to us by post:
The Data Protection Office
Screwfix Spares Limited.
Medco House,
Bordesley Green Road,
Birmingham
B9 4UA
To request data is erased or ask for a copy of your personal information,
click here
.
We recommend that postal communications are sent by Recorded Delivery, but this is not compulsory.
We will process your request and respond to you no later than 30 days after receipt of your communication.
Should you not be satisfied with Screwfix Spares Limited decision you may of course escalate the matter to
The Information Commissioners Office (ICO)
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Screwfix Spares Limited may make changes every now and then to its privacy policy & terms & conditions, it is your responsibility to familiarise yourself with the latest versions prior to using our website and our services.
We are a secure site
Screwfix Spares Limited uses various organisational and technical measures to protect your personal information.
Organisational Measures
– Screwfix Spares Limited have company policies and handling procedures in place which employees and business partners with whom we may share your information must follow. Regular training is also undertaken to ensure policy and procedures and all applicable regulations and laws are followed.
Access Control & Authentication
– Screwfix Spares Limited use access control systems to ensure only authorised employees and business partners have access to your information that is limited to what is needed for carrying out their job. Each individual with access has to provide access credentials in order to gain access to the systems which are monitored.
Just as Screwfix Spares Limited employees and business partners can gain access to your personal information, Screwfix Spares Limited site may also provide you with account facilities where you can customise and improve your user experience and manage any customisable settings as well as view your own account information.
In order to provide this service Screwfix Spares Limited invite you in the first instance to create a username and password. Screwfix Spares Limited would ask that you maintain the confidentiality of these credentials just as we do ours to help prevent unauthorised access.
Screwfix Spares Limited offer the following tips to keep your log in details secure:
Make your password strong
– the longer and more complicated it is the harder it is for others to guess or crack, we suggest using a passphrase (a random selection of words you can easily remember) or why not use a password manager (there are many freely available on line that can create one for you and remember it so that you don’t have to
Don't share passwords with anyone
- even someone you know, passwords can be easily compromised especially if they are known to others
Don't reuse passwords across multiple on line accounts
- once a password is compromised a crook can try these credentials on other websites that you may use and gain unauthorised access allowing them to learn more about you which can then be used for fraud or identity theft
Encryption
- Screwfix Spares Limited use data encryption to ensure safe and secure transactions. Screwfix Spares Limited site is secured using industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology which creates an encrypted link between the web server and your browser ensuring that all data passed between us remains private and secure.
In order to be able to generate this encrypted link a web server requires an SSL/TLS Certificate. SSL/TLS certificates confirm two essential factors:
That you have a secure SSL/TLS (encrypted) link with our website.
That the website owner is a valid and legitimate organisation.
Payment Card Data
– In addition to Screwfix Spares Limited using your payment details to process your order, the organisation that processes the payment together with your card issuer may do additional fraud checks to verify the card and the transaction is legitimate.
Visa & MasterCard in particular may interrupt the order process after you enter your payment details and will prompt you for an additional security password where you are using one of these cards and are enrolled in either the "MasterCard SecureCode" or "Verified by Visa" schemes. Where you are not enrolled you will be asked to enrol. Once this process is completed you will be returned to our website to complete the transaction.
MasterCard® SecureCode™ Explained
MasterCard® SecureCode™ is a simple and secure method of payment at online stores, for which you will have a private code known only to you and to your bank. Your SecureCode™ enhances your existing MasterCard® account by safeguarding against unauthorised use of your card when shopping at participating online retailers. Every time you make a payment with these retailers, you will be automatically prompted to enter your own private SecureCode™ - just like entering a PIN at a cash machine. In seconds, you gain added protection while shopping online.
Verified by Visa Explained
Verified by Visa is a simple password-protected identity-checking service that takes the risk out of online shopping for both retailers and customers. Retailers are protected against fraudulent transactions and the costs associated with it, while customers can spend with confidence knowing that their payment details are safe.
Data Storage & Retention
– In order to minimise the risk of exposure to your information Screwfix Spares Limited only keep your information for as long as needed in accordance with our policies, industry best practice and to comply with the law. Screwfix Spares Limited current internal retention policy is set to a maximum of 7 years this allows us to comply with financial regulations and provides ample time for customers to make enquiries about previous orders and to deal with queries regarding any guarantee and warranty period on products or services sold to you.
Personal information collected via this website is stored on servers located within the EU and therefore is subject to both UK and EU privacy and data protection regulations; Screwfix Spares Limited will not store your information on systems outside of the EU without permission from you unless international data sharing treaties or specialist contracts are in place.
Information Sharing
– Screwfix Spares Limited will not disclose your personal information to anyone other than businesses within the Screwfix Spares Limited group and to reputable third party contractors engaged by Screwfix Spares Limited to perform a variety of functions such as delivering and processing your orders, assisting with promotions, fraud management, handling complaints or providing technical services such as Live Chat and hosting.
Screwfix Spares Limited require all such third parties to sign a data sharing agreement which means they agree to treat your personal information as fully confidential and to fully comply with all applicable UK and International data protection laws and consumer legislation from time to time in place. Additionally Screwfix Spares Limited will never sell or pass your personal information to anyone without informing you and gaining your consent.
Disclaimer
– Screwfix Spares Limited provide links to other resources & websites such as review sites, social media pages and blogs hosted on other platforms amongst others. By visiting these sites you recognise that these other websites to which Screwfix Spares Limited link to will be governed by their own terms and conditions & privacy policies. We accept no responsibility or liability for the content and data protection policies of websites which are not within Screwfix Spares Limited control.
This privacy policy may not be applicable in all countries where Screwfix Spares Limited visitors or registered community users reside, security policies may vary according to the individual Internet laws in each host country.
Cookie Policy
There are lots of misconceptions about cookies and what they are for.
Cookies are not programs; they are simple text files that can be used by a website for various purposes. At eSpares we use cookies to ensure our website works efficiently and also to observe visitor behavior during a session. All the information contained in these cookies is used to ensure the website works correctly, delivers the performance you expect and also to improve the overall experience offered to visitors and customers. Some of these cookies are essential to the operation of the website.
If you would like to manage your cookies, you have the ability to turn them on/off and save your choices. If you ever want to change them in the future, please click on Cookie Settings and change your choices accordingly and click save.
The cookies we use are:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are needed to run our website and to keep it secure.
Source of Cookie
[Name of Cookie]
Purpose
Expiry
Session ID
[ASP.NET_SessionId]
Session ID is a unique number which is used to identify a user that has logged on to a website
Upon expiry of session
Currency
[currency]
This cookie is used to identify and store which currency the user is choosing to browse the site with
One year
Destination
[destination]
This cookie is used to identify and store which delivery destination the user selects
One year
Basket ID
[basketId]
This cookie is used to identify the user's basket and its contents. This allows us to keep track of all changes to the basket
One year
Request Verification Token
[__RequestVerificationToken]
This cookie is used for anti-forgery purposes
Upon expiry of session
Authentication/Login
[.ESPARES_AUTH]
This cookie is used to ensure that the user has successfully authenticated and has logged in successfully
Upon expiry of session
YouTube
Third Party Cookies. Cookies are used by YouTube to allow users to view product videos embedded on to our site.
For further information from YouTube, please read
YouTube's privacy policy
Varies from upon expiry of session to ten years from set/update
NetScaler
[NSC_qh_xxx]
Set by the load balancer for sticky sessions
Upon expiry of session
Google Tag Manager
Third Party Cookies. Google Tag Manager does not personally set cookies, however the services it hosts will contain cookies
PayPal
Third Party Cookies. These cookies are required for secure transactions when placing an order with PayPal.
For more information on how PayPal uses cookies, please read
PayPal's cookie policy
Power Reviews
[__pr*]
Power Reviews use cookies to help with generating the best customer experience feedback. For more information on how Power Reviews use cookies, please read
Power Reviews' cookie policy
Two years
Jotform
[JOTFORM_SESSION, guest, userReferer, last_form]
Third Party Cookies. These cookies are required for our online Data Subject Request form.
For more information on how Jotform uses cookies, please read
Jotform's cookie policy
JOTFORM_SESSION
- Twenty nine days
guest
- Twenty nine days
userReferer
- Twenty nine days
last_form
- Twenty nine days
User Id
[user_id]
This cookie is used to identify users.
400 days
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow us to provide enhanced functionality and personalise content for you. For example they're used to recognise you when you return to our website. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Source of Cookie
[Name of Cookie]
Purpose
Expiry
Marketing/Targeting Cookies
These cookies help us decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. We use this data to customise the marketing content you see on websites, apps and social media. They also help us understand the performance of our marketing activities. These cookies are set by us or our carefully-selected third parties.
Source of Cookie
[Name of Cookie]
Purpose
Expiry
Fresh Relevance
[tms_VisitorID, tms_wsip, newsPopup]
Third Party Cookies. This site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping. This data may be used to personalize marketing content to help find what you want
The tms_VisitorID cookie stores a unique id for the device, this is used to keep track of your shopping
The tms_wsip cookie records whether you are using a modern web browser that supports a more efficient communication channel called "web sockets"
The newsPopUp cookie is the default cookie used by PopOver SmartBlocks to suppress a PopOver x days after it is last seen, where x is configurable for each PopOver. The duration is also the same value as x
tms_VisitorID
- Five hundred and fifty nine days
tms_wsip
- One day
newsPopup
- One month
Meta Pixel
[presence, oo, xs, c_user, sb, datr]
Presence - Collects cookie data to retarget users & serve ads on the facebook platform
oo - has a lifespan of five years, to help you opt out of seeing ads from Meta based on your activity on third-party websites
xs - Set for users that are logged into facebook, this cookie captures session number and secret. This cookie is used to help service advertisements to people who have visited the website
c_user - Collects cookie data to retarget users & serve ads on the facebook platform.
Sb - Collects cookie data to retarget users & serve ads on the facebook platform
Datr - This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites
Analytical Cookies
These cookies tell us how customers use our site and provide information to help us improve the website and your browsing experience.
Source of Cookie
[Name of Cookie]
Purpose
Expiry
Google Analytics
[__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmt, __utmz, _ga, _gat, _gid]
Third Party Cookies. We use Google Analytics to help us understand how visitors navigate to and through our website
__utma
- Two years from set/update
__utmb
- Thirty minutes from set/update
__utmc
- Upon expiry of session
__utmt
- Ten minutes
__utmz
- Six months from set/update
_ga
- Two years
_gat
- One minute
_gid
- Upon expiry of session
Google AdWords Conversion Linker
[_gcl_au, _gcl_aw]
Third Party Cookies. Google uses this cookie to help customise adverts on Google Properties such as Google Search
_gcl_au
- Three months
_gcl_aw
- Ninety days
Hotjar
[_hjid, _hjIncludedInSample]
Third Party Cookies. Hotjar tracks visitors moving around the site. This helps us to make improvements to the site
_hjIncludedInSample
- Upon expiry of session
_hjid
- One year
Google Customer Reviews / Certified Shop Badge
Google uses cookies in order to provide a Google Customer Reviews rating on our page. For information on how Google uses cookies, please read
Google's cookie policy
Trustpilot
Trustpilot uses cookies for many reasons, such as generating statistics and authentication for genuine reviews. For information on how Trustpilot uses cookies, please read
Trustpilot's cookie policy
Bing
[_uetsid]
Bing uses this cookie to help customise advertisements and content on properties such as Bing Search Engine. For information on how Bing uses cookies, please read
Bing's cookie policy
One minute to thirty days