Privacy Policy of MobileTrans App
MobileTrans App Privacy Policy
MobileTrans respects your privacy and takes a careful attitude towards user information security. When you
        install MobileTrans, upon your agreement, MobileTrans shall, out of providing data transfer services, improving
        service quality and data collection accuracy, collect and process some data related to your mobile device and
        data types.
Before using the Application, please read carefully the following privacy policy which provides you, as the
        user of the Website and/or Application (the “User” or “You”), with the relevant information regarding the
        various processing of personal data implemented by MobileTrans, and frequently learn about the privacy policy
        updates. If you disagree with the following privacy policy, please stop using the Application and uninstall
        it.
MobileTrans fully comprehends the importance of your personal information, and will be devoted to protecting the
        security and reliability of your personal information. MobileTrans shall be committed to maintaining your trust,
        and abide by the following principles to protect your personal information:
1) Compliance of rights and obligations;
2) Explicitness of goals;
3) Agreement upon choosing;
4) Minimum utilization;
5) Security assurance;
6) User participation;
7) Publicity and transparency.
Meanwhile, MobileTrans shall take sufficient security measures to protect your personal information by adhering
        to the mature security standards in the industry.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTION
The following information shall be collected during data backup:
1) Device model type;
2) Device manufacturer;
3) Types of transferred data;
4) Data transfer status (success or failure);
5) Log data (for example, service use time and duration).
The following information shall not be collected:
1) Detailed data transferred from your old phone to new phone;
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION PURPOSES
1) To provide you with services or functions, such as to transfer data;
2) To optimize MobileTrans products and services and improve user experience based on your tool use and the log
        data;
3) To deliver ads (customization ads and sponsorship contents) and promotion information;
4) To evaluate and analyze the market, customer, product, and service (including the query of your opinions on
        MobileTrans products and services, and customer polls).
3. UTILIZATION OF TOKEN AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES
To ensure that the Application run properly, MobileTrans shall save a “token” file on your device. The token is
        an identity verification mechanism. The user submits account data to the server initially. The server generates
        a character string (token) based on specific policies. The token character string contains some user information
        and will expire after some time. The server transfers the token character string to the client end, which will
        save it and add it in the subsequent requests.
4. SHARING OR DISCLOSING OF YOUR INFORMATION?
Without your consent, MobileTrans shall never disclose your information to a third party for its own marketing
        or commercial purposes. MobileTrans, however, may disclose your information to the following entities:
1) Associated enterprises
Your information may be shared with an associated enterprise;
2) Business partners
Your information may be shared with a business partner of MobileTrans;
3) Service providers
Your information may be shared with an enterprise that provides services to MobileTrans or acts on behalf of
        MobileTrans;
4) Other entities upon your consent on information sharing
Apart from the disclosing situations described in the privacy policy, your information may be shared with a
        third party upon your consent on information sharing or request for information sharing.
5. PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
MobileTrans has used protection measures that comply with industry standards to protect your personal
        information from unauthorized access, exposure, use, modification, corruption, or loss, and will take all
        feasible measures to protect your personal information by ensuring that all collected information is used only
        on the purposes specified in the privacy policy.
In case of security events concerning your personal information, MobileTrans shall, by complying with related
        laws and regulations, notify you of the following:
1) Basic situations and possible implications of the security events;
2) Counter measures taken or to be taken;
3) Comments that advise you to prevent or lower risks proactively;
4) Rescue measures.
MobileTrans shall inform you of the event situations by emails, mails, phone calls, notifications, etc., and
        dispense announcements in a reasonable and effective manner if it may be impossible to inform affected users one
        by one. Meanwhile, MobileTrans shall report to authorities on how the security events are addressed by complying
        with the requirements of supervision departments.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
According to the laws, regulations, and standards in China, and common practices in other countries and regions,
        MobileTrans ensures that you have the following rights on your personal information:
1) Access your personal information
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, you have the right to access your personal information.
        Some information may be collected anonymously and therefore cannot be accessed.
2) Rectify your personal information
You have the right to demand information rectification when finding that your information processed by
        MobileTrans is incorrect. Some information may be collected anonymously and therefore cannot be rectified.
3) Delete your personal information
You can demand the deletion of your personal information in the following situations:
a. Your personal information is processed by violating laws and regulations;
b. Your personal information is collected and processed without your consent;
c. Your personal information is processed by violating the agreement;
d. You no longer use the MobileTrans products or services, or have cancelled your account.
Some information may be collected anonymously and therefore cannot be deleted.
If deciding to follow your deletion request, MobileTrans shall also demand that its related entities that hold
        your personal information should delete it in a timely manner, unless the cases are otherwise stipulated by laws
        and regulations, or such entities have obtained your permission independently of MobileTrans.
When your personal information is deleted from related services, MobileTrans may not synchronize the information
        deletion in the system immediately, but will delete the required information during backup updates.
4) Change the authorized scope
Each service function requires some basic personal information for implementation. Refusal to provide such
        information may result in the failure to deliver the corresponding services to you. You can grant or cancel your
        permission anytime on the collection and use of additional personal information.
5) Limit the auto decision of the information system
In some service functions, decisions may be made based on non-human decision-making mechanisms, such as the
        information systems and algorithms. If such decisions affect your rightful benefits, you have the right to
        demand an explanation from MobileTrans, who will, therefore, provide proper redressing measures.
7. GLOBAL TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In principle, MobileTrans will use a database within the jurisdiction of People’s Republic of China to store the
        personal information collected and generated in the jurisdiction of the People’s Republic of China.
8. REVISION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Occasionally, MobileTrans may change this privacy policy. In this case, new versions shall be released in a
        timely manner, and you are therefore encouraged to periodically note MobileTrans-released notices regarding
        privacy policy changes. Contact us in the following ways if you have any doubts concerning the privacy policy of
        MobileTrans.
Name: Wondershare MobileTrans App
E-mail: privacy@wondershare.com
Address: Haitian Road, Software Industry Base, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mobiletrans.wondershare.com/privacy.html:
We have updated our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookies Policy
, by clicking any link on our sites you are giving your consent to the terms.
Agree
Cookies Service
We use cookies to process end device information and your personal data. You can confirm your consent to all such cookies that will process your personal information by clicking "Accept All", or you can use the checkbox to confirm the Cookies functions and services you agree to by clicking "Settings". This consent is voluntary, not required for the use of our website and can be revoked at any time using the icon on the bottom left.
Reject All
Accept All
Save and Exit
Settings
Privacy settings
404
Searching for something? Try one of the links below,
or sign up to get discount
.
Hot Tutorials
How to Transfer WhatsApp Between iOS and Android Phones?
How To Transfer Data From Phone To Phone on your Computer?
How to Backup and Restore Phone WhatsApp Messages?
How to Export Phone Data to Computer?
How to Retrieve WhatsApp Message?
Get Help
FAQs
Quick Guide
Tips & Tricks
Other Users Also Liked
More Wondershare Products