GLAM Policy
Welcome to GLAM.(the “App” or “GLAM”) and all of its associated websites including
getglam.app
and its associated content, products and services (“Services”) are owned and operated by Glam Labs, Inc (“Glam Labs”, “us”, “we” or “our”).
At Glam Labs, your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. To provide our users with the highest levels of data protection, as well as assurance that we will not misuse your information, Glam Labs is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) as stated below and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”).
This Privacy Policy (also “Policy”) governs the use of GLAM, the Glam Labs Website and your use of any of our Services provided through the same. When using or accessing the Website and the Services, you are agreeing to be bound
            by the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use policy. This policy may refer to users as “you” or “user” and may refer to Glam Labs as “us,” “we,” or
            “our.” If you do not agree to the terms within this Privacy Policy and the corresponding Terms of Use, do not access or use GLAM, the Website or  the Services.
Please read this Privacy Policy (also "Policy") carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use GLAM or our Website and the Services.
By accessing or using the Website, the App and Services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
                This policy may refer to users as “you” or “user”.If you do not agree to the terms within this Privacy Policy and the corresponding Terms of Use, do not access or use GLAM, the Website or the Services.
                Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use GLAM or our Website and Services. By accessing or using the Website, the App and Services, you agree to this privacy policy.
                This Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). 
                Your continued use of the Website, the App and the Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, 
                so please check the policy periodically for updates.
A small note on how AI Avatars feature works:
GLAM uses a Neural Network Model Stable Diffusion that allows users to generate personalized AI Avatars (“Avatars”).
Users upload 10 to 20 photos and select their gender.
Using these data, a copy of the Stable Diffusion model is retrained to personalize the model
After the model copy is retrained, it generates the Avatars
After the AI Avatars are generated, the model copy, along with uploaded photos, are deleted permanently from our servers.
We do not use your Personal Data to generally train and/or create our separate artificial intelligence/products.
We do our best to moderate the settings of the AI model, however, it is still possible that you may encounter content that you may see as inappropriate for you.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains what we do with your Personal Data (as defined below) and allows you to manage your Personal Data effectively.
By Using GLAM, you understand and agree that we are providing you with tools for editing and adjusting photos and videos that you upload, and, if you so request, for generating or creating new content from them, for example with our AI Avatars feature.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or GLAM, please contact us at
contact@glamlabs.app
(for additional contact information, please, see Section “Contact Information” of this Privacy Policy).
Information collected and stored by Glam Labs
In order to carry out the Services of Glam Labs and to provide a great user experience, we will collect and store the following information about you:
Personal Information, that may be used to identify you as an individual
(Personal information is any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person).
First and Last Name;
Profile Picture or Avatar;
Profile Information from Third-Party Social Media and Payment Websites;
Your Email Address;
IP Address;
Your gender
Other information that may be linked to personal information
Content You Post Publicly or Privately on Your Glam Labs Account;
Searches Completed through the Website;
Preference Settings;
Stored Information or Files Created or Stored on Website or through the Services;
Any Emails You Send to Glam Labs;
Times of Access to Website;
Websites that Referred to Glam Labs;
Your Operating System Type
How we collect your personal information
Glam Labs collects personal information from you upon your registration for our Services and upon your log-in to or accessing of GLAM, our Website or Services. We collect any additional information about you when you
            interact with us electronically or in person, when you access GLAM, or our Website and when we provide our Services to you.
It may not be readily apparent to you when such data is being collected. For instance, when you visit our Website or download or use GLAM, your IP address is collected so that we know where to send information you are
            requesting. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.
AI Avatars:
In order to generate AI Avatars, you have to upload 10-20 photos to GLAM. At this point, your photos are stored on our servers (provided by Amazon Web Services (USA)). Then, a copy of the Stable Diffusion model is created to be retrained with your photos to personalize the model and to create your Avatars. Immediately after the successful generation of Avatars, your original photos are deleted from our servers. Your purchased Avatars are stored on our servers so that they remain accessible to you in GLAM at any time and from any device until you decide to delete them.
How we process your photos
With regard to your photos, most processing activities take place on your device, however there are exceptions to this rule when you generate AI avatars. When you generate AI avatars, the photos that you have uploaded to GLAM or those selected by GLAM from your cameral roll/ library are stored on our servers (provided by Amazon Web Services (USA)). Then, a copy of the Stable Diffusion model is created to be retrained with your photos to personalize the model and to create your Avatars. Immediately after the successful generation of Avatars, your original photos are deleted from our servers. Your purchased Avatars are stored on our servers so that they remain accessible to you in GLAM at any time and from any device until you decide to delete them.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere in this Privacy Policy:
We do not use photos and Avatars to identify any individual user;
We do not use your photos, videos or Avatars for authentication, advertising, or marketing purposes and we do not share them with any third parties without your prior consent;
We do not use your photos and Avatar for the purposes of identifying anonymous users and reconstructing their user profiles.
Why we collect your personal information
We process your personal information because we have a contractual obligation with you. When you create an account to use GLAM (required for any paid subscriptions), or our Website and Services, and agree to our Terms
            of Service, a contract is formed between you and us. In order to carry out our contractual obligations we need to process the information you provide, which also includes personal information. Even if there is no
            direct contractual obligation between us, we may process your information based on your explicit consent you have provided (to us or a third-party data controller) for the processing of that information.
How we use your personal information
We will use the personal information collected from you:
to administer your account with us and provide you with our Services;
to respond to your inquiries and deliver reminder e-mails to you;
to provide you with information regarding updates and changes to GLAM, our Website, our Terms of Service or any Services we offer or provide through it;
to improve our products and Services;
to provide personalized experience for you upon use of our Services;
Information about your gender:
When you use our AI Avatars feature, we ask you about your gender. This information is used by the AI model solely to generate the Avatars in accordance with the indicated gender: for example, if you choose to identify your gender as a female, then you will receive conventionally more feminine-like Avatars.
Additionally, we may use anonymized information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for
            these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of personal information
We will not disclose your personal information to any third parties and we do not share, sell, rent, or trade your personal information with third parties for their commercial purposes, however, we reserve the right to
            disclose information about you to third parties to third-parties for assistance in improving the Glam Labs products and Services. Additionally, we may disclose personal and non-personally identifiable information
            with third parties service providers, engaged by us to provide technical support, hosting Services, testing, network security or statistical Services, any such disclosure will be subject to confidentiality obligations.
Glam Labs may also disclose information about you to third-parties where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or
            property of Glam Labs, our affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the Glam Labs
            employees, owners, or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.
Glam Labs may use third-party payment processor including Stripe, Plaid or other credit card provider platforms for payment transactions. Wherever you designate a payment source for transaction processing with us
            through any platform, you are responsible for visiting, understanding and abiding by all terms of such platforms and such payment sources.
When you choose to use the AI Avatars feature, you provide your gender identification, which is used to retrain the separate copy of the Stable Diffusion model to generate Avatars based on your particular photos. It is our contractual obligation to ensure that we provide you with the requested service. This data is deleted immediately after the Avatars are successfully generated.
How long we keep your information
We will keep your personal information for as long as you use GLAM, our Website and our Services. You have the right to request that your personal information is permanently removed from our system and database at any
            time. We will accommodate such requests within 45 (forty-five) days or less. You can e-mail such requests for permanent removal to
contact@glamlabs.app
Right to access and control your data
We provide you with many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts and communication controls.
            We will provide you with access to your personal information that we store and allow you to:
Delete your data — you can request that we erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e. g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you);
Change or correct your data — you have the option to edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate;
Object to, or limit or restrict, use of data — you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e. g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e. g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held);
Right to access and/or take your data — you can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
We provide our California consumers with detailed information about the categories of personal information you have collected in the past 12 months.
You may send us an e-mail at
contact@glamlabs.app
to request any or all of the above.
Cookies and tracking technologies
We collect information about you using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a Website. The cookies that we use are for authentication purposes (to facilitate your log-in) and
            session cookies (to recognize your preferences while navigating through the Website).
Usually the information that we collect automatically through cookies is statistical data and cannot be used to identify you as an individual. It helps us to improve our App(s), Website and Services and to deliver a
            better and more personalized service.
Additionally, there might be third party cookies used on our Website by third party advertisers, those cookies are not related to your profile, they cannot identify who you are and therefore are not linked to your
            personal data.
When you first visit our Website, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies. If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their use for any
            other purpose. If you choose not to use cookies or you prevent their use through your browser settings, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our Website or Services.
Security of your personal information
Glam Labs is committed to ensuring that the information you provide to us is secure from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. We have implemented suitable physical, electronic and
            managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorized access, modification and disclosure.
All information you provide to us is stored, if at all, on a secure database behind a Virtual Private Network;
We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination, if they fail to meet these obligations;
We back up all client data in multiple data centers enabling speedy recovery in case of a disaster;
Whenever possible we will make sure we pseudonymise all personal or related data.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you a password for access to certain parts of our App, Website or Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
                We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website or our Apps or platforms that support or make them available or usable, including
                chats or message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website or our Apps or Services.
Commercial and non-commercial communication
By providing information to the Website or through our App(s) or Services, such as signing up for a newsletter or an account, you have agreed to receive e-mail communication from us. However, you may unsubscribe from
                certain communications by notifying Glam Labs that you no longer wish to receive solicitations or commercial information. Glam Labs will remove you from the database, where you have the right to request this under the
                Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, or applicable law, or where Glam Labs voluntarily decides to grant the request.
Children’s online privacy protection act
The Glam Labs Website, App(s) and Services are directed to persons over the age of 13. Glam Labs does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age or have any reasonable grounds for believing
                that persons under the age of 13 are accessing the Website, or our Services or App(s). If Glam Labs discovers any inadvertently collected Personal Information of a person under the age of 13, that information will be
                swiftly deleted from its’ records. If you believe that Glam Labs may have any information from a person under age 13, please contact Glam Labs at:
contact@glamlabs.app
Your California privacy rights
Glam Labs welcomes residents of the State of California to use its App(s), Website and Services, and complies with the California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579. If you are a California resident
                you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please send a written request to Glam Labs, Inc., 156 2nd St., San Francisco,
                CA 94105
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will notify you via email sent to the email address you provide at the time of registration as well as post an
                updated version of this Privacy Policy on our Website, App pages/platforms or where Services under our control are otherwise made available, so that you and other users are always aware of what information we collect,
                how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Changes will not apply retroactively and changes addressing new functions for a service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective
                immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms, you should discontinue your use of the Website and our App(s) and Services. Your continued use of the after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new
                Privacy Policy. You should also check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Under the CCPA and the CPRA we will be reviewing this Privacy Policy every 12 months.
Contact information
If you have any questions, comments, complaints or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you can contact us anytime through at the following address: 156 2nd St., San Francisco, CA 94105, and/or
contact@glamlabs.app
. We take complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of your complaint.
Privacy notice for california residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act
Effective date: November 6, 2020
Last Reviewed: Sept 24, 2024
This Privacy Notice for California residents supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy above and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California
                ("consumers" or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
1. Categories of Information We Collect
Our Website, App(s) and Services collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular
            consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, our Website, Services and App(s) have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12)
            months:
1). Identifiers, such as: names, e-mail addresses, Internet Protocol addresses, or other similar identifiers.
Collected:
YES
2) Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) such as: a name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description,
                address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit
                card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Collected:
YES
3) Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law such as: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition,
                physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information
                (including familial genetic information).
Collected:
NO
4) Commercial information obtained, purchased or considered, such as records of personal property, records of products or Services purchased or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies
Collected:
YES
5) Biometric information
Collected:
NO
6) Activity information relating to internet or other electronic networks such as browsing or searching history, or interaction with a Website, ad, or app
Collected:
YES
7) Geolocation information
Collected:
NO
8) Audio, visual, thermal, electronic, olfactory or other similar information
Collected:
YES
9) Information related to employment or other professional standings
Collected:
NO
10) Information related to education
Collected:
NO
11) Any inferences drawn using any of the above information in order to profile a consumer and reflect the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
                intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
Collected:
NO
2. Under this Privacy Policy, personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope and covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including but not limited to Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
3. We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete on our Website or through our App(s) or Services.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website or through the use of our App(s) or Services or interactions with our advertisers.
From social media websites that you use to log in or subscribe to our Website, App(s), or Services.
4. Use of Personal Information
We may use, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or Services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product or Service orders.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
5. Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the
        recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Payment processors (e. g. Paypal, Stripe, App Store, etc.) for purposes of payment
Google Analytics for Website metrics and Amplitude for App metrics
Hosting such as Amazon Web Services.
However, we don’t explicitly share any information with web service provider.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Glam Labs has not explicitly disclosed personal information for a business purpose.
Sales of Personal Information in the preceding twelve (12) months — Glam Labs has not sold personal information in the preceding twelve (12) months.
6. Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
1) Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
            Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: (i) sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (ii) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
2) Deletion Request Rights.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your
        verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
3) Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights.
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, you need to submit a verifiable consumer request to us by sending us a message
        to our customer service at
contact@glamlabs.app
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a
        verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
4) Response Timing and Format.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in
        writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The
        response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and
        should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by electronic mail communication.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made
        that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
7. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we
        actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a
        consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a
        request to us at:
contact@glamlabs.app
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back into personal information sales at
        any time by visiting our Website and sending us a message. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
8. Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or Services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or Services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or Services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or Services or a different level or quality of goods or Services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your
        personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at
        any time.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal
        information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please e-mail us at:
contact@glamlabs.app
Last Updated: September 23, 2024