This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which labeledman.com collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the labeledman.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by labeledman.com. We respect the privacy of our customers and the visitors of our website.
Among other things, this means that we: clearly state the purposes for which we process personal data. We do this through our privacy policy. Strive to limit our collection of personal data to only those personal data that are necessary for our purposes. Ask for your explicit consent before processing your personal data when this is required. Implement appropriate security measures to prevent loss and unauthorised access to your personal data. Respect your right of inspection, correction and removal of your personal data, upon your request.
Labeledman.com may collect and use Users information for the following purposes:
a. operate and improve offerings through the Site;
b. help authenticate you when you are on the Site;
c. remember your preferences and registration information, as the case may be;
d. present and help measure and research the effectiveness of the Site offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications and;
e. Advertisers on the Site might use information gathered by the use cookies and/or the web beacons for the purpose of online behavioral advertising and/or multisite advertising. Further information as regards the use of cookies and web beacons is set forth below.
Personal identification information
In principle, a User can visit the Site without providing any personal data. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. When a User provides personal data on the part of the Site which consists, then he provides his consent to the Site to process these for the purposes mentioned Above. If these personal data concern another person than the User, then the User warrants that he is entitled to provide this consent on behalf of that other person.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information and to track your general visiting paterns.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Site does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Site.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Site;
To provide the Site on our behalf;
To perform Site-related services; or
To assist us in analysing how our Site is used.
We want to inform users of this Site that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, Username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Your right of inspection, correction and removal
You have the right to know, upon your request, which of your personal data is actually processed by us, if any. If any personal data we may have of you is incorrect, you may require us to correct it or remove it. If you do not want to receive any information from us about our services or products, please let us know.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. Changes will be notified at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: labeledman@gmail.com
This document was last updated on June 28, 2020