Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 23, 2023
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your Personal Data (as defined below) and how we will treat it.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Pocket Apps LLC apps, games, websites and related services (together the "Services" or "games", "apps", "websites" for individual categories). This Privacy Policy explains how we, and affiliated companies (collectively, "Pocket Apps LLC" or "we", "us", "our") collect, use, secure, and/or disclose end users’ ("you" or "your") or otherwise processes your personal information when you use our Services.
The data controller is Pocket Apps LLC, with a registered address at prospekt Dzerzhinskogo 3B-58, 6th floor, Minsk, Belarus. Pocket Apps LLC as Data Controller does not and will not process any special categories of personal data ("sensitive data").
Pocket Apps LLC as Data Controller
Information and Data We Collect from You
By using our Services you agree to our Privacy Policy and confirm that you are at least 16 years old.
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to identify you ("Personal Data"). Our Services are designed to avoid collecting information such as your name, address, email address or other similar contact data unless you provide such data to us. The information we collect include:
Automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your device's operating system, browser type and language)
Mobile device identifiers (such as your unique device ID (persistent/non-persistent), IDFA (Identifier for advertisers), hardware type
General location information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application
Precise-geo-location information from your mobile device (but not in all our applications and games and only with your express consent where applicable)
Applications and games data (such as your interactions with the application or game and with the other users or players inside the application or game respectively via server log files, your user or player ID)
How We Use Your Information
Pocket Apps LLC's primary goals in using information are to provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct marketing and research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
We collect information automatically about your activity through our Services, for example date and time you used a service, features you have used, in-app purchase history, subscriptions, and advertising that you click on, and data generated when you use our Services, for example your game progress which may be stored with your Apple ID on iCloud for iOS Devices in some of our Services. Our Services may also contain tools from third party service providers that may enable these third parties to separately collect and/or analyze non-Personal Data from the users' devices.
We may use your information to:
Operate and improve our Service
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, push notifications, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Pocket Apps LLC and our selected partners
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
The legal basis for us to use your information is the agreements you enter into with us in connection with the Services (the "Terms of Use"). Our employees have access to your information only to the extent their functions are required to provide our Service or otherwise act on our behalf as set forth in this Policy.
Other Information
With only your express consent, we or our partners may collect your precise location based information (GPS) for the purpose of tailoring content specific to your area (such as area based content packages), and to match your device location to certain points of interest for purposes of interest based advertising as described elsewhere in this Policy. Please note, participation in this part of the Service is not a requirement for all our applications and games. You may at any time opt-out from sharing your location by turning it off at the device level through your settings.
Information We Obtain from Third Parties
We may receive information about you from our analytics service providers with data they collect through our Services in accordance with their own privacy policies. A list of the third parties that operate in our Services can be found in the Appendix A below.
Tracking and Data Collection Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user's computer/device and to "remember" things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time.
Website Services
While you are browsing the Sites, your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyse your use of the Service.
We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with the Services and notify you about Pocket Apps LLC news and promotions.
Mobile Applications
When you use any of the Pocket Apps LLC applications or games on a mobile platform, we may record certain information and data, such as your application usage, access, session times and in-app purchases, your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name, and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends and improve and optimize the Services and your user experience, and may also be utilized for interest based advertising as described elsewhere in this Policy.
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications about application updates, new content availability and other service related that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
Rights of Data Subjects
You have the right to request the access and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability. Further, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a respective supervisory authority.
The right to rectification is your right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you
The right to erasure is your right to obtain the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay, where certain additional circumstances are fulfilled
Under certain circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of personal data;
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, and that you have provided to us, and have the right to transmit those data to another controller, where technically feasible, where the processing is based on consent or on a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on respective provisions of the law, including profiling based on those provisions
Subject to the respective statutory limitations set by the applicable law, you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Where the processing of personal data is based on your consent you can withdraw such consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent prior to its withdrawal.
Please use
hello@pocketninja.dev
to exercise all of the aforementioned rights.
You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Information
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may correct, update, delete inaccuracies, or delete your personal information by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us. We will respond to your access request within a reasonable timeframe.
Opting Out of Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails by emailing us with the contact information provided in this policy. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Data Security and Retention Periods
Keeping Personal Data secure is a topmost priority for Pocket Apps LLC. We do our best to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, disclosure and other improper processing activities.
We have put in place reasonable and appropriate organisational, technical and physical procedures and safeguards to protect the information we collect and process. These procedures also take into account the type of personal data and the risks related to its possible disclosures. In the following we bring out specific actions with regard to organisational, technical and physical safeguards in place at Pocket Apps LLC.
Data Retention
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Information for internal analytics purposes. Usage Information is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to improve the functionality of our Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Your Personal Data collected through our Services will be deleted when they no longer serve one of the above-mentioned purposes but in any event your Personal Data will be deleted after 14 months of inactivity in your use of our Services. Once we have deleted your Personal Data, you will not be able to exercise the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification or the right to data portability.
Our Policy Regarding Children
We appreciate the need to provide extra privacy protections to users who are children. Our Services are intended for general audiences over the age of 16 years. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
Subcontracting and Exporting Personal Data
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
Third Party Services
Our Services may contain third party tracking, data sources, data collection and analytics tools from our service providers, examples of which include Firebase, YouTube, Amplitude Analytics, Appsflyer, Tenjin. A list of the third parties that operate in our Services can be found in the Appendix A below. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user and device related data and information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to and collect data and information about you, such as your device identifier, IDFA (Identifier for advertisers), locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, IP address, application usage, access and session times, applications present on the device or in use at a particular time on the device, and your viewing of and interactions with advertising, for the purpose of providing their services, including, for example, enabling, providing and delivering advertising as described in further detail below. The privacy policies of our service providers may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
How We May Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
Pocket Apps LLC does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
Pocket Apps LLC may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. An example of these services may include analyzing data and providing customer support. These agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for Pocket Apps LLC.
We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection. In certain situations, Pocket Apps LLC may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities or for local law enforcement requirements.
Pocket Apps LLC may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our Sites of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Links to Other Sites
For the convenience of our visitors and clients, the Website and application may contain links to other sites, such as those of our partners or vendors, which are subject to different privacy policies. The Policy will not apply to your use of other websites. While we generally try to link only to sites that share similar high standards and respect for privacy, we have no responsibility or liability for the content, products or services offered, independent actions, or the privacy and security practices employed by these other independent sites. We encourage you to ask questions and review the applicable privacy policies found on such other websites, services and applications to understand how your information may be collected and used on these independent sites before disclosing information to third parties.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and we encourage you to review it periodically. Your continued use of our Services signifies your acceptance of changes to this Privacy Policy.
In some cases, we may notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy with a prominent notice on our Services (for example by way of a notification or pop-up), before the changes become effective and update the "Effective Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
APPENDIX A: Analytics and Other Service Providers
We use your information to perform our own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties and other essential functions. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving the Services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations. In order to learn about how your information is used by our analytics service providers, you can follow the hyperlinks in the list below to each provider's privacy notice.
Appsflyer
Appsflyer is an analytics service provided by Appsflyer Ltd (Israel)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook Ads Conversion
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Facebook Analytics
Facebook Analytics is an analytics tool provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that may collect or receive information from our apps and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. (US)
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Tenjin
Tenjin is an analytics service provided by Tenjin Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy
YouTube API Services
YouTube API provides the ability to retrieve feeds related to videos, users, and playlists.
YouTube's Terms of Service:
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms/
Google Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy:
LAST UPDATED: February 25, 2025
Tenjin, Inc. is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. The first section of this document describes our practices in connection with information that we collect from our customers and potential customers through the websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”), and from users of the Websites (whether or not such users are our customers). The Websites include tenjin.io, tenjin.com, blog.tenjin.io, blog.tenjin.com, docs.tenjin.io, docs.tenjin.com, track.tenjin.io, track.tenjin.com, and dashboard.tenjin.com. The second section describes the information we collect in the course of providing services to our customers (the “Services”). If you are a Tenjin employee or contractor and want to learn how Tenjin uses your personal information, you can find that information in the “Tenjin Notice of Data Privacy for Employees” posted in Confluence.
European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act (the “UKDPA”)
Tenjin provides tools and services to mobile app developers so that they can track and analyze certain End User actions in the context of mobile marketing. Tenjin does not collect any data directly (except from the companies and people that sign up for Tenjin or request marketing info, which is described in the Website Privacy Policy below). With regard to Tenjin’s Services, under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the UK’s Data Protection Act (the “UKDPA”), Tenjin is a data processor. As a data processor, Tenjin processes, and may store, information sent by Tenjin customers from their mobile apps. Tenjin’s customers may send information about the End Users of their apps, and the users’ devices, to Tenjin for processing and storage. The mobile app developers must receive your consent in order for Tenjin to process, and perhaps store, your data. Tenjin recognizes your right of access under Section 15 of GDPR and Section 45 of UKDPA. If you are a user of a Tenjin customer’s mobile app, and you wish to exercise your right of access, you must contact the owner or operator of the mobile app (the data collector).
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) became law on January 1st, 2020 but enforcement begins six (6) months from the date the California Attorney General issues final regulations (which shall be no later than July 1st, 2020). With regard to Tenjin’s Services, under CCPA, Tenjin is a service provider. As a service provider, Tenjin processes, and may store, information sent by Tenjin customers from their mobile apps. Tenjin’s customers may send information about the End Users of their apps, and the users’ devices, to Tenjin for processing and storage. Tenjin customers must comply with the opt-out requirements under CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.120(a)) and take into account any exceptions or other requirements mandated by law. As a service provider, Tenjin relies on CCPA’s business purpose exemption under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(t)(2)(C) and as a service provider, Tenjin does not have any direct obligations to the End Users to obtain consent, provide opt-outs, or delete data. If you are a user of a Tenjin customer’s mobile app and you wish to opt-out or exercise another right under CCPA, you must contact the app publisher (the business).
The above applies to both Section 1 and Section 2 below.
SECTION 1: WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person. We collect Personal Information, such as name, organization name and email address, from our customers and potential customers when they provide it to us through the Services (such as by creating an Account), through the Website, or via email sent to a Tenjin email address.
How We May Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding our services and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
To provide you with customer service.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Personal Information May Be Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our affiliated and third-party service providers and consultants who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
OTHER INFORMATION
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as browser and device information; information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies; and aggregated information.
How We May Collect Other Information
We and our third party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device that you are using to access the Websites. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Websites, pages visited and other anonymous traffic data. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Websites. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with the Websites to, among other things, track the actions of users (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the Websites.
Using a third-party analytics provider: We use Google Analytics and Hubspot for our Website analytics. These providers use cookies and similar technologies to analyze how users use the Websites, compile statistical reports on Website activity, and provide other services related to the Websites. They may also collect information about Website visitors’ use of other websites. For more information about Google Analytics, including how to opt out, please go to:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. For more information on Hubspot’s privacy practices, please go to:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Websites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Websites.
By aggregating information: Aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Websites link. The inclusion of a link on the Websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
SECURITY
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect Personal Information and Other Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Data collected from your device is encrypted using SSL or other technologies. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
The Websites are controlled and operated by us from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Websites you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
MODIFYING INFORMATION
Customers can access and modify their billing address by emailing
privacy@tenjin.com
. If customers want to delete their own Customer Data or their Account from the Services, customers can contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
with a request. We will delete the Customer Data but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. If a customer ceases subscribing to the Services, please email
privacy@tenjin.com
and we’ll automatically delete the customer’s Account and take steps to delete that customer’s Customer Data from the Services.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Websites. Your use of the Websites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
.
SECTION 2: SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY
CUSTOMER DATA
Our customers are advertisers. On behalf of a customer, we receive data about its advertising campaign on a particular advertising network directly from that network. “Customer Data” means advertising campaign data or information made available to Tenjin or the Tenjin Platform by or on behalf of a customer or any Authorized User, or via a customer’s use of the Tenjin Platform. We format and otherwise process the Customer Data, to help our customer understand and analyze the effectiveness of and costs associated with its advertising campaigns across various advertising networks.
HOW WE COLLECT CUSTOMER DATA
We collect Customer Data through Tenjin’s software development kit (“Tenjin SDK”) that customers have a license to use. We may also collect Customer Data from our customers’ third party mobile marketing partners, to the extent that the customer has authorized us to do so.
HOW WE USE CUSTOMER DATA
We use Customer Data to provide the Services to the relevant customer. We may also use it to improve the Services and develop new products and services.
We do not share Customer Data with any customer other than the customer to which it relates, unless we have received the prior express written consent of the customer to do otherwise. Without consent, we may disclose Customer Data:
To our affiliated and third-party service providers; and To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
In addition, we may use or disclose Customer Data as we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Unless prohibited by applicable law or advertising network terms, we may aggregate Customer Data such that it is not reasonably identifiable with or to the customer to which it relates, or the customer’s end users (“Aggregate Data”). We may share Aggregate Data with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
HOW WE COLLECT AND PROCESS END USER DATA FOR CUSTOMERS
Customers may send information about individuals using their app (“End Users”) to Tenjin for processing and storage. This information may include Vendor ID (if available), IP address, Apple Search attribution (if enabled), Bundle ID, SDK Version, App Version, OS Version, Device Type, Device Model, Device Locale, Device Country, OS Platform, Limit Ad Tracking setting, and Advertising ID. Advertising IDs are user-specific, unique character strings that can be reset by the user and are used to track an End User’s device for advertising purposes. Examples include Google Ad ID and IDFA.
Tenjin customers must abide by all applicable laws and obtain all applicable consents before sending End User data to Tenjin. If you feel that your data has been collected by a Tenjin customer without your consent, please contact the Tenjin customer directly. If you would like to access, modify or delete your data collected by a Tenjin customer, please contact the Tenjin customer directly.
Tenjin also recognizes the Right to Erasure under Article 17 of GDPR. For erasure requests, since Tenjin is a data processor, please contact the Tenjin customer directly with your deletion request.
HOW WE PROCESS AND SECURE DATA
Tenjin is a SaaS company whose solutions are built on the AWS platform. Data is processed by Tenjin in secure locations operated by Amazon (AWS) in the United States.
Tenjin uses appropriate and reasonable measures to protect data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, while taking into account any inherent risks and the nature of the data. Additional details on AWS security certifications and procedures can be found here:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/Security/AWS_Security_Whitepaper.pdf
.
QUESTIONS
Please contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or Tenjin’s compliance with GDPR or CCPA. Please email
privacy@tenjin.com
if you would like to contact Tenjin’s Data Protection Officer (DPO), or EU representative under GDPR Article 27.
100 Million Downloads! How XGame Studio Achieved Global Success with Tenjin and Xiaomi’s GetApps
In this case study, we take you through how XGame Studio, a leading mobile game publisher based in Hong Kong, achieved Global success using Tenjin and Xiaomi’s GetApps.  Here’s a glimpse of the impressive results they were able to achieve with the help of Tenjin and GetApps, Xiaomi’s app store: – ≈ 20% boost in…
Tenjin Joins Meta’s Mobile Measurement Partner (MMP) Program
We’re thrilled to announce that Tenjin has officially joined  Meta’s Mobile Measurement Partners (MMP) program, a significant milestone in our 10-year journey of empowering mobile publishers.  What Does Meta’s MMP Status Mean for You? As an official MMP, Tenjin is now recognized as an official partner for mobile app attribution and analytics. This means Tenjin…
The State of Mobile Gaming in Brazil 2025: Data, Trends, and Market Analysis
In this post, we delve into the latest data, trends, and insights that showcase the state of mobile gaming in Brazil in 2025.  Drawing from exclusive industry reports, and insights from a leading local expert, we’ll explore the factors driving this remarkable growth, and the unique characteristics of the Brazilian gaming market. The State of…
TikTok Advanced Dedicated Campaigns are now available for Tenjin users
Advanced Dedicated Campaigns (ADC) are now available for Tenjin customers on TikTok for Business. ADC enhances your ability to optimize iOS campaigns on TikTok, providing improved performance and advanced reporting features. What is ADC? ADC is a campaign type offered by TikTok that enables advertisers to maximize their performance on iOS devices. With advanced optimization…
×
We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the
privacy policy
and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept