PRIVACY POLICY
選擇語言
选择语言
言語を選ぶ
Change Language
Please Select
繁體中文
简体中文
日本語
ENGLISH
Last Updated：2024 / 6 / 6
X-Legend Entertainment and/or its affiliates (“X-Legend Entertainment” “we” or “us”) respect the privacy of everyone that uses our websites, games, and various related services. This privacy policy is designed to inform you about the type of information that we gather about you, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of that information.
You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of our Terms of Service (or User Agreement). Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Service (the “User Agreement”) (or “Agreement”).
1. What Information We Need And How We Use It
Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that let us know the specifics of who you are. When you engage in certain activities in the Website or Services, such as registering a user account, downloading and installing Application(s), playing Game(s), purchasing Virtual Money or Virtual Goods, sending and/or posting a user Content, or sending us feedback, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask for providing us personal information. Such information may include your first and last name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card or other payment information.
Usage Information
We collect details of your use of our Services and the resources that you access. Such usage information include information about how and when you access or use our Services which includes identity verification, member management, member data changes and confirmation, providing the Company's services, communication of information, activity notifications, prize notifications and distributions, violation investigations, game regulations notifications, game announcements, member analysis, consumption analysis, data analysis, marketing promotions.
Interaction And Communications among Users
We collect information about (a) your interaction with other users (for example, invite, gift, sharing of your rank or level, screen-shots, etc.) and (b) your communications and interactions with your contacts through social media channels (including, social network services, messengers, and any other services which has social features like invite friends and sharing information with friends).
Technical Information
We collect general technical data pertaining to you (such as information about the device you use to access our Services, IP address, operating system, browser type, Used device and device serial number and other system information, Device identifier, Locale).
User Communication With X-Legend Entertainment
If you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence.Members agree that the Company may use the personal data provided by the members for the purposes and scope specified in Usage Information" and Interaction And Communications among Users of this Policy, through appropriate and technologically feasible methods (including but not limited to manual, automated calculation, AI, paper, electronic files, cloud processing, etc.).
Public Posting / Shared Content
Some of Games can post, share, communicate with, or otherwise transmit content publicly, such as by participating in player forums, message boards, news feeds, status updates, sending messages or invitations to other users, chatting with other users, and/or posting photo (collectively, “Public Postings”). We may collect and store archives of such Public Postings on X-Legend Entertainment servers, and all Public Postings are subject to this Privacy Policy. Such public posting or shared content will be visible to anyone who has access to our Services and may also be viewable outside of our Websites or Services. You should exercise caution in all public postings, as it may result in the disclosure of private information, for which X-Legend Entertainment is not responsible.
Information For Third Party Social Networks Or Platforms
You may allow our Services to interact with a third party social network and platform, which will provide data about you to us. If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook/ Google Play or Twitter, we may collect personal information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, and photograph. You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us.The term "member" referred to in this Policy includes those who complete the membership registration process through the Company's website or online game services provided by the Company, as well as those who complete the membership registration process through quick login methods via third-party social platforms (including but not limited to Facebook, LINE, Google, etc.).
Payment
When you purchase any products or services, such as Virtual Money or Virtual Goods, through our Services (which called “In-app-purchase”), we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers. To provide better membership services, the Company will understand the usage needs, preferences, and feedback of members by collecting and analyzing the frequency of using game services, usage preferences, activity patterns, consumption patterns, advertisement preferences, and feedback data. This serves as a reference for the Company to optimize and improve game content, advertisement placement, marketing, and related services. When you purchase our products or services through third party platforms (including without limitation, such as Apple App Store, Google Play Store), you will be required to provide certain payment and billing information directly to such third party platforms, and we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
Friends Matching
If you log-in the Services, we may, upon your request, periodically access your contact list and/or address book on your mobile device in order to help you find any friends who may also have our Services. We will use such contact information solely for such a friends-matching service, and we will not store such information after fulfilling this purpose.
Telephone Number / Technical & Usage Information
When you access and/or use the Services, we may collect your telephone number as well as your technical and usage information through automated means.To ensure the security of members' personal data, the Company will adopt appropriate technical security measures (including but not limited to masking, encryption, or HASH) to de-identify data when placing advertisements. The results of de-identification will prevent outsourced partners from identifying or reversely restoring any personal data of members.
Customer Support Correspondence
When you ask our customer support team for assistance, we may collect and store from you the contact information as well as your payment information regarding the purchase of Virtual Goods of the Games to the extent reasonably necessary to provide customer support.
2. About Cookies
For better personal service, X-Legend Entertainment may use cookies to save certain information and track data. This site uses cookies to track the number of visitors to the site, as well as their current web browser. This information is collected for market analysis purposes only. Cookies also serve as a third-party user: when ad agencies place ads on the site, the market analysis, information and other data they collect comes from cookies, and not directly from you.
3. Data Sharing
X-Legend Entertainment will never sell your personal information to any other individual or organization. X-Legend Entertainment will adhere to this Privacy Policy when sharing certain information with third-party users, except in the following situations.
To provide you with better service, when we are required to share your information or other data in order to provide you with certain services or benefits (such as a special event, giveaway or in-game competition), these services or benefits will be explained in the News section of our website. You have the choice to decide whether or not to accept these services.
Judicial requirements; or when we find that your behavior on our site or game is illegal. For public safety, we will cooperate with the respective agent of law by providing them with whatever information they require.
4. How do we protect your data
Security Safeguards: In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention: We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data. Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
5. Links
If you follow links or ads on our site that link to other websites, please be sure that you are familiar with their own privacy policies; our privacy policy does not apply to any external sites.
6. YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
With players' approval, we will collect the player’s email addresses from the registration action or marketing events and use the email information to send the marketing campaign or game update information.
You have rights to opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing: You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising: You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest-based ads" (Android). For personalized in-game offers opt-out, you can use the options provided in the game settings.
Access the personal data we hold about you: If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights: You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.
Please keep your account and password private and do not give such information to anyone else. If you are using a shared computer, log out and close out of all game windows to protect your personal information.
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the bug report system so we can reply to you more quickly or through email: info@x-legend.com.tw
7. Changes To This Privacy Policy
X-Legend Entertainment reserves the right to change or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, as well as make any additions to it, which will be announced and made effective by posting the amended version in our Game or websites.
8. YOU CONSENT TO THESE TERMS ELECTRONICALLY, AND TO THE STORAGE OF RECORDS RELATED TO THESE TERMS IN ELECTRONIC FORM.
X-LEGEND ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. registered Location: 7F, NO.288, Sec. 6, Civic Blvd., Xinyi Dist., Taipei City 110, Taiwan (R.O.C.). Date of Incorporation:  2002 / 1 / 9
©
2025 X-LEGEND ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. All RIGHTS RESERVED.