亚玲查’s Apps
PRIVACY POLICY
Update date: March 4th , 2021
It is our priority to esure the safety and privacy of our users (“user” or “you”), we will do our best to protect your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you access our mobile application (the “Application”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APPLICATION.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you install the Application or make payments, including any in-game virtual items, which may also collect and use data about you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We may collect a small amount of necessary information about your usage in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the App depends on the content and materials you use, and includes:
Personal Data
We do not actively collect personal data unless you explicitly authorize it when we ask permission in the App. Personal data can include: name, postal address, telephone number or email address. We can also receive information about your interest in and use of various products, programs, services, and content available. Such personal data will only be collected when: (a) you voluntarily provide us with the information; and (b) the information is needed for us to deliver the service you have requested. Your prior consent is necessary if we are to use such data in actions not mentioned above.
Non-personal Information
We may collect information about you which can include: usage information, device information, website information, IP addresses, ads you see, ads you click on and interact with, preferences, and information collected by cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and pixels. These data will not be traced to certain individuals, only be used as statistical information, which can help us improve the app or help better display ads.
Users
Metadata
We may upload, collect or save necessary users’ meta data when you voluntarily provide with, including users generating photos, videos or data from third-party SDK. We currently use Facebook & Instagram SDK to help users arrange and publish their contents on their devices. And we will upload data to the server for AUTO PUBLISHING POSTS to Instagram. We take all reasonable steps to protect personal information under our control from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. And we guarantee that we will delete the data from the server after AUTO PUBLISHING POSTS . If it fails to finish AUTO PUBLISHING POSTS, we will also delete the data after expiration time. While we take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is protected from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, modification or disclosure, security measures over the internet can never be guaranteed.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share information about you in the following ways:
Providing you with the Service: We use the information that you provide us to provide the Service to you.
Improve Our Service: We use the information to help us improve the Service and our users’ experience, including by monitoring aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.
Third-party Partners: We share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may share the information with their own third party business partners and use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to: 1) operate and improve their services; 2) Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them.
Compliance with Law: To the extent permitted under applicable law, we may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we believe is necessary or appropriate to investigate, respond to, and defend against claims, for legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of us or a third party, to protect us against liability, for the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, fraudulent, abusive, or legally actionable activity, to protect the security or integrity of the Service and any equipment used to make the Service available, or to comply with the law.
Business Transfers: We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
Precautions are taken by us – including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to safeguard your Personal Information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. We do not guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please email us at:
seawardhyacinth@aliyun.com