Privacy Policy
Slots Royale: 777 Vegas Casino (“we”, “us”, “Slots Royale” or “our game”) is committed to protect the privacy of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy is aimed to inform you about how we collect, store and use the information you provide when registering our game (“Service”).
Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to information collected by us through your use of Slots Royale. By using the Service, you consent to our collection, usage and storage of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change these terms from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of Slots Royale will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to this Privacy Policy. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.
Information Collected and Used
Our primary objective in collecting user information is to render the good service, fulfill your requirement, and resolve your issues. Please rest assured that any information you provide is well protected according to this Privacy Policy.
When you register Slots Royale, we may collect and record the information you provide to us, whether through the game or through social network or other third party services (“Account Information”).
The type of information may include:
(1) Your Name, Gender, Profile Picture, Email Address;
(2) Third party (such as Facebook, Apple or Google) user identification number and your public friend list;
(3) Your physical location and that of the devices you use to access our service;
(4) Technical information typically through the use of server log files, and mobile device software development kits.
We may acquire information from you through:
(1) Your access and participation in message boards on the Service;
(2) Your email of a question to our customer support;
(3) Your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, we do not have access to your credit card details and billing information.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties. We may use it, but not limited to in the following ways: to create your account and ensure safe smooth gameplay; to allow user-to-user communication; to provide technical support and respond to user inquires; to receive feedback to improve our game and customize user experience.
In addition, we may send push notification to you with your consent to inform you the game updates, promotions, and other relevant messages. You can choose to opt out of it in the settings of your device.
Children Policy
Slots Royale is intended for adult audience for entertainment purpose only. The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Children under the age of 18 should not use our service at any time. If we learn that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your Facebook profile page. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated. In the event you do not wish that we use your Information for any of the purposes specified in the Privacy Policy, you may close your account by uninstalling our application. If you would like to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record. Note that there may be instances where we are legally required to retain your information.
Consent to Use of Your Information and Cookies
All users of the Service consent to the use of Information for the purpose stated in this Privacy Policy. We will strictly restrict the access to your personal information to either our staffs or cooperators.
Cookies are small pieces of information websites store on your computer. Cookies only contain bits of text, not anything else. The text can be a user ID, session ID, or any other text. Please note that the cookies assigned by our server may be used to personalize your experience, or for the use of authentication, game management, data analysis and security purposes. In addition, when you click on the advertisements on Slots Royale, the advertisers may use cookies. Under this condition, the cookies are controlled by the advertisers not us.
Security
We ensure the information you share with us is under full protection and we will not reveal to any other parties without your consent. We take appropriate precautions to protect our users’ information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as your password), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). 
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums. You are fully responsible for the information you submit under these circumstances.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or need any help from us, please do not hesitate to contact us. You can find us via in-game settings-->support or email us directly via support@banyanstar.com.