Last updated:
January 8
th
, 2025
Copyright
© 2017 – 2025 Mark Meldrum, Ph.D. All Rights Reserved
Refunds
Due to the immediate availability of content, we have adopted a strict
no refund policy
for ALL purchases made on the site.
Upon completing the transaction, the Candidate acknowledges that the purchase is not eligible to be refunded or credited.
Candidates may be awarded an account credit depending on the nature of the purchase and the access to the content before the credit is issued. All credits are to be used for on-site purchases and are non-refundable.
The Account
The account is the sole responsibility of the Candidate upon subscription purchase
–
package requirements, deadlines, and all policies and procedures will be enforced under the assumption of the Candidate having agreed to reading these Terms & Conditions before committing to the package purchase.
All communication
to the Candidate will be primarily based
directly on the website:
–
pop-up windows, in-mail messages, banners, MY ACCOUNT page etc. will be used for notices, announcements, etc.
Whenever possible
markmeldrum.com
will send additional messages to the personal email used when registering for the account; however, the emails sent outside of the site are NOT to be relied on as the sole communication, due to our inability to control outside filtering and email blocking.
Each account must have an
Individual’s
name and address attached to it.
the individual named on the account will further be referred to as the
Candidate
the Candidate is the ONLY individual permitted to access the account and its contents.
Accounts with Company names will not be accepted.
-> any account verification, upgrades or credits require documentation to be provided (outlined below); the name on the documentation and the Candidate/Account Holder’s name MUST match to be accepted
Outside from the uses outlined in these terms, course material (or other content on this site) may
NOT
be reproduced for any purposes.
The following are STRICTLY PROHIBITED
and may result in being reported to the CFA Institute Professional Conduct Program in addition to having the account permanently shut down:
account sharing (for current, active and/or Archived material)
-> this includes – but is NOT limited to – study groups, a company account being shared (and/or materials distributed) between multiple employees, etc.
accounts set up in fake or synonym names/identities
content distribution in any form
the resale of account access, learning products and/or support materials
demonstration of the intent to share/sell account access/materials/etc.
demonstration of the intent to purchase account access/materials outside of the official website
creation of alternative access that is otherwise NOT already available (downloading of videos, PDFs of mocks and/or Q-Banks, etc)
Security measures have been enabled to allow the tracing and tracking of those that choose to ignore this policy. If your pattern of usage shows this type of activity, your account will be locked and remain locked until you can demonstrate that you are a CFA candidate by completing the Two-Factor Authentication for your account. Refunds will not be granted.
Proceeding to purchase the
subscription
is acknowledgement that you have read and understood this message.
Two-Factor Authentication
We have added two-factor authentication in order to increase security for all candidate accounts.
Candidates can upload a copy of a previous exam attempt’s results OR a screenshot of your CFAI account (complete with your name, CFA number and email address) and the system will add the CFA number to your account.
** The results PDF will need to be the original copy as the system scans for authenticity; screen shots are not accepted for this file.
We use third party software to ensure account security. The use of VPNs etc. will trigger the software, activating the security measure and shutting out the use of the account.
The Candidate acknowledges the use of a VPN being at their own risk.  While our team will work to help restore the access where applicable, MM.com does not guarantee regular response times to do so. The Candidate further acknowledges that if the account has been locked due to the use of a VPN, any access delay will be the sole responsibility of the Candidate.
Account Passwords
The Candidate is solely responsible for both maintaining their password in addition to the protection of any and all aspects of the account and its contents.
The Candidate will be held accountable should the Account be compromised.
An account flagged for distribution, account sharing or pooling activities, will face immediate shut down.
ABSOLUTELY NO REFUNDS will be issued should an account be shut down due to prohibited activities. Furthermore, the continued/future access to the
markmeldrum.com
website for the Candidate will be placed under review and may result in being permanently revoked.
User Content/Candidate Site Conduct
The Candidate agrees to not infringing on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright etc. of any content submitted by them through the site; this includes, but is not limited to: comments, photos, etc.
The Candidate also takes full responsibility for any content submitted by them to ensure that it is not in an offensive nature.
Further, all Candidates acknowledge that
markmeldrum.com
reserves the right to remove any and all accounts that create or participate in disruptive, dangerous or otherwise disrespectful behavior within their participation on the site or with the team members.
This includes, but is not limited to:
disrespect for
markmeldrum.com
faculty or other participating candidates,
those that have engaged in academic misconduct (cheating, etc.)
those that have been identified as violating the CFA Codes and Standards
… these actions will result in the immediate termination of the account resulting in the Candidate’s access permanently revoked, and a forfeit of any further time remaining on their subscription with no refund.
markmeldrum.com
reserves the right to refuse the sale/continuation of its services and/or products if it is established that the requirements of the candidate be outside that of which is available for the markmeldrum.com team to provide. The Candidate will be invited to find another provider to better suit their needs and the account will be permanently shut down. Candidates will be notified by email of the account removal.
Exam Cancellations/Deferments
For candidates that had/have a 2020/2021/2022 package subscription:
If the CFAI announced an official deferment/cancellation by listing a testing location on their website, the candidate’s current package can be deferred to a new exam date (within the same season) – at no cost
**
.
The following will be required to be provided in order to complete the deferment:
the Prometric cancellation confirmation (Indicating the testing center was scheduled for the now confirmed cancelled location)
AND
the registration receipt for the new exam date
… if the testing location is not officially listed on the CFAI website, the package then falls under the regular extension fee as indicated below.
**
the deferment MUST be completed BEFORE the current package expires to avoid a fee associated with the package extension.
**
deferments are ONLY valid when moving the examination window within the same season
(example: 2022 -> 2022, NOT 2021 -> 2022)
Packages/Site Content
markmeldrum.com
reserves the right to make modifications to the learning content & delivery platform at any time and without prior knowledge to the Candidate.
This includes, but is not limited to: pricing, packages, videos, PDF’s, question banks, mock exams, addition/removal of content, addition/removal of features, onsite security etc.
CFA packages are intended for CFA candidates. The Account Holder/Candidate agrees that they may be required to provide verification of their CFAI candidacy, as well as their registration for an upcoming exam.
– Required documents for this verification will include the past exam results PDF (complete with the Candidate’s name and CFA number) or a screen shot of their CFAI profile page (complete with name, email and CFA number)
– altered documents will NOT be accepted.
– documents MUST verify the same name and address as what the MM.com account is registered for; fake name accounts are not permitted and will result in the requirement of the true account being set up and the repurchase of the package subscription.
… account credits and OFTP extensions will NOT be rolled over from one account to another if a fake name is used.
Tutoring/Academic Guidance Sessions
Tutoring/Counselling sessions are confirmed at the time of payment; dates and times are selected from the availability of the mentor and are set once the transaction is confirmed.
**
The purchase of a mentoring session is reserved for MM candidates ONLY at this time.
Once payment is confirmed, the mentor will contact the Candidate through our in-mail system directly on the site, so as to remove any possible filtering of emails and ensure communication is received.
… failure to complete payment for the selected session will result in the request closing automatically after 24 hours. Candidates are welcome to fill out another request for a new session.
Once a session is scheduled with a mentor, it is confirmed
.
Confirmed sessions can be cancelled/rescheduled
WITH THE MENTOR DIRECTLY
up to 24 hours BEFORE the scheduled session.
– Cancellations WITHIN 24 hours will count as completed session and are no longer available for rescheduling.
** Missed sessions will count as a completed session; if a candidate wishes to reschedule a new request form and payment will be required
.
For Tutoring session only:
– The session can be shared, with up to three (3) candidates (the purchasing candidate and two others).
– The session is billed on ONE (1) account only – this is the account of the candidate completing the request form.
– The session is focused on ONE (1) section of the curriculum ONLY (example: Ethics, NOT Ethics & Quant)
… if there are multiple areas candidates would like help in, each section would be considered its own session.
PRE-PURCHASED MENTOR SESSIONS
:
Pre-purchased tutoring credits are NOT guaranteed scheduled sessions with a mentor … candidates MUST complete the scheduling process as outlined on the site; upon checkout candidates will then have the option to apply their pre-purchased credit to reduce the balance owing for the session.
Examination Dates & Package Extensions
Candidates must choose their examination date when purchasing their package – the date chosen should accurately reflect the exam window they are registered/intending to register for.
Packages are NOT interchangeable
.
– packages are not able to be purchased for one Level and then reverted to another
(example: purchasing a Level II package and then have it reverted to a Level I package)
– seasonal packages are NOT deferred from one year to another without an upgrade charge, unless qualifying for the OFTP
(example: purchasing a 2021 package and then wanting it upgraded to 2022)
**
please refer to package extension below for the upgrade price
Once record of access to the account, and/or its contents, is demonstrated, the Candidate acknowledges that the purchase is confirmed and the package now falls under the specifics for extending/upgrading.
Content – particularly the mock exams – will be released according to the examination windows for each Level, so it is imperative that the correct examination date is selected, or the contingent material will not be available to the candidate in time for study use.
**
The multiple date choices are NOT to be used as a failsafe from an unsuccessful examination attempt
.
For packages purchased for 2022 or earlier ONLY
:
Accounts cannot be changed to a previous examination window.
… If a candidate purchases a package for August, but is registered for February, the account cannot be back dated, and the candidate will lose the ability to access pertinent content and features pertaining to the examination window they are registered for.
The Full Access Package
Full Access package extensions are available for those that have
not yet written the exam
.
Full Access package extensions are provided (at no cost) based on the following:
packages are only extended with the submission of the registration receipt for the new examination
Extend within the same season & missed the Deferment deadline
2023 and 2024 packages include deferment coverage; 2021 & 2022 OFTP packages do not include deferments
Candidates that have purchased packages that do not qualify for the OFTP coverage, can extend to an exam window within the same season
with a fee of $75.00 … this is completed automatically on the MY ACCOUNT page with the following notations:
the extension is for the same content season (2022 exam window to a new 2022 exam window; NOT 2021 to 2022)
the registration receipt for the new examination window will be required for the extension fee to be activated.
extensions are only available if the package to which a candidate is extending to is active;
(ex: extend expired May package to November ONLY if November package is still active)
Upgrade into the next season
2023 and 2024 packages include deferment coverage; 2021 & 2022 OFTP packages do not include deferments
Candidates that have purchased packages that
do not qualify for the OFTP coverage
, can upgrade to
another content season
for a credited package price (upgrade fee) … this is completed automatically on the MY ACCOUNT page with the following notations:
the upgrade fee is predetermined by MM.com and is based on the amount of changes between the seasons’ content
the upgrade is for the immediate season following their last purchased package subscription
(2021 to 2022; NOT 2021 to 2023)
the new exam registration receipt MUST be provided for the credited pricing to be generated
(the original PDF as provided by the CFAI)
ANY credited pricing is ONLY available at the time of the new package’s initial upgrade purchase; it is NOT available as a refund or credit after purchase.
upgrades are only available if the package to which a candidate is upgrading to is active;
(ex: upgrade expired May 2022 package to 2023 November ONLY if 2023 November package is still active)
The Section Subscriptions
2023 and 2024 sections are covered by the OFTP; 2021 & 2022 OFTP packages do not include deferments
2022 Section subscription extensions are available – at no cost – based on the following:
with the submission of the registration receipt for the new exam date (the original PDF as provided by the CFAI)
AND
the extension is completed BEFORE the section expires under the current examination window.
** Extensions are ONLY available for the same year; they do not roll into the next year’s packages
(ex: 2021 -> 2021; NOT 2021 -> 2022)
ANY credited pricing is ONLY available at the time of the new package’s initial upgrade purchase; it is NOT available as a refund or credit after purchase.
extensions are only available if the package to which a candidate is extending to is active;
(ex: extend expired May package to November ONLY if November package is still active)
Missed the Deferment deadline
2023 and 2024 sections are covered by the OFTP; 2021 & 2022 OFTP packages do not include deferments
Candidates with expired sections and
do not qualify for the OFTP coverage
, can have their expired sections credited towards the upgrade purchase of a Full Access package subscription for their next exam window – (sections will not be credited individually) with the following requirements:
the submission of the registration receipt for the new exam date (the original PDF as provided by the CFAI)
100% of the section price will be credited towards a Full Package purchase
within the same content season (2022-2022)
50% of the section price will be credited towards a Full Package purchase for
another content season
(2022-2023)
** credited pricing options are ONLY available for the immediate season following their last purchased package subscription (2022 to 2023; NOT 2021 to 2023)
ANY credited pricing is ONLY available at the time of the new package’s initial upgrade purchase; it is NOT available as a refund or credit after purchase.
extensions are only available if the package to which a candidate is upgrading to is active;
(ex: extend expired May package to November ONLY if November package is still active)
2025 Packages
2025 package extensions are available for those that have the Level 1 “Instructor-Led” packages.
Candidates will receive updated content until the Level 1 exam is passed with any “Instructor-Led” package.  “Instructor-Led” package extensions are provided (at no cost) based on the following:
packages are only extended with the submission of the registration receipt for the new examination
2025 Package Extensions
Any candidate who purchases a package may buy a one-time extension for that package. The fee for the one-time package extension is $100.
Extensions are permitted only
once
per purchased package.
The extension is only valid for
one year
, from the original exam period. (eg. If your original exam period is August 2025, you can only extend to August 2026).
No additional extension purchases are allowed for the purchased package beyond this
one-time extension. No exceptions.
If one-time extension is used, you will be required to repurchase the package for the
price listed
online for the selected exam period.
Candidates are encouraged to carefully consider their timelines before requesting an extension, as this policy is
strictly enforced.
Only 2025 Level 1 Instructor Led Sessions are the exception. Those packages come with the One-Fee-to-Pass Guarantee.
Pre-Purchased Package Subscriptions
Candidates purchase content for an unregistered exam Level at their own risk and in full knowledge that they may incur an additional charge if the content is required to be accessed/extended outside of the season it is intended.
For packages purchased for the 2022 exam sittings or earlier
:
Content purchased for one season does NOT automatically defer into the next season; this is true even if a candidate cannot write the exam (including deferments/cancellations made by the CFAI)
** (ex: pre-purchasing Level II content BEFORE being able to register for the Level II exam).
ONE-FEE-TO-PASS
(OFTP)
All MarkMeldrum.com
paid
subscriptions, from 2021 through 2024, receive the One-Fee-to-Pass coverage.
This feature provides candidates with the assurance that, should they be unsuccessful in their Level’s exam attempt, the package for that same Level will be extended to the candidate’s next exam date WITHOUT FURTHER CHARGE. An unsuccessful attempt is recognized as sitting for the exam and NOT receiving a passing result.
The requirements for the package to be extended.
** for candidates that have a 2021 or 2022 package
– The candidate MUST PROVIDE BOTH
:
the exam results for the exam window their MM account subscription is registered for
(example: registered for the May exam window = results for the May exam dates when released)
– the original PDF as provided by the CFAI, that provides the breakdown & scoring for each section
The results of the taken exam are MANDATORY
.
AND
the registration receipt for the new examination window is submitted
– the original PDF as provided by the CFAI, indicating the new exam window the candidate is registered for
IF the candidate does not sit/write the 2021/2022 exam for which their account is registered for, they DO NOT qualify to have their package extended and the candidate would be required to apply for an account extension (as outlined below) should they choose to do so.
** for candidates that have a 2023 or 2024 package
– The candidate MUST PROVIDE
:
ONLY the registration receipt for the new examination window is submitted
– the original PDF as provided by the CFAI, indicating the new exam window the candidate is registered for
(** for packages purchased in 2023, the exam results is NO LONGER required for the OFTP extension due to the price increase taking the deferral movements into consideration)
** for candidates that have a 2025 package
– The candidate MUST PROVIDE
:
The registration receipt for the new examination window is submitted
– the original PDF as provided by the CFAI, indicating the new exam window the candidate is registered for
Pay the fee online (if applicable)
Documents WILL NOT be accepted if they are edited or modified in any way.
… once completed, the OFTP will reset to THAT exam date and the requirements to move the package will be based on the NEW exam date.
Candidates purchase content for an unregistered exam Level at their own risk and in full knowledge that:
– the package is NOT covered by the OFTP
– the candidate will incur an additional charge if the content is required to be accessed/extended outside of the exam window it was originally purchased for.
… these packages would be subject to an extension fee (outlined below) as candidates would be UNABLE to provide the required documentation (exam results) for that package, not having completed the previous Level.
-> ANY credited pricing is ONLY available at the time of the new package’s initial upgrade purchase; it is NOT available as a refund or credit after purchase.
**
Please note
that this is different from the previously offered One-Fee-To-COMPLETION package, which covered all three levels and is
no longer available
.
The One-Fee-To-Pass covers each package independently.
– purchasing the Level I package, candidates WILL NOT receive automatic access to the Level II package.
The Archive
Archives populate for candidates for three (3) years (based on the indicated package date) at which time the content is too far removed to be of any further help given the yearly changes to the material by the CFAI.
This feature is a video library of the reading videos pertaining to that year’s CFA material and is intended for reference as candidates continue their pursuit of the CFA Charter.
Additional Archive details/conditions/requirements:
section purchases DO NOT Archive; only the Full Access package purchases will be converted into an Archive
for the 2018 & 2019 years, section archives were allowed. These section Archives will expire as of June 1
st
, 2021 and June 1
st
, 2022 respectively.
ONLY the reading videos are included in the Archive; PDF notes, seminar videos, review videos, mock exams, quiz builder, etc. are considered additional features and are not included.
The Archive content DOES NOT update from year-to-year.
As of January 2022, the Archive will ONLY be available within the APP
… onsite access will switch to candidates being able to access the Archive within the APP exclusively and for only ONE (1) device (the primary registered one)
The Archive will populate in a candidate’s account within two (2) weeks of the expiry date of the purchased package.
The Archive remains in the candidate’s account only once they have demonstrated they have completed that level
if a candidate purchases a new package at the same Level, the previous year’s Archive for that same Level is removed and only access to the current content is provided (example: 2020 Level I Archive is removed if the 2022 Level I package is purchased)
For Level III packages: candidates will ONLY have access to a Level III archive while they are awaiting the results for the current package’s exam window.
-> Once the results are released, the Archives are removed as it is assumed that the candidate has passed and
ALL
Archive access (for all Levels) is thus removed, unless the package is extended through the OFTP and the active subscription is restored.
Once an Archive is more than three (3) years removed from current content, the Archive will dissolve for that season
(example: 2018 archives will no longer be available for access at the end of the 2021 CFAI season)
OFTC Package
The One-Fee to Completion
subscription receives all associated access specific to the current level of the Full Access Subscription for each respective Level as outlined on
markmeldrum.com
and is subject to change based on access changes made to the Full Access Subscription.
Additional OFTC package details/conditions/requirements:
Accounts must be upgraded to the new content each season in order to access the features; the system will provide a prompt upon login to filter candidates into the upgrading process
To upgrade from one Level to the next
Candidates will be required to upload their
exam results PDF
* to release the next Level’s content; the system is fully automated to read the official CFAI PDF’s provided to each candidate and MUST match to their account information.
The documents WILL NOT be accepted if they are edited or modified in any way.
The account upgrade is completed through the link provided on the MY ACCOUNT page.
To extend the current Level from one exam date to another
Candidate will be required to upload the
registration receipt
* for the new/upcoming exam.
The documents WILL NOT be accepted if they are edited or modified in any way.
The account upgrade is completed through the link provided on the MY ACCOUNT page.
To extend the current Level without documentation
Candidates are provided with one (1) update “PASS” for each Level; this grants the Candidate one (1) update of content,
within the current Level
, without having to provide the required documents as listed above.
– The one (1) pass for each Level
cannot
be rolled over if not used within a previous Level
– The use of the PASS can only be initiated AFTER the results to the examination period have been released
– The use of the PASS CANNOT be used to upgrade to a new Level
No documentation and already used The PASS
If Candidates do not have the registration receipt to defer their current package to a new exam date, and has already utilized their one PASS, the account will remain in pending status until the documentation can be provided.
– Candidates will have use of the Archive for the previous year’s content, but the additional features of an active subscription (ex: quizzes, review videos, seminars, mock exams, etc) will not be available until the proper documentation to upgrade is provided.
Additional OFTC package info:
Once updated, the content CANNOT be reverted back to a previous Level (ie. if updated to Level II and candidate has failed, content CANNOT be reverted back to Level I)
OFTC candidates will have continuous access to the current package content until the CFAI releases the results for that examination period, upon which the successfully completed Level’s content will archive.
Candidates are NOT entitled to a refund of the difference between the price of the independent Level packages and the OFTC package price should they pass all included levels on the first attempt; this difference is the insurance against the repurchasing of the full package and is forfeited.
OFTC accounts that lay dormant due to inactivity for six (6) years will be considered expired and will no longer be available for further access or upgrades.
if a candidate returns to the account after the 6-year expiration, they will incur a reactivation fee to regain access.
In case of liquidation or any other instances where services are cancelled by the provider, the OFTC candidate will receive a refund of the package price for the unused Level portion of the OFTC package
– package prices are based on the Full Access packages at the time of the OFTC purchase;
– the insurance cost associated with the OFTC package is forfeited and not eligible for refund.
markmeldrum.com
reserves the right to update the Terms & Conditions for the site as deemed necessary for site improvements and content security. Any changes will become effective immediately after posting the updates to this page.
– It is the responsibility of the Candidate to review the Terms & Conditions periodically to ensure that they are aware of the changes.
– If changes are implemented, the “Last Updated” date change to the date of the modification.
Account Credits
Account Credits on individual accounts can be used for future purchases on the site.
Credits are non-refundable.
Any available credit will be visible on the My Account page.
Account credits – if applicable – will populate for the Candidate upon checkout; Candidates will be required to choose to have the credit added to the order in order for it to be applied.
Account credits cannot be used in part; the entire credit will be applied at checkout, unless the credit amount surpasses the order amount, upon which the difference will go back on to the Candidate’s account.
*At no time is any of the requested Candidate information shared on the site nor with outside third-parties, it is strictly for account security.
Questions? Email
support@markmeldrum.com
for assistance.