Privacy Policy
----Everything We Do Is Striving For Your Best Experience.
This Privacy Policy describes how App Icon treats information that it collects and receives related to your use of App Icon's products, services, and websites. Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide and improve our products and services.
General
1. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all products/software, services and websites of App Icon. (App Icon, "our", "we" or "us") (collectively, the "Services"). You ("you" or "your") consent to this Privacy Policy for collecting, using, disclosing and handling of your information (personal and device information) in connection with your access to, and use of, the Services.
2. App Icon provides "Free" Services as well as paid Services for users. In order to pay for the "Free" Service, personalized advertisements are placed before you. Your information is used to personalize the advertisements.
3. The Services are not intended for use by anyone who is not able to enter into a legally binding contract. In any event, if you under 13 years old or if you are not able to legally form binding contracts, you may not use any of the Services or submit information about yourself to Us. If you have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of the Services. .
4. App Icon reserves the right to modify these policies at any time. We invite you to periodically consult this section for possible updates and changes. Notification of any major changes may be sent to you by email or a system message to your account.
5. If you wish to contact our Privacy Officer, you may contact with Email: iosmobilecontact@gmail.com.
Acceptance
Please read the policy carefully before you use or access our Services. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree with our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in the following sections. Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you must not use the Service.
What Information do We Collect?
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, share, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
1. Personal Information: When you sign up for a user account for any of the Services, We collect personal information, such as your phone number. When you sign up for paid service, we also collect your payment information for billing purposes.
2. Device Information: When you access our website or use our software, the information we collect include IP Addresses, location data, Device ID, Advertiser ID, browser type and settings, device type and settings, and operating system (such as iOS and Android).
3. Third Party Applications or Services: We may collect information about you or others from third party applications or services available on our Service. For example, when you register for an account with us, you may do so by choosing to connect your already existing social media account with our Service (e.g., Facebook, Google+, etc.). We receive certain information from your social media account depending on your permissions and which information you have made public. We use this information to make an account for you on our Service.
Get your calendar and clock
Get the calendar and clock so that the widget can display the date and time
Get permission for your album
You can freely choose the picture you like to decorate your widget background
Get permission to send you notifications
Security
We implement industry standard security measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Service and you do so at your own risk.
Transfers of Your Information
If you choose to use the Service or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, including the United States. Such countries may have laws that are less protective than the country in which you reside. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the Site or Service.
Disclosure of Your Information
1. If you violate laws and regulations (such as sending harassment messages), we will legally disclose your personal information.
2. Your payment information may be share with third parties as needed for billing purposes and to prevent fraud.
Retention
1. Personal data shall be processed and stored as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
• Personal data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between us and you shall be retained until such contact has been fully performed.
• Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Company's legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Company within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Company.
2. The company may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Company may be obligated to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
3. Once the retention period expires, personal data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in usersвЂ™ behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services. we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and android version, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. We may collect non-personal information including, without limitation:
(1) Installed application name and version, the data of install, frequency of use, country and channel.
(2) Your mobile device brand and model
(3) Your mobile operation system
(4) IP address of your mobile device
(5) Support Related Information.
If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may also collect your email address, name and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support (for example, your name and particular support query or request). Such information will only be used to help us with product improvement and provide you with support services. It will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the Software & Services.If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
2. How we use collected information
a. Personal Information: Since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your personal information in any way.
b. Non- Personal Information: We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose as below:
1) To personalize user experience, we may use your Non-Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users;
2) To help develop our service, we may use Non-Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and modify the Applications, Services and the Site and develop new services;
3) To further develop Call apps business. We may use Non- Personal Information for promotion and marketing purposes.
3. Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information. We describe our legal bases for processing throughout this Policy. Below is a list of the purposes described in our policy with the corresponding legal bases for processing:
• Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes;
• provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
• processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject; processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
• processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party. In any case, we will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
4. Your Individual Rights. We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Service. If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at iosmobilecontact@gmail.com. Please note, we may seek to verify your identity when we receive an individual rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your personal information.
• Right to Withdraw Your Consent. If we ever asked for your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties based on consent before your withdrawal.
• Right of Access. Upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in our files without undue delay and free of charge, unless we permitted by law to charge a fee. Your access may be limited to the extent it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other individuals.
• Right to Rectification (or "Correction"). You may request to correct or update any of your personal information in our files. We may provide you with the ability to update some or all of your personal information directly via the Services.
• Right to Erasure (or the "Right to be Forgotten"). Upon your request, we will erase any of your personal information in our files that: is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that you previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing activities to which you object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
• Right to Restriction. You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information under certain conditions. During the time which restriction of processing applies, we will only process your restricted personal information with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.
• Right to Object. You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal information on the legal bases of: consent; contract; or legitimate interests. We may continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
• Right to Data Portability. If we process your personal information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another "controller," where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others. You right to data portability only applies to personal information provided by you to us.
• Notification to Third Parties. When we fulfill your individual rights requests for correct (or rectification), erasure or restriction of processing, we will notify third parties also handling the relevant personal information unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.
• Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling. You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal information, including profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless an exception applies under applicable law.
• Limitations to Individual Rights Requests. We may limit your individual rights requests in the following ways:
i.Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
ii.When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
iii.To protect our rights and properties; and
iv.Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
• Transfer of Your Personal Information. We transfer your personal information subject to appropriate safeguards as permitted under the applicable data protection laws. Specifically, when your personal information is transferred out of the Designated Countries, we have the required contractual provisions for transferring personal information in place with the third-parties to which your information is transferred. For such transfers, we rely on legal transfer mechanisms such as Standard Contractual Clauses or we work with U.S. based third parties that are certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
• Right to Lodge Complaints. If you believe that we have infringed or violated your privacy rights under applicable law or this Policy, please contact us at iosmobilecontact@gmail.com, so that we can work with you to resolve your concerns. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged infringement.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at iosmobilecontact@gmail.com
ENDВ Made by App Icon Team В© 2020. Privacy Policy