info@contentarcade.com
+92 41 873 9015
HOME
ABOUT
SOLUTIONS
PORTFOLIO
Services
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Website Development
Mobile Application Development
Social Media Management
Digital Advertising
TEAM
CAREER
CONTACT
We at Content Arcade care about the privacy of the data being shared with
        us by our users that is why are dedicated to protecting our client's
        privacy. This Privacy Policy aims to provide our consumers with proper
        knowledge regarding what information we collect and why, as well as how we
        utilize that information. All the way through this policy.
This Privacy Policy has been compiled to serve users who are concerned
        about how their 'Personally Identifiable Information (PII)' can be used
        online. As per US privacy law and information security, PII is information
        that may be used on its own or with other information to identify, locate,
        or contact an individual. We recommend you to read the policy carefully to
        get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, or handle your PII
        according to our website.
Table of Contents
What is the scope of this Content Arcade Privacy Policy?
What Information does Content Arcade collect about me?
Data you provide us whenever you create an account
What other Information we collect from you?
What information is automatically collected?
When does Content Arcade collect information?
How does Content Arcade use my Information?
Does Content Arcade analyze User Content?
Right to use Data and Disclosure
Does Content Arcade ever share my Information?
Does Content Arcade get profit for my Personal Data by selling them?
Does Content Arcade use cookies?
Cookies that we use
How to delete, modify or disable cookies?
How do plugins and third-party apps work?
Will Content Arcade send me email notifications?
Will Content Arcade ever make any of my Personal Data or User Content
public?
How does Content Arcade handle Do Not Track signals?
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
Does Content Arcade get information from children?
Data transfer, storage, retention, and deletion
Where is my Information stored when shared with Content Arcade?
How safe is my Information?
How can I erase my Personal Data from Content Arcade?
How long is my Personal Data stored in the Content Arcade system?
What would happen if Content Arcade closes my account?
California Online Privacy Protection Act
Fair Information Practices
For EEA users
What are my rights as a user, and how can I use them?
Will this Privacy Policy ever change?
Mobile Apps Privacy Policy
Contact Us
What is the scope of this Content Arcade Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy is integrated into Content Arcade's Terms of Service
          and License Agreement which can be found at
          http://www.contentarcade.com/privacy (the "Terms of Service") and relates
          to the information acquired by us through your use of Content Arcade's
          Site, Software, App, and Services ("Information") as explained in this
          Policy. The use of capitalized terms in this Policy and not otherwise
          stated shall have the definition given for those terms in the "Terms of
          Service".
What Information does Content Arcade collect about me?
Whenever a client interacts with our Software, App, Site, and/or Services,
          we may collect a single Information or in combination with other data,
          could be used to identify you ("Personal Data"). There will also be some
          Information that we collect that is kept in a way that cannot be linked
          back to you ("Non-Personal Data").
Data you provide us whenever you create an account
When you register to use Content Arcade services, you willingly share with
          us certain Personal Data, including the following:
Your email address, username, contact, and language preferences. When
          logging into Content Arcade with a social networking credential, such as
          with your Google+ or Facebook account, we will ask for your consent to
          access basic information from that account, such as your email address and
          name. If you want to stop sharing that information with us, you may do so
          at any time by removing Content Arcade's access to that account.
If you are a paying client, you should provide your payment information.
          This is needed to fully deliver any marketable transaction on the Content
          Arcade site. We use the data to process and fulfill your transaction. If
          you select PayPal® to pay for your order, you will have to provide
          your credit card number directly to PayPal®. The privacy policy of
          PayPal® will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal®
          website.
What other Information we collect from you?
Content Arcade collect this Information as you use the Site, Software, App,
          and/or Services:
User Content:
This includes all text, documents, or other content or information
          uploaded, entered, or otherwise transferred by you as part of your use of
          our Services and/or Software.
What information is automatically collected?
There is certain information about the devices you use to connect with
          Content Arcade and your use of the Site, Software, App, and/or Services are
          automatically registered in our systems, including the following:
Your location:
This is the geographic area or place where you use your devices such as
          your computer, cellphone or tablet (as specified by an Internet Protocol
          [IP] address or similar identifier) when interacting with our Site,
          Software, App, and/or Services.
Your log data or information:
Same like other websites, our servers automatically gather data when you
          access or use our Site, Software, App, and/or Services and store it in log
          files. This log data may include your IP address, browser type and
          settings, browser configuration, the date and time of use, cookie data, and
          language preferences.
Your usage information:
This is information about the Content Arcade Site, Software, App, and/or
          Services you use and how you use them. We may also attain data from our
          third-party affiliates and service providers to examine how consumers use
          our Site, Software, App, and/or Services. For example, we will have an idea
          on the number of users who are accessing a specific page on the Site and at
          which links they normally clicked on. We will use this collected data to
          better understand and to help in optimizing the Site.
Your device information:
These are data gathered from your computer or mobile device which include
          the type of hardware and software you are using (such as your operating
          system and browser type), and also unique device identifiers for devices
          that are using the Content Arcade Software.
Cookies:
Data gathered from cookies are explained in the "Does Content Arcade use
          cookies?" section and in our Cookie Policy.
When does Content Arcade collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form, subscribe to a
          newsletter, place an order, use live chat, open a support ticket, and/or
          enter any information on our site.
How does Content Arcade use my Information?
We at Content Arcade process, use, and record your Information as necessary
          to be able to carry out our contract with you and for our legitimate
          business interests, including the following:
to communicate and build a connection with you about your use of our
            Site, Software, and/or Services, our product and service announcements,
            software updates if any, and to be able to give feedback to your requests
            for assistance which includes providing you with account verification
            support in the event that you are having problems with accessing your
            account or to follow up with you after correspondence.
to help us manage our Site, Software, App, and/or Services, validate
            users for security purposes, offer tailored user features and access,
            process and deliver transactions, conduct reviews and study, develop
            upcoming features, and improve the algorithms and performance of our Site,
            Software, App, and/or Services.
to send you direct email notifications and special offers about
            Content Arcade services, from which you can unsubscribe at any time you
            desire. For more details about this, kindly go this section - "Will Content
            Arcade send me emails?" If you are someone that resides in the European
            Economic Area (EEA), we will only send you promotional materials if you
            permit us to do so from the time you create your account or any point
            thereafter.
to determine cumulative statistics on the quantity of unique devices
            using our Site, Software, App, and/or Services, and to identify and prevent
            misuse and fraud.
To process your transactions quickly
to show User Content related with your account and to ensure that it
            is accessible to you when you use our Services.
Does Content Arcade analyze User Content?
We guarantee that Content Arcade employees do not monitor all User Content
          that are stored in or transmitted through our Site, Software, App, and/or
          Services, but it may be viewed if we found out that the Terms of Service
          have been violated and an authorization is required, if we find it
          necessary to do so answer your requests for user support, if we otherwise
          decide that there is a need to review it as defined in the Terms of
          Service, or to enhance our algorithms as stated in the User Content section
          of our Terms of Service. Lastly, your Information may be viewed where there
          is a need to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Content
          Arcade and its users, or to conform with our legal obligations, such as
          responding to any legal processed like warrants and court orders.
Right to use Data and Disclosure
Does Content Arcade ever share my Information?
Content Arcade only disclose Personal Data to third parties when:
We work with service providers who help us in fulfilling business
          operation's requirements, these include hosting, improving, and carrying
          our Services. We also use service providers for specific services and
          functions such as customer support services, email communication, and
          analytics. These service providers may only access, process, or record
          Personal Data in accordance to our instructions and to accomplish their
          duties to us.
We have your permission to share your Personal Data.
We believe it is important to investigate possible violations of the
            Terms of Service, to implement those Terms of Service, or where we believe
            it is necessary to probe or take action regarding unlawful activities,
            suspected fraud, or potential threats against property, persons, or the
            methods on which we operate our Site, Software, App, and/or Services.
We ascertain that the preservation, access, or disclosure of your
            Personal Data is mandatory by law to safeguard the rights, property, or
            personal safety of Content Arcade and the users of our Site, Software, App,
            and/or Services, or to respond to lawful requests by any public
            authorities.
We need to do so in relation with an acquisition, merger,
            reorganization, bankruptcy, public offering of securities, selling of some
            or all of our assets. In such cases some or all of your Personal Data may
            be transferred or shared with another entity, subject to this Privacy
            Policy.
We may impart or disclose Non-Personal Data to third parties and
            publicly - for example, to affiliates under agreement with us, or as part
            of progress reports which we may provide to users.
Does Content Arcade get profit for my Personal Data by selling them?
No, Content Arcade does not sell or rent your Personal Data.
Does Content Arcade use cookies?
Cookies are used by web browsers to provide personalized content and
          remember login credential and account settings. Content Arcade uses cookies
          and similar technologies, including web beacons and tracking pixels. These
          are needed to collect usage and analytic data that helps us provide our
          Site, Software, App, and/or Services to you and also to aid in delivering
          ads for relevant Content Arcade products and services to you when you
          browse certain pages on the Site and then go to third-party sites. Content
          Arcade does not share your Personal Data with third parties for the purpose
          of allowing them to deliver their advertisements to you. For more
          information on cookies and how Content Arcade uses them, please see our
          Cookie Policy.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save preferences of users for future visits.
Track & analyze our user's activity, so we can offer a better
            experience.
You can choose to turn off all cookies, or you can choose to have your
          computer warn you whenever a cookie is being sent. This can be done through
          your browser settings. Since every browser is different, go to your
          browser's Help Menu to learn how you can correctly modify cookies. If you
          choose to turn cookies off, some of the features may not function properly.
Third-party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your
          Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party Links
We use third-party links in our Blog Posts to help improve the
            content for our readers.
We use third-party links in our Privacy Policy page in order to
            guide our visitors how we handle PII and cookies.
Please be aware that we cannot guarantee the authenticity of any external
          links that you may visit. It is recommended that you always do your own
          research before visiting any third-party link.
Google
We use Google Adsense Advertising on our Software, App, Site, and/or
          Services. Google's Advertising Principles can sum up Google's advertising
          requirements. They are introduced to provide a better experience for users.
For further information visit:
          https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
As a third-party vendor, Google makes use of cookies to serve ads on our
          Software, App, Site, and/or Services. Google's use of the DART cookie
          enables it to serve ads to our users on the basis of their previous visits
          to our Software, App, Site, and/or Services and other sites. If you want to
          opt-out of the use of the DART cookie, you can do so by visiting the
          privacy policy of Google Ad and Content Network.
Cookies that we use
Origin
Cookie
Description
Expiry
Category
Google Analytics
_gid
Used to distinguish users.
2 years
Analytics & Marketing
Google Analytics
_ga
Used to distinguish users
First Party
                  
                  Persistent
Analytics & Marketing
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google make use of
            first-party cookies (such as Google Analytics cookies) and
            third-party cookies (such as DoubleClick cookies) or various other
            third-party identifiers together in order to compile data about
            user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service
            functions as they relate to our Software, App, Site, and/or
            Services.
Opt-out
Using the Google Ad Settings page, you can set preferences for how Google
          advertises to you. Alternatively, you can opt out through the Network
          Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or through the Google Analytics Opt Out
          Browser add on.
For further information visit: www.allaboutcookies.org
How to delete, modify or disable cookies
You can delete cookies or disable their use by following your browser
          instructions:
Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer 11
Google Chrome
Safari (iOS)
Android (Chrome)
the latest Safari for Mac
Safari 8 (Yosemite)
Safari 6/7 (Mavericks)
Safari 5.1 (OS X Lion)
If you use a different browser, then follow the instructions from its
          provider.
How do plugins and third-party apps work?
Some third-party applications and services that partners with us may ask
          for consent to access your Information. Such applications will provide you
          with notice and request your permission in order to obtain access or
          information. It would be best to consider your selection of such
          applications and services, and your permissions, carefully.
Some third parties' plugins or embedded content our Site , App, and/or
          Software, such as Facebook "Like" buttons, may allow their administrators
          to know that you have visited the Site, and they may use this information
          with other data they have gathered about your visits to other websites or
          services on the internet that can identify you.
The data collected by third parties through these plugins and applications
          is subject to each parties' own policies. We strongly encourage you to read
          those policies carefully and understand how other entities use your data.
Will Content Arcade send me email notifications?
There will be times when we may send you information about special offers,
          software updates, and other product announcements. We also may want to send
          you with information about products and services from our business
          affiliates. But, you may disable such communications at any time by
          clicking the "unsubscribe" button that can be found within Content Arcade
          emails and also by changing your contact preferences. All Content Arcade
          account holders will still receive email notifications that are related to
          our Services, even if you opt to unsubscribe from these emails.
For users coming from EEA:
We will only deliver promotional communications to users located in the EEA
          with your prior consent. Kindly see the section "For EEA users" below for
          more details.
Will Content Arcade ever make any of my Personal Data or User Content
          public?
No, we do not share Personal Data or User Content with the exception of the
          limited circumstances as stated in the "Does Content Arcade share my
          Information?" section of the Policy.
How does Content Arcade handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track, use advertising, or plant
          cookies when DNT browser mechanism is in place.
Content Arcade also does not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
Does Content Arcade get information from children?
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act put parents in control.
          Content Arcade does not knowingly get personal information from children
          under the age of 13. In the event that it has come to our knowledge that we
          have acquired personal information from a child that is younger than 13
          years of age, we will take necessary measures to take out that information
          from our systems. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide any
          personal information through the Site, Service, App, and/or Software. We
          also encourage parents and their legal guardians to closely monitor their
          children's Internet usage. Another way to enforce this Policy is by
          informing their children to never provide any personal information through
          the Site, Service, App, and/or Software without their permission.
Data transfer, storage, retention, and deletion
Where is my Information stored when shared with Content Arcade?
All information shared to Content Arcade will be transferred to, processed,
          and stored in the United States. Whenever you use our Software on any of
          your device, User Content you save will be kept locally on that specific
          device and then synced with our servers. But, if you post or transfer any
          Information to or through our Site, App, Software, and/or Services, that
          means you are giving consent to such Information, including Personal Data
          and User Content, being hosted and accessed in the United States.
How safe is my Information?
Content Arcade is dedicated to protecting the security of your Information
          and takes necessary precautions to protect it. However, know that Internet
          data transmissions, whether it is wired or wireless, cannot be guaranteed
          to be 100% safe and as a result, we cannot ensure the security of
          Information you transmit to us, including Personal Data and User Content;
          therefore, you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.
We at Content Arcade use industry-standard encryption to safeguard your
          data in transit. This is commonly referred to as secure socket layer
          ("SSL") technology or also known as transport layer security ("TLS").
By the time we receive your data, we keep it on our servers using a
          combination of physical, technical, and logical security measures. The
          security of the data stored locally in any of our Software installed on
          your device requires that you make use of the safety features of your
          device. It is highly recommended that you take the necessary steps to
          secure all devices that you use in connection with our Site, Software, App,
          and Services.
If Content Arcade learns of a security system breach, we may send you a
          notification to provide information on protective steps, through the email
          address that you have provided to us. We may also post a notice on the Site
          to inform our users.
How can I erase my Personal Data from Content Arcade?
You can delete your Personal Data from Content Arcade any time you like by
          simply emailing us at info@contentarcade.com. Please note that, for
          security reasons, premium users will first be asked to cancel their
          subscriptions before they can cancel or delete their account with Content
          Arcade.
How long is my Personal Data stored in the Content Arcade system?
You can delete all your Personal Data from Content Arcade at any time by
          cancelling your account as described above. However, we may store some of
          your Personal Data for as long as necessary for our legitimate business
          interests, including fraud prevention and detection, and to meet our legal
          obligations including tax, auditing, and legal reporting.
What would happen if Content Arcade closes my account?
In the event that Content Arcade closes your account due to your violation
          of the Terms of Service, then you may contact us if you want to request
          deletion of your data. Our administrators will review such requests,
          pursuant to our legal obligations.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the United States that requires
          commercial websites and online services to publish a privacy policy. The
          law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any individual or
          company in the US (and conceivably the world) that operates sites
          collecting PII from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy
          policy on its website stating precisely the information that it collects
          and those individuals or companies with whom it is shared.
For further information, visit:
          https://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit the site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our
            home page or at least, the first significant page after entering our
            website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' in it, and it
            can easily be found on the page specified above.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles is the backbone of the privacy
          law in the United States. It also plays a significant role in developing
          data protection laws across the globe. It is, therefore, essential to
          understand the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be
          implemented in compliance with the various privacy laws to protect personal
          information.
In agreement with the Fair Information Practices, following responsive
          actions will be taken, should a data breach instance occur:
We will notify you via email:
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle according to which
          individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against
          those who collect and process data and fail to adhere to the law. As per
          this principle individuals not only have enforceable rights against data
          users but also that they have recourse to courts or legal agencies to
          investigate and/or prosecute by data processors.
For EEA users
Content Arcade uses, processes, and records Personal Data, including those
          listed in the "What Information does Content Arcade collect about me?"
          section, as necessary to carry out our obligations, and based on our
          legitimate business interests in order to provide high quality service to
          our clients. We need your permission to process Personal Data to send email
          notifications and to place cookies on your devices. In some cases, Content
          Arcade may process Personal Data in accordance to legal obligation or to
          protect your interests or those of another person.
What are my rights as a user, and how can I use them?
People located in the European Economic Area (EEA) have certain rights in
          when it comes to their personal information which includes the right to
          access, correct, or delete Personal Data that we process through your use
          of the Site, Software, App, and/or Services. If you're a user who is
          located in the EEA, you can:
Request a Personal Data report by submitting a support ticket.
This report will contain the Personal Data we have about you, delivered to
          you in a structured, commonly used, and portable format. You need to be
          signed into your Content Arcade account. Please note that Content Arcade
          may request for additional information from you for verification purposes
          before we disclose any information.
You can have your Personal Data changed or deleted.
You have the option to change your Personal Data like your name and email
          address, as well as language preference, just go to your account settings.
          If in case you registered for Content Arcade using Google or Facebook, or
          if you encountered any issues updating this information, please submit a
          support ticket or get in touch with us. You can delete your Personal Data
          from Content Arcade by cancelling your account with us.
You can change your personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
By logging in to your account
By sending us a support ticket
Object to us processing your Personal Data.
You can make a request if you want us to stop using your Personal Data,
          including when we use your Personal Data or to send you email
          notifications. We only send business or promotional communications to users
          located in the EEA with your prior consent, and you may pull out your
          consent at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" button that can be found
          within Content Arcade emails and also by changing your contact preferences.
          Please note that you will still continue to receive transactional messages
          about our Services, even if you unsubscribe from promotional emails.
Send complain to an authority.
If you are located in the EEA region and think that we haven't conformed to
          data protection laws, then you have a right to bring a complaint to your
          local supervisory authority.
If you have other queries or do not have a Content Arcade account, you may
          contact us by submitting a support ticket.
Will this Privacy Policy ever change?
As Content Arcade continue to improve our services, we may need to update
          this Policy in accordance to changes in our Site, Software, App, and
          Services, our business, and laws relevant to us and you. We will, however,
          always keep our commitment to respect and protect your privacy. We will
          immediately notify you should there be any changes that may impact your
          rights under this Policy via email or post any other modifications to this
          Policy, along with their effective date, in the most easy-to-find area of
          the Site. We highly recommend that you check back here from time to time to
          stay informed of any changes. Please note that your continued use of
          Content Arcade after any revision means that you agree with the changes,
          and consent to be bound by, the new Policy. If you don't agree with any of
          the changes in this Policy and do not wish your information to be subject
          to it, then you will need to delete your account with Content Arcade.
You will be notified of any changes in Privacy Policy on our Privacy Policy
          page.
Mobile Apps Privacy Policy
What information is obtained by the Application and how is it utilized?
We care about the privacy of the information being shared with us by our users that is why are dedicated to protecting our client’s privacy. This Privacy Policy governs your use of the application and aims to provide our users with proper knowledge regarding the information that we may collect and why, as well as how we use that data.
User Provided Information
The Application collects the information you provide when you download or register the Application. Registration with us might be optional. However, please keep this in mind that in some cases, you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you are registered with us. When registering with us, you generally provide (a) name, email address, password and required information (b) transaction-related information, such as when purchasing, responding to offers, or downloading/using the applications from us  (c) information you give out when contacting us for help (d) credit card information for making purchases and using the Application (e) any information that you may enter into our system when using the applications, such as content data and project management information. We may also use any information you provide us with to contact you from time to time to inform you about required notices, relevant information, and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
Additionally, the Application may automatically collect certain information, including but not limited to the type of mobile device being used, unique device ID of your mobile device, the IP address, your mobile operating system, your mobile internet browser and information related to the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise information about the real-time location of your device?
This Application does not collect the precise information about the location of the device being used.
Do third parties view and/or have access to the information provided by the user?
Yes! We may share your information with third parties only in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose the User Provided Information and Automatically Collected Information, as required by law, such as to comply with a legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to investigate a fraud, protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, or respond to a government request. Working on our behalf, our trusted services providers, do not have an independent use of the information we might disclose to them, and have agreed to follow the rules set forth in this privacy statement. If the Application is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on our website or an email of any change in ownership or uses of the information, as well as any choices you may have regarding the information to advertisers and third-party advertising networks and analytics companies, the details of which you can find in the section below.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work in collaboration with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and usage duration. We may work with work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with or respond to the advertising provided in the Application which helps us in keeping the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks can use some information obtained by the Application, including but not limited to your mobile telephone number and the unique identification ID of your mobile device. In order to, keep the anonymity of the information intact, we use encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can't identify you personally. The third parties may also collect anonymous information about the mobile websites you visit, the other applications you've downloaded to your mobile device, your non-precise location information (such as your zip code), and additional non-precise location information to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided the app in order to enable our partners to get other available information about you for analysis or advertising purpose. If you would like to opt-out from the third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the "Opt-out" section below.
What are my opt-out rights?
The users of the Application have multiple opt-out options.
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can quickly stop all information collected by the Application by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstallation processes, available as a part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or store. You may also request us to opt-out via email.
Opt-out from the information used to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third-party networks: You may at any time opt-out from further allowing access to your location by managing your location preferences either on the device or app level.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
User Provided Data will be retained for as long as you will use the Application and for a reasonable time afterward. We may keep Automatically Collected information for a period of up to 24 months and may store it in aggregate after that. If you’d want us to delete the information that you have provided through the Application, please contact us at
info@contentarcade.com
, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please keep in mind that some or all of the User Provided Data may be essential for the proper functioning of the Application.
Children
We do not use the Application to intentionally solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian come to know that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should let us know at
info@contentarcade.com
. We will delete any such information from our system within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your data. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information you may provide that we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to the data to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information for operating, developing or improving our Application. Please be aware that, although we intend to provide reasonable security for information we may process and maintain, but no security system is able to prevent all potential security breaches.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.contentarcade.com/:
info@contentarcade.com
+92 41 873 9015
HOME
ABOUT
SOLUTIONS
PORTFOLIO
Services
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Website Development
Mobile Application Development
Social Media Management
Digital Advertising
TEAM
CAREER
CONTACT
We’re Not Just Smart,
We’re Passionate
We love to produce high-end virtual products for delivering solutions
to our users. Since we stepped into the domain of the digital spectrum,
we haven’t looked back and have a continuum drive to explore hidden
avenues.
We’re Not Just Smart,
We’re Passionate
Looking for a solution to your problem? Work with us; we can
                                    help
you generate awareness, increase traffic, design and shape vision
into reality.
We’re Not Just Smart,
We’re Passionate
Looking for a solution to your problem? Work with us; we can
                                    help
you generate awareness, increase traffic, design and shape vision
into reality.
ABOUT
US
Dedicated to adding value through technology, Content Arcade is not a new name when it comes
                            to the IT industry. Our company has established itself as a reliable service provider that
                            is progressive, dynamic, and people-friendly.
Our journey started in 2011, and since then we continue to strive for excellence in all
                            areas, most especially in our deliverables. Today, our international reach has extended to
                            the United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, and Russia. This is made possible because we give
                            great value to our clients from all over the world.
Read more
Our Expertise
WEBSITES
MOBILE APPS
DIGITAL MARKETING
AMAZON KDP
SEO, digital marketing, and web-based solutions
Millions across the world use our free SEO tools
Portfolio that boasts highly ranked websites
At Content Arcade, we believe in earning client satisfaction that can
                                                    win positive regard in the long run rather than going after a few
                                                    transient benefits. In over a decade, we have achieved numerous
                                                    clients, 200+ websites, and here we are… still counting!
Fast and enterprise-grade platform for Android & iOS apps
Shaping thoughts and ideas into reality
Providing solution in the form of Mobile Apps
When it comes to the app market, there’s a massive potential for
                                                    churning out iOS and Android apps on evolving technologies and a
                                                    variety of useful purposes. Content Arcade is a new rising company
                                                    in mobile App Development, for which emerging technologies and user
                                                    satisfaction is always an area of strength.
Leading provider of integrated Internet Marketing
Because online presence does matter
Your online presence is crucial to your success
The Vision of Content Arcade is to help people by creating a culture
                                                    that inspires them to achieve beyond possible. We strive to add a
                                                    distinct measurable value by means of result driven internet
                                                    marketing strategies.
Well established Amazon Kindle Direct Publisher
Over 200 books for reading enthusiasts in our library
Quick and easy to keep control and publish books
With an amazing suite of publishing services by Amazon KDP and the
                                                    painless publishing process, we help independent self-publishing
                                                    authors to bypass traditional publishing methods by providing
                                                    accessible e-book publishing services.
Our
Prowess
Graphic Designing
We have dedicated professional graphic designing resources on-board. They are incredibly talented in turning ideas into creative pictorial and visual designs. In addition, crafting website templates, mockups, logo designs is their area of expertise. They are embedded with a distinctive approach to work on creative projects.
Website Development
We have years of experience in developing top-class sites that have the potential to directly appeal to the targeted market, turning the visitors into potential customers. In addition, our web development team has a wide range of experience in different programming languages.
Mobile App Development
We have a highly-skilled mobile application development team, and they possess the skills to bring life to the most complex and technical scenarios. They have developed industry-leading mobile applications. Content Arcade’s mobile development team comprises of Android and IOS developers. Our team has solved real-life problems by developing virtual solutions.
Game Development
Our certified Game Developers possess the skills to create games from scratch. They are well-versed in the current gaming trends. Our team specializes in crafting full-motion and rendering animations. Along with that, they also work on coding 2D & 3D graphic animation designs. We call them our true ninjas for developing quality games.
Search Engine Optimization
We are proud to be industry pioneers and have incepted several web platforms to serve users' needs. We are well-versed in the marketing trends, which is why smallseotools.com has become a one-stop destination for users. From organic traffic to paid campaigns, we are the ones with superlative expertise.
App Store Optimization
With years of experience, we have laid the foundation of several applications and games that have garnered millions of downloads. In the domain of designing, our Logo Maker application has fetched more than 10 Million downloads. We stand out from others in delivering high-quality pre-made solutions to our users.
Content Writing
Our content writing team possesses immense skills. They know how to transform ideas and thoughts into words. Our writers are well-versed in the distinguishing nature of different niches. Their writing skills aren't confined to certain domains but extend to multiple dimensions.
Quality Assurance
Our Quality Assurance team tests all of our products and projects ruthlessly. They deploy different scenarios for the fixation of bugs and functionality ends. There isn't any single project that doesn't go through the quality assurance phase. Our team doesn't work from a narrow perspective; they maintain quality standards with a broader approach.
Kindle Direct Publishing
We are well-established publishers and offering services for Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing. Our library is growing over the years, with more than 200 quality books to cater to readers' cravings worldwide. Furthermore, we have been working with several renowned authors and continuously paving the way for creative thoughts and ideas.
Our Great
Works
All
Websites
Mobile Apps
Amazon KDP
More Books
More Apps
More Websites
CREATIVE
TEAMS
All
Web
Android
iOS
Content
Design
SEO
ASO
Game
QA
.Net
Tausif Akram
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Aamir Riaz
Chief Operating Officer (COO)
Sardar Muhy ud din Cheema
Admin Manager
Taimoor Shakir
Asst. Admin Manager
Ambreen H
HR Manager
Haseeb Ashfaq
Web Team Lead
Usman Ali
App Business Manager
Muhammad Ali
Technical Lead
Yasir Ayub
Android Team Lead
Muhammad Awais Habib
ASO Team Lead
Faisal Majeed
Design Team Lead
Zain Ul Abadeen
SEO Team Lead
Nouroze Khan
Online Marketing Manager
Hassam Ali Niaz
Product Lead
Saif Mandahar
HR Executive
Tayyab Rahman
Product Lead
Haseeb Ashfaq
Web Team Lead
Muhammad Ali
Technical Lead
Sultan Mehmood
Sr. Web Developer
Mohammad Waqas Mohsin
Sr. Web Developer
Faizan
Sr. Web Developer
Abu Bakar Ameer Hamza
Sr. Web Developer
Iqra Siddique
Web Developer
Hamza Saeed
Web Developer
Moeen ud Din
Web Developer
Muhammad Ashar
Sr. Web Developer
Mohsin Shoukat
Sr. Web Developer
Hafiz Kashif Saleem
Sr. Web Developer
Muhammad Nadeem
Sr. Web Developer
Nabeel Ahmad
Web Developer - MERN
Mudassar Ali
Sr. Web Developer - MERN
Warda Aqeel
Customer Support Executive
Sadia Akram
Research Associate
Attiqa Kaleem
Research Associate
Sadaf Naz
Jr. Web Developer
Muhammed Ahmed Faizi
Jr. Web Developer - MERN
Muhammad Asif
Back-end Developer
Muneeb Ahmad
Jr. Python Developer
Hassam Ali Niaz
Product Lead
Muhammad Saqlain Zahid
Jr. Web Developer
Mobeen Jan
Web Developer - MERN
Shahroz Ahmad
Jr. Web Developer
Madeeha Hafeez
Research Associate
Areeba Nazir
Research Associate
Bilal Sarwar
Web Developer
Muqadas Murtaza
Front-End Developer
Muzammal Rafique
Jr. Front-End Developer
Muhammad Aqib Usman
Jr. Front-End Developer
Syeda Mazeena Akram
Front-End Developer
Muhammad Abdullah
Web Developer
Yasir Ayub
Android Team Lead
Muhammad Fahim Asif
Sr. Software Engineer - Android
Usama Khalid
Associate Software Engineer - Android
Muhammad Faizan Ali
Associate Software Engineer - Android
Ansar Abbas
Sr. Software Engineer - Android
Ali Zahid
Software Engineer - Android
Muhammad Ahsan Faizi
Associate Software Engineer - Android
Muhammad Jamal
Software Engineer - Android
Ali Raza
Software Engineer - Android.
Muhammad Raheel
Sr. Software Engineer - Android
Muhammad Ashir Mubeen
Technical Lead
Muhammad Ahsan Naseem
Jr. SQA Engineer
Muhammad Qasim Ijaz
Data Entry Operator
Ali Shahzad
Software Engineer - iOS
Muhammad Waleed
Associate Software Engineer - iOS
Sufyan Qasim
Software Engineer - iOS
Umair Ahmad
Software Engineer - iOS
Ameer Hamza
Software Engineer - iOS
Arslan Ilyas
Sr. Software Engineer - iOS
Ambreen H
HR Manager
Ma. Celeste Ilagan-Jarabese
Amazon Business Manager
Ahmad Ali
Sr. Content Writer
Saif Mandahar
HR Executive
Marina Astakhova
Writer & Translator(RU)
Anna Alapatt
Content Writer
Muhammad Zaki Kaleem
Content Writer
Feeha Toqeer
Content Writer
Faisal Majeed
Design Team Lead
Zohaib Amdad
UI & UX Designer
Faizan Razzaq
Sr. Web Designer
Muhammad Jawad
Graphic Designer
Muhammad Salman
Sr. Graphic Designer
Aliraza
Graphic Designer
Ahmed Raza
Graphic Designer
Arslan Yasin
Graphic Designer
Muhammad Masood
Motion Graphics Designer
Muhammad Umar Farooq
Graphic Designer
Fiza Zahid
Web Designer
Rehana Kausar
Data Entry Operator
Ghufran Qayyum
UI & UX Designer
Syed Ahmad
Jr. Graphic Designer
Haider Ali
UI & UX Designer
Abu Hararah
Jr. UI & UX Designer
Hina Iqbal
Graphic Designer
Muhammad Aqib Javed
UI & UX Designer
Maheen Tariq
Graphic Designer
Usman Ali
Product Manager
Zain Nadeem
3D Modeller & Graphic Designer
Adeel Khan
Sr. Game Developer
Adeel Asim
Game Designer
Rao Ammar Zafar
Game Developer
Adnan Latif
Game Designer
Shafia Gul
Jr. Game Developer
Muhammad Usama Saleem
Sr. Game Developer
Hafiz Muhammad Jawad Malik
Sr. SQA Engineer
Iqra Amir
Sr. SQA Engineer
Tayyab Rahman
Product Lead
Zaryab Ahamd
SQA Engineer
Muhammad Suleman Safdar
SQA Engineer
Noor e Hira
SQA Engineer
Muhammad Sohaib Sarfraz
Sr. SQA Engineer
Hamza Rasheed
SQA Engineer
Shahzill
SQA Engineer
Takreem Zahira
SQA Engineer
Sharafat Ali
Sr. .Net Developer
Tauqeer Aslam
Jr. .Net Developer
Zain Ul Abadeen
SEO Team Lead
Zaraq Shahzad Rasool
Sr. SEO Executive
Muhammad Hammad Ashraf
Sr. SEO Executive
Mohammad Hussnain
Sr. SEO Executive
Muhammad Sakandar Ali
SEO Executive
Arslan Javed
SEO Executive
Muhammad Bilal
SEO Executive
Faraz Ahmad Tariq
SEO Executive
Abid Hussain
SEO Executive
Muhammad Amir Mushtaq
Sr. SEO Executive
Muhammad Zain Ul Abadin
SEO Executive
Kainat Liaqat
SEO Executive
Haseeb Arshad
SEO Executive
Muhammad Bilal Babar
SEO Executive
Tayyab Rizwan
SEO Executive
Syed Shafiq Usman
SEO Executive
Zain Shafiq
SEO Executive
Anita Kainat
Jr. SEO Executive
Muhammad Irfan
Jr. SEO Executive
Muhammad Asif Rehman
SEO Executive
Kanwal Saleem
SEO Executive
Muhammad Shoaib Shahid
Email Support Executive
Muhammad Javaid Babar
Jr. SEO Executive
Mukaram Shahid
SEO Executive
Muhammad Zain
SEO Executive
Sana Irfan
Email Support Executive
Sajjad Hussain
SEO Executive
Toseef Ahmad
SEO Executive
Muhammad Subhan
Jr. SEO Executive
Hammad Munir
SEO Executive
Rabia
SEO Executive
Hina Ikram
SEO Executive
Muhammad Afaq
SEO Executive
Zeeshan Ali
SEO Executive
Hamna Zulfiqar
SEO Executive
Syed Shahzad Haider
SEO Executive
Asma Noor
SEO Executive
Ali Husnain
SEO Executive
Sofia
SEO Executive
Hamza Ilyas
SEO Executive
Ahmad Ijaz
SEO Executive
Muhammad Awais Habib
ASO Team Lead
Syed Masood Ahmad
Sr. ASO Executive
Nida Anjum
ASO Executive
Muhammad Danyal Ahmad
Jr. ASO Executive
Muhammad Hamza Ijaz
Jr. ASO Executive
Aansa Kanwal
Jr. ASO Executive
Muhammad Umar
Jr. ASO Executive
Rimsha Iftikhar
PPC Executive
Kaleem Anwer
Jr. ASO Executive
Sharjil Hamid
ASO Executive
Maham Rafique
ASO Executive
Muhammad Hamza
ASO Executive
LEAVE A
COMMENT
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Website Development
Mobile Application Development
Contact Info
For any question or query, please feel free to reach us or contact us!
Worldwide Offices
438, Streatham High
                                        Road
London, UK.
SW16 3PX
Hamad Ben Mohammed
                                        St, Creative Tower - Fujairah - United Arab Emirates.
(+971-56-8927183)
Regent Mall
                                        Faisalabad Pakistan
041-8739015
info@contentarcade.com