Privacy Policy
The scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received through the MahjongLeh application only.
If you choose to use the application, then you agree to
                                    the collection and use of information in relation to this
                                    policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
                                    used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with
                                    anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Personal Information
This App does not collect or store any personal information
Service Providers
Analytics
Information about your device, cookies and similar technologies may be collected by a Third-Party service (Google Analytics for Firebase). These may include location, usage frequency and unique device ID. The usage of this information by the Third-Party provider is not covered within this policy. Refer to the link below for more information:
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
Advertising
Ads are displayed in the game, via a Third-Party service (Admob, Google). Information about your mobile device or usage may be collected. These may include location and usage frequency, unique device ID, advertising ID as well as ad interaction information. The usage of this information by the Third-Party provider is not covered within this policy. Refer to the link below for more information:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Children’s Privacy
The application does not address anyone under the age of 17.
                                    We do not knowingly collect personally
                                    identifiable information from children under 17. In the case
                                    we discover that a child under 17 has provided
                                    us with personal information, we immediately
                                    delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
                                    and you are aware that your child has provided us with
                                    personal information, please contact us at contact@playleh.com so that
                                    we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
                                    time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                                    periodically for any changes. we will
                                    notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
                                    this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-11-06