A quarterly lifestyle magazine for the modern witch
SUBSCRIBE
ORDER WINTER 2024
DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS AVAILABLE NOW!
We have an exciting new offering for you! You can now subscribe to our digital editions via our website. Get access to the latest issue and all past issues back to Winter 2020, plus an exclusive mini column delivered straight to your inbox! Think of it a bit like substack, but with your own exclusive subscribers area on our website.
SIGN UP
For witches, by witches
Established in 2018, Witchology Magazine is an award-winning quarterly publication dedicated to the creation and curation of quality, educational, and informative occult content. Witchology focuses on uplifting marginalized voices and shining a spotlight on the latest trends in witch-created art, music, books, tarot decks, and small businesses.
If it’s awesome, the chances are you will have seen it here first!
Buy Magazine
Listen to the Podcast
Creative Director Christie hosts a different witch each week on the Witchology Podcast…
Listen to the Podcast
Shop small
Support small witch-owned businesses by shopping at Coven Market…
Shop Small
What our readers are saying…
This is a gorgeous witch magazine, absolutely packed with amazing content. I've discovered so many great writers, books, practitioners, and more through this magazine, and I keep going back to past issues over and over for spells, tarot spreads, and recipes. Love love love Witchology Magazine!
Chelle
Educational, thoughtful, beautiful art work, great information and Witchology reading is always intriguing throughout!
JP
Each issue is thoughtful and beautiful! I come away from reading each one with new introspections, resources, and tools. Love their podcast, too!
Stacey
What a wonderful resource for all things witchy and magical! The photography is always stellar, and the articles well-written. Highly recommend!
Nicole
The  best witchy magazine experience! I love every single vibe of the magazine and all the info packed inside. The art is out of this world and sparks so much creativity.
Lindsay H
Excellent read. Helps me feel more connected with like minded folks. Recipes and holiday planning tips are very useful.
Beth
I love the attention to detail displayed by this little company. They also have a podcast and a brand new coven subscription so don’t sleep on Witchology!
Rhonda
Very beautiful work throughout the entire magazine! It's a great resource and highly intriguing articles. This is always a must read!
Michelle S.
I absolutely love Witchology and love being a member.  I’ve really enjoyed the extra content.    I’ve been buying the magazine for my brother and sister-in-law as well and they really enjoy it!  Thanks to all the team for such a high quality product!!
Jeannine
Winner of the Outstanding Magazine of the Year Award 2022 and 2024