You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Bismillāhir-Raḥmānir-Raḥīm (بِسْمِ ٱللَّٰهِ ٱلرَّحْمَٰنِ ٱلرَّحِيمِ)
Thank you for downloading Salaah Times (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice, or our practices with regards to our apps access, please email us
.When you use our mobile application, as the case may be (the "App") and more generally, use any of our services (the "Services", which include the App), we appreciate that you are trusting us with access to your location. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what  our app does, what access it has and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our app immediately. This privacy notice applies to all functions of our app. Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what  our app does with your location.
If you use our App, we do not collect any of your information. The app (Salaah Times) will only ask for permission to access your location which will be used to accurately get and display the current Islamic prayer times of your location. We do not collect or keep your location anywhere. It stays in your device. If you wish to not grant it access you can always deny to give it access and uninstall the app or you can grant it access only while the app is in use. If you wish to change the access or permissions, " you may do so in your device’s settings.The access is primarily needed to show and maintain " accurate prayer timings
We do not collect, store or share any of your information.
We do not collect, store , share or transfer any of your information.
We do not collect, keep, share or transfer any of your information.
We do not collect, keep, share or transfer any of your information.
We do not collect, keep, share or transfer any  information from minors. By using the App, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the App.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protect ion/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm. If you are resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html. If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us. If you would at any time like to revoke access to your location or uninstall our app, you can: do so in your apps settings and uninstall the app.
Thank you for downloading Salaah Times (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice, or our practices with regards to our apps access, please email us
.When you use our mobile application, as the case may be (the "App") and more generally, use any of our services (the "Services", which include the App), we appreciate that you are trusting us with access to your location. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what  our app does, what access it has and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our app immediately. This privacy notice applies to all functions of our app. Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what  our app does with your location.
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
We assure you that we do not collect, store, share or transfer any of your information but California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information(if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year.If you are a Californian resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using our email.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.