Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is really important to Funny emoji. ("Funny emoji", "our", "us" or "we"). We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from users of our game applications for mobile devices and tablet computers (the "App"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Apps.
Data Collection
We do not collect any information that can be used to contact or identify you directly, such as your full name, email address, postal address or phone number ("Personally Identifiable Information" or "PII") in connection with your use of the App.
We use Flurry analytics to collect, monitor and analyze Log Data in order to increase our Apps? functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Apps to our visitors? needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Apps meet the criteria required to process their requests. Accordingly, Log Data is shared with Flurry, which has its own privacy policy (accessible at https://www.flurry.com/about-us/legal/privacy.html) addressing how Flurry uses such information. You may opt out of Flurry Analytics tracking and personalized ads/recommendations from Flurry by clicking here. Please note that the opt-out is specific to Flurry activities and does not affect the activities of other ad networks or analytics providers.
Advertising
The App is supported via advertising, and we collect certain data to help serve ads. We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Apps are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the App. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the App, including the unique identification ID of your mobile device. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can?t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain information about other Apps you?ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the App and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
Information We Disclose With Your Consent or at Your Request
We will share your information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites, if you have expressly requested that we do so via the App.
The Security of Your Information
We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your information) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
Links to Other Sites
Our Apps may contain links to other websites and Apps. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or App is provided directly to the owner of the website or App and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or Apps and we?re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or Apps. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and Apps that you access.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we?ll notify you of such changes by posting them on the Apps or by sending you a notification and we?ll indicate when such changes will become effective.
Contact us
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at: nfkitty1038@gmail.com.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it