Log In
Search
Home
Mission
Newsroom
Our Writers
Watch & Listen
Polling
Events
UnHerd Club
Subscribe
Politics
Culture
Science
Faith
War
Society
UK
US
Europe
Search for:
Home
Mission
Newsroom
Our Writers
Watch & Listen
Polling
Events
UnHerd Club
Subscribe
Log In
|
Select Edition:
Search for:
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this document
UnHerd Limited respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we process your personal data when you visit our website and when you contact us (regardless of where you visit or contact us from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Purpose of this privacy notice
UnHerd Limited is a “data controller” (collectively referred to as “UnHerd Limited”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. We are required under data protection legislation to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how UnHerd Limited collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website and in the provision of our services, including any data you may provide through this website when you ask us to contact you or purchase a product or service, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
This privacy notice applies to all users of our website, clients, suppliers and third parties that we may instruct from time to time to carry out the services on our behalf.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance. You can do this by emailing The Data Protection Manager,
dpo@unherd.com
. You can also write to us at UnHerd, 2-6 Old Queen Street, SW1H 9HP.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated in May 2018.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Data protection principles
We will comply with data protection law. This says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
1. Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
2. Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
3. Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
4. Accurate and kept up to date.
5. Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
6. Kept securely.
The personal data that we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name and title. We collect this information in order to verify your identity and provide you with a personalised experience of our services.
Contact Data
includes billing address, home address, insured address, email address and telephone numbers. We collect this information in order to provide you with access to certain features of our services and to inform you about relevant information concerning your use of our services.
Preferences
: Your preferences and settings such as time zone and language. We collect this information in order to enhance your user experience.
Communications
between you and our support staff regarding the services. We collect this information in order to monitor the quality of our support staff, in order to support our users more effectively and your communications with us.
Information from third parties
: We may collect, process and store your user ID associated with any social media account (such as your Facebook and Google account) that you use to sign into our services or connect with or use with our services. This could include, without limitation, any information that you have made public through a given social media account of yours. We collect this information in order to provide you with an easier and faster access to our Services.
Location Data
: We may collect information about your location if you have instructed your mobile device or computer to send such information via the privacy settings on that mobile device or computer. We may use the location data collected to enhance your use of the Services by providing you with relevant content and contextual advertising.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us. Transactional information: If you make payments or purchases through our Services, we may collect and store information about you to process your requests and automatically complete forms for future transactions;We collect this information in order to enhance your buying experience.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes purchases or orders made by you, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services. This data is collected in order to enhance your user experience and provide you with relevant content and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How we collect personal data from you
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data and Claims Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you
apply for our products or services;
complete our ‘Contact Us’ form;
create an account on our website;
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy below for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
(a)Analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU
(b)
Parse.ly
– analytics provider based outside the EU
(c)WPEngine – web hosting; database backups; content performance optimisation based outside the US but hosted in the EU
(d)Mailchimp – how subscribers engage with our campaigns and certain profiling and technical information, based outside the EU
(e)Woopra – information about how you engage with UnHerd’s website; certain technical information about the device, based outside the EU
(f)Hotjar – information about how you engage with UnHerd’s website; certain technical information about the device, based outside the EU
(g)Social media websites such as Twitter & Facebook that will feed back certain defined characteristics to inform future advertising campaigns, based outside the EU
Some personal data may be collected about you from the forms and surveys you complete, from records of our correspondence and phone calls and details of your visits to our website, including but not limited to personally identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. We may also collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
UnHerd Limited also acts on behalf of its suppliers in the capacity of data processor. When working exclusively as a data processor, we will be acting on the instruction of its suppliers and will work hard to ensure that the client is fully GDPR compliant.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. These choices may include communications by post, telephone, email and messages to your mobile phone and through social media (such as Facebook and Twitter) about us and our business partners’ products and services, events and offers, including after you have stopped reading or receiving our daily updates. You can however unsubscribe from these services at any time by contacting us at dpo@unherd.com.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the UnHerd Limited for marketing purposes. Some advertising content may be adjusted depending on personal information. In some instances, this targeted advertising may be created by third parties and the information will be collected and held by these third parties outside of our control. We accept no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including any error, omission or inaccuracy contained within it. An example of such advertising might be Google Advertising.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, product/service experience or other transaction.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Data sharing
We may have to share your data with third parties, including third-party service providers and other entities in the group.
We require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We may transfer your personal information outside the EU.
If we do, you can expect a similar degree of protection in respect of your personal information.
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out above.
Internal Third Parties as set out below.
External Third Parties as set out below.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
Why might you share my personal information with third parties?
We will share your personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the working relationship with you or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
Which third-party service providers process my personal information?
“Third parties” includes third-party service providers (including contractors and designated agents) and other entities within our group. The following activities are carried out by third-party service providers: IT services, software database providers for the purposes of administering your subscription, payment processing providers.
How secure is my information with third-party service providers and other entities in our group?
All our third-party service providers and other entities in the group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
When might you share my personal information with other entities in the group?
We will share your personal information with other entities in our group as part of our regular reporting activities on company performance, in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise, for system maintenance support and hosting of data.
International Transfers
We process your personal data involving transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (
EEA
).
Some of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (
EEA
) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for seven years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete your data: see
Request erasure
below for further information.
In some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Data storage
Data is held in UnHerd Limited using different (multiple) servers.
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, you have legal rights under data protection law in relation to the personal data that we hold about you. These rights are:
To request access
to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
To request correction
of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
To request erasure
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
To object to processing
of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
To request the restriction of processing
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
To request the transfer
of your personal information to another party. In this case, we can provide you, or a third party chosen by you, with your personal data in a machine-readable format. This right only applies o automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the personal data to perform a contract with you.
Right to withdraw consent
Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data you have the right to withdraw this. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, set out above, please contact The Data Protection Manager,
dpo@unherd.com
in writing.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to this privacy notice
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and we will provide you with a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information.
GLOSSARY
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based in the UK who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers
acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK who provide consultancy, accounting, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators such as the Financial Conduct Authority and other authorities
acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.