Privacy Policy
Last updated 14.10.2021
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record data such as how often you engage with the Products, the events that occur within the Products, aggregated usage and performance data, and where the Applications were downloaded from. We may link the data we store within the analytics software to any personal data you submit within the mobile application.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate Onrise. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our , and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
2. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
Except with the third party service Amplitude, which we use to collect the data, the data is not shared with anyone. Amplitude may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Amplitude
3. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information.
4. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short:
We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Amplitude's (our third-party service that we use to collect data) servers are located in the USA. If you are accessing the servers from outside, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than two years.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Onrise, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent use of Onrise. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at (
onrise.app@gmail.com
).
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
.
If you would like to access or delete the information we have collected about you, please email
onrise.app@gmail.com
with your Device ID. The Device ID can be viewed by tapping “Show Device ID” at the bottom of Privacy Policy inside the app.
8. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
9. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at
onrise.app@gmail.com
10. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please email
onrise.app@gmail.com
with your Device ID. The Device ID can be viewed by tapping “Show Device ID” at the bottom of the Privacy Policy inside the app.
We don't use any trackers on this website.