Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
We at Recharge value your privacy. Privacy matters when we offer our services through all of our webshops, such as beltegoed.nl, guthaben.de, herladen.com, recharge.fr, mobiletopup.co.uk, rapido.com, and recharge.com, where you can buy top-ups for your phone credit or entertainment cards and prepaid credit cards from different providers online—easily ordered and immediately delivered.
What data is collected
“Customer First” is one of our four core values, and to follow through on this promise, we need to know more about you - while respecting your privacy.
To carry out your purchase agreement, we use the data you provide when you use our services or contact us; this includes your name, email address, residential address, and phone number. Our customer support services additionally use your order ID when you have an inquiry about your order. In addition to this, we may process login credentials, behavioural and browser data, analytical and cookies data, and payment information. Depending on the product and whether an assessment has to be conducted, we may process your ID, passport, and bank details.
Why data is collected
We may use your information for the following purposes:
To process your order;
To prevent and fight fraud and cybercrime using adequate prevention tools and systems;
To improve our services and increase the quality of our webshops, as well as for direct marketing purposes, which may include analysing, segmenting into profiles, and building online audiences;
By having a better understanding of you and your preferences, we can offer a personal and authentic experience, which includes marketing and transactional communications you receive from us, as well as other notifications and advertisements you see in our webshops;
For other essential business purposes.
Duration of the data storage
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, including providing products and services, maintaining accurate records, and complying with legal obligations (as outlined in this privacy statement). Once the data is no longer needed, it will be securely deleted or anonymised unless we’re legally obliged to keep it longer.
Third parties
To process your purchase, we may need to share your data with third parties like payment processing services (such as Klarna, Paypal and Adyen), customer support services, tools that maintain the platform, and others required for the completion of the processing purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement. Rest assured, we will never sell your data to anyone, and all these third parties have been vetted to ensure that your data remains safe and secure.
In a few cases, we might have to pass on personal data to companies outside the European Economic Area. Naturally, the security of your data remains a priority, and we will only do so by applicable law.
Cookies
Our websites use functional, analytical, and tracking cookies. We need functional cookies for the website to function correctly and to complete your purchases. We also place other cookies to offer you tailored web pages. Some of these cookies are placed by external parties. In our Cookie Statement, you will find more information on this topic.
Your rights
If you do not want to receive emails or other communications from us, you may always object to further processing of your personal data and unsubscribe, which you can do by using the unsubscribe link in the email.
You have the legal right to ask us to inspect, rectify, or erase all personal data we’ve stored about you and to object to or limit the processing and transfer of your data in a machine-readable format. Official requests can be sent to
datarequest@recharge.com
. We may ask you for a copy of your identity document or passport in these cases.  If you send us a copy of your identity document or passport, please cover your photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of your passport), passport number, and your citizen service number.
Questions?
If you believe we’re misusing your data or are not answering your questions correctly, please contact our customer care services. If we cannot help you, you can file a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Changes and contact details
We may revise or amend this statement occasionally to reflect changes to our business or changes in the law. We advise you to visit this page regularly to check if there have been any changes. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please send an email to our team at
data-privacy@recharge.com
, our DPO via
dpo@recharge.com
or write to Recharge.com International B.V., Amsteldijk 216 1079 LK, The Netherlands.
Back to top
Recharge fast, safe & simple
Instant digital delivery
You’ll be able to use your digital credit within seconds.
Trusted by millions
We’re proud to have over 5 million customers worldwide and consistent Excellent ratings on TrustPilot.
Pay safely & securely
Order in seconds using your favourite payment method.
We use cookies
Recharge.com uses cookies and other techniques to optimize your visit to our
website(s)
Beltegoed.nl
Beltegoedopwaarderen.nl
Guthaben.de
Herladen.com
Mobiletopup.co.uk
Opwaarderen.eu
Rapido.com
Recharge.com
Recharge.fr
. We and third parties process your data to personalize content, analyze website tracking and behavior and show you advertisements based on your interests. More in our
cookie statement
and
privacy statement
.
I agree
manage preferences
Manage your cookie settings
Functional Cookies
Technical and functional cookies are used to ensure that our websites work properly and are user-friendly.
Personalised cookies on our website(s)
To give you a personalised experience on our websites and to contact you via email when you forget something in your cart.
Personalised experience on other websites
Based on your behaviour, we may show you advertisements and offers on external websites.
Accept all cookies
Save preferences
I agree