We're sorry but WONED doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
WONED
Home
Games
Contact US
Privacy policy:
Presentment clause
Your trust is very important to us. We know the importance of personal information to you. We will take corresponding security protection measures according to the requirements of laws and regulations, and try our best to protect your personal information safe and controllable. In view of this, woned formulates this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy / this Privacy Policy") and reminds you that:
This policy applies to all products and services provided by woned. If woned's products or services are used in the products or services of our affiliated companies (such as logging in with woned account), but there is no independent privacy policy, this policy also applies to the products or services.
It should be noted that this policy does not apply to services provided to you by other independent third parties, nor does it apply to products or services that have separate legal statements and privacy policies in woned. For example, when a third party on woned provides services to you based on this, the personal information you provide to the third party does not apply to this privacy policy. Woned does not assume any responsibility for any third party using the information provided by you.
Before using woned's products or services, you must carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy, especially the terms marked by bold / bold underline. You should focus on reading and use relevant products or services after confirming full understanding and consent. Once you start using woned's products or services, you fully understand and agree to this policy.
Part I definition
Woned services: Based on the Internet, woned provides various services to you in various forms including woned website, client, etc. (including new service forms emerging in the future technological development).
Woned service provider: WONED TECHNOLOGY LIMITED.
User: hereinafter referred to as "you" or "user" refers to the individual or organization that registers, logs in, uses, browses and obtains services under this policy.
Personal information: information that is recorded by electronic means or other means, which can identify individual natural persons or reflect the activities of a particular natural person by combining information alone or with other information, including the name of natural person, date of birth, identity card number, personal biometric information, address, telephone number, etc.
Personal sensitive information: personal information, which is likely to cause damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health or discriminatory treatment, if it divulge, illegally provide or abuse personal and property safety, including personal identification number, personal biometric information, bank account, property information, track of whereabouts, communication content, minor information, health and physiological information, etc.
Personal information deletion: refers to the behavior of removing personal information from the system involved in the realization of daily business functions, so that it can not be retrieved and accessed.
Part II privacy policy
This privacy policy section will help you understand the following:
1、 How woned collects and uses information
2、 How woned shares, transfers and publicly discloses information
3、 Use of cookies
4、 Information storage
5、 How woned protects your information
6、 How do you manage your information
7、 How does woned process information about minors
8、 How to update this privacy policy
9、 Dispute resolution
10、 How to contact us
1、 How woned collects and uses information
When you use our products and / or services, we need / may need to collect and use your personal information, including the following two types:
1. In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products and / or services, you must authorize us to collect and use the necessary information. If you refuse to provide relevant information, you will not be able to use our products and / or services normally.
2. In order to provide you with additional functions of our products and / or services, you can choose to authorize us to collect and use the information. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions or achieve the function effect we intend to achieve, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of our products and / or services.
（1） Collection and use of basic function information
1. When you register and log in to woned account, you need to provide us with the following information: account name, avatar (if any) and mobile phone number (for real name authentication). By providing the above information and agreeing to the user registration agreement and this policy, you can use woned to watch live content and release barrage information. If you choose not to provide the necessary information for realizing woned's basic business functions or for using one of these functions, we will be unable to provide services for you.
2. Browse and focus on functions. The content you can browse includes the anchor live room, anchor dynamic, woned video, woned audio. In the process of browsing, you can also pay attention to the anchors and users you are interested in. For this purpose, we will collect the device information when you use woned, including device model, unique device identifier, operating system, resolution, software and hardware information of telecom operators. We also collect your browser types to provide you with the best solution for page presentation.
3. Information release function. After you register as a woned user, you can send bullet screen, release news and evaluate the dynamic content of other users in the live broadcast room. In this process, the browser and our device will collect information.
（2） Collection and use of additional function information
1. Additional features based on camera / camera. You can use this function to scan the code after turning on the camera / camera authority. It can be used for login, payment, photo or video upload and sharing, as well as face recognition authorized by you in specific scenes. When you use this additional function for face recognition, we will collect your facial features and use them strictly within the scope of your authorization.
2. Additional features of microphone based voice technology. You can use the microphone to realize voice chat or recording after the microphone permission is turned on. In the process, we will collect your recordings. Please be aware that even if you have agreed to turn on the microphone permission, we will only get voice information through the microphone when you actively click the microphone icon in the client.
3. Positioning function. When you turn on the device location function and use woned's location-based services, we will obtain your geographic location information through IP address, GPS, WLAN or base station.
4. Customer service. When you file a complaint, appeal or consultation with woned, we may need your name, mobile phone number and email to facilitate contact with you or help you solve the problem. If you refuse to provide the above information, we may not be able to provide timely feedback on complaints, complaints or consultation results.
5. Payment function. You can buy power gift props and member value-added services at woned. During your payment process, we may collect your third-party payment account number.
6. Security. In order to improve the security of services provided by us, our affiliated companies and partners, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from infringement, and better prevent phishing website, fraud, network vulnerability, computer virus, network attack, network intrusion and other security risks, we may use or integrate your account information, transaction information and equipment information , service log information and the information that our affiliated companies and partners obtain your authorization or share according to the law, to comprehensively judge the transaction risk of your account, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures.
7. Marketing activities. We will hold online and offline marketing activities from time to time. In such marketing activities, we need users to provide identity information or receiving information so that we can provide ticketing services or send gifts. We may need to collect your mobile phone number for tax collection in the event that woned pays you.
（3） Information from third parties
1. When you log in to woned with a third-party account (Facebook), you can choose to authorize woned to read and obtain the public information (including nickname and avatar) that you have registered, published and recorded on the third party. Woned needs your authorization to obtain the above information from a third party in order to remember your login identity as a woned user in order to provide you with better products and / or services. We will only collect and use your personal information within the scope of your authorization.
After you register or log in with a third-party account, your third-party account will be bound with woned account, but you can choose to close it in [settings → account binding settings] to unbind the account.
2. Your information is included in the information shared by other users.
（4） Sensitive information
Before providing woned with any personal information that is sensitive information, please clearly consider that such provision is appropriate and agree that your personal sensitive information can be processed in the purpose and manner described in this policy.
We will collect and use your sensitive information to realize the functions related to woned's business after obtaining your consent. We also allow you to choose not to accept the collection and use of such sensitive information, but your refusal to use such information will affect your use of the relevant functions.
（5） Exceptions to authorization
Under the following circumstances, we can collect and use some necessary personal information without your authorization and consent:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
3. It is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
4. In order to protect your or other personal life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5. The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by yourself;
6. Collect your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
7. It is necessary to sign and perform the contract according to your requirements;
8. Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of woned's products and / or services, such as the detection and disposal of product or service failures;
9. Necessary for legal news reporting;
10. When it is necessary for an academic research institution to carry out statistical or academic research based on public interest and provide the results of academic research or description to the public, the personal information contained in the results is de identified;
11. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
If we stop operating woned products or services, we will stop collecting your personal information in a timely manner. We will notify you of the suspension in the form of one by one delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information related to the closed business held by us.
2、 How woned shares, transfers and publicly discloses information
（1） Share
Woned assumes confidentiality obligations with respect to your information and will not sell or lease any of your information except:
1. Sharing under legal circumstances: we may share your personal information with the public in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, the needs of litigation and dispute resolution, or the requirements put forward by administrative and judicial organs according to law.
2. Share with explicit consent: with your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with others.
3. To the extent required or permitted by law, it is necessary to provide your personal information to a third party in order to protect the interests, property or safety of woned, its users or the public.
4. Sharing with related companies: in order to facilitate us to provide products or services to you based on woned account, recommend information that you may be interested in, and identify abnormal woned account, your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies and / or their designated service providers. We will only share the necessary personal information and be bound by the purpose stated in this privacy policy. If we share your personal sensitive information or the affiliated company changes the use and processing purpose of personal information, we will seek your authorization again.
5. Sharing with authorized partners: in order to provide you with more perfect and high-quality products and services, we may entrust authorized partners to provide you with certain services or perform functions on our behalf. We will only share your information for the legitimate, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes stated in this privacy policy statement, and authorized partners can only access the places where they perform their duties Information is required and should not be used for any other purpose. At the same time, we will sign strict confidentiality agreement with our partners. If you refuse our partners to collect personal information necessary to provide the services, you may not be able to use the third-party services in woned.
At present, our authorized partners include the following types:
Authorized partner of advertising and analysis services. Unless we get your permission, we will not share your personal information with partners of advertising and analysis services. For advertising partners, we may provide them with information about the coverage and effectiveness of their advertisements rather than your personal identification information, or we anonymize the information so that it does not recognize you personally. For data analysis partners, in order to better analyze the usage of woned users, we may provide woned users with the number, regional distribution, activity and other data, but we will only provide these partners with statistical information that cannot identify their personal identity.
Suppliers, service providers and other partners. We send information to suppliers, service providers and other partners that support our business globally, including technical infrastructure services that we are commissioned to provide, analyze how our services are used, measure the effectiveness of advertising and services, provide customer service, facilitate payment, or conduct academic research and research.
We will conduct strict security tests on the application program interface (API) and software tool development kit (SDK) for the authorized partner to obtain relevant information, and agree with the authorized partner on strict data protection measures, so that the authorized partner can process personal information in accordance with our entrusted purpose, service description, this Privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（2） Assignment
Woned will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual except:
1. With your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. In case of merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation of woned service provider, or other situations involving merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy; otherwise, we will require the company, organization or individual to seek your authorization and consent again.
（3） Public disclosure
Woned will only disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
1. With your explicit consent or based on your active choice, we may disclose your personal information publicly;
2. If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated woned related agreements and rules, or to protect the personal and property safety of woned users or the public, we may disclose personal information about you in accordance with laws and regulations or with your consent.
（4） Exception of prior authorization for sharing, transferring and public disclosure of personal information
In the following circumstances, your authorization and consent are not required to share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information:
1. Related to national security and national defense security;
2. Related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
3. Related to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
4. In order to protect your or other personal life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5. Personal information that you disclose to the public by yourself;
6. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, etc;
7. When it is necessary for an academic research institution to carry out statistical or academic research based on public interest and provide the results of academic research or description to the public, the personal information contained in the results is de identified;
8. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Please note that if we take technical measures and other necessary measures to process the personal information, so that the data receiver can not re identify specific individuals and cannot be recovered, the sharing, transfer and public disclosure of such processed data need not be further informed and agreed by you.
3、 Use of cookies
To make your access experience easier, woned may identify you through a small data file when you visit the woned website or use the services provided by woned. This can help you avoid the steps of repeatedly entering registration information, or help you determine the security of your account. These data files may be cookies, flash cookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated application (collectively, "cookies"). Please understand that some of woned's services can only be implemented by using "cookie". If your browser or browser add-on services allow, you can modify the acceptance of cookies or reject woned's cookies, but in some cases, this action may affect your safe access to woned related websites and the use of woned's services.
4、 Information storage
We promise to keep your personal information only for the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose stated in the cost policy. However, under the following circumstances, we may change the storage time of personal information due to legal requirements:
1. To comply with applicable laws and regulations;
2. To comply with the provisions of the judgment, ruling or other legal procedures of the court;
3. To comply with the requirements of government agencies or legally authorized organizations;
4. Use reasonably necessary to implement the woned agreement or this policy, safeguard the public interest, and protect the personal safety or other legitimate rights and interests of woned and its affiliated companies, other users or employees.
After your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete your personal information or make it anonymous.
5、 How woned protects your information
In order to ensure your information security, woned has taken all kinds of reasonable and feasible physical, electronic and management security measures in line with industry standards to protect your information, so that your information will not be leaked, damaged or lost, including but not limited to the deployment of host intrusion detection system, encryption storage of important sensitive data, and log security audit.
Woned has taken strict management on employees who may have access to your information, including but not limited to taking different access control according to different positions, signing confidentiality agreements with them, and monitoring their operation. Woned will provide corresponding security measures according to the existing technology to protect your information and provide reasonable security protection. Woned will try its best to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged or lost.
Your account has security protection function, please keep your account number and password information properly. Woned will ensure that your information will not be lost, abused or altered through security measures such as backup to other servers and encryption of user passwords. The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. Despite the above security measures, please understand that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
When using woned service for online transactions, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information, such as bank account information, contact information or postal address, to the trading partner or potential trading partner. We strongly recommend that you do not send your message using communication methods other than those recommended by woned. Provide your personal information to others only when necessary. If you find your personal information leaked, especially your account number and password, please contact woned customer service immediately so that woned can take corresponding measures.
After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you of the basic information and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions that you can independently prevent and reduce the risk, and the remedial measures for you, etc. We will inform you of the relevant information by e-mail, letter, telephone, push notification and so on. When it is difficult to inform the personal information subject one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to release an announcement. At the same time, we will report the disposal of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
6、 How do you manage your information
（1） Information management
Woned attaches great importance to your attention to personal information, and does its best to protect your right to access, correct and delete your personal information, so that you have the full ability to protect your privacy and security. Your rights include:
1. You can access and modify your mobile phone number information through [account number → personal center → account setting → mobile phone];
2. You can access and modify the account password you set through account number personal center account setting password;
3. You can access your real name authentication / ID card authentication information through [account number → personal center → account setting → real name authentication / ID card authentication];
4. You can access and modify your bank card information through [account number → personal center → account setting → bank card];
5. You can access and modify your wechat account through [account number → personal center → third party account binding];
6. You can access and delete friends and related conversation information through [account number → personal center → station letter];
7. You can access and cancel the following anchors and live broadcasting rooms through [account number → personal center → my attention];
8. You can access the power consumption and game currency quantity of your gifts, nobles, tickets, videos, etc. through [account number → personal center → consumption record]
You have the right to ask us to make corrections or supplements when you find that we have errors in processing your information. In the process of providing services, you may need to open some device permissions, such as notification, photo album, camera, microphone, mobile phone address book, Bluetooth, etc. You can choose to turn off some or all permissions at any time in the [settings] function of the device to refuse woned to collect your personal information. In different devices, the mode of authority display and shutdown may be different. Please refer to the instructions or guidelines of the equipment and system developers for details.
（2） User authorization revocation
You can revoke the authorization you have agreed through the following ways:
1. Contact woned official online customer service
2. Send email to service@woned.net
Once your authorization is withdrawn, woned will no longer process the corresponding personal information. Please understand that due to the revocation of your authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the specific functions or / and services corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent or authorization. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
（3） Personal information copy acquisition
You can obtain a copy of your personal information by:
1. Woned contact official online
2. Send email to service@woned.net
Woned will provide you with a copy of your personal information within 10 working days.
7、 How does woned process information about minors
Woned's products, websites and services are primarily for adults. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should read this policy in the presence of a guardian before using our products and / or services. You should ensure that you have obtained the consent of your guardian to use our services and provide us with your information.
If your guardian does not agree that you use our services or provide us with information in accordance with this policy, please immediately terminate your use of our services and inform us in a timely manner.
In the case of collecting personal information of minors with the consent of their parents or legal guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose such information if it is permitted by law, explicitly agreed by parents or guardians, or necessary to protect minors.
If you are the guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the use of our services or the user information provided to us by the minors under your supervision, please contact us in time. We will protect the confidentiality and security of the information of minor users in accordance with the relevant national laws and regulations and the provisions of this policy. If we find that we have collected personal information about minors without the prior consent of a verifiable parent or legal guardian, we will delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
8、 How to update this privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change.
Woned will not limit your rights under this policy without your express consent. We will inform you of any changes made to this policy in a timely manner by means of on-site letters and pop-up push notices.
For major changes, woned may also provide more significant notices of specific changes to this policy, depending on the circumstances.
Major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Woned's service model has changed significantly. For example, the purpose of personal information processing, the type of personal information processing, the use of personal information, etc;
2. Woned has undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as the change of owners caused by business adjustment, bankruptcy and merger, etc;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. Significant changes have taken place in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and the way in which you exercise it;
5. Woned's department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channels have changed;
6. Personal information security impact assessment report shows that there is a high risk
If you do not agree with the revised privacy policy, you have the right and should immediately stop using woned's services. If you continue to use woned's services, you will be deemed to have accepted woned's changes to the relevant provisions of this policy.
9、 Dispute resolution
If any dispute or dispute arises between you and woned due to the policy of this agreement, it shall be settled through friendly negotiation; if the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute or dispute to woned's court.
10、 How to contact us
You can contact us in the following ways:
1. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this policy, you can contact woned online customer service. We also set up a personal information protection department, you can contact us by email.
Email: service@woned.net
CONNECT WITH US
Email:     service@woned.net
QUICK LINK
Terms of service
Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2021 Woned.