Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
We may use third party service providers to provide certain services to you and us and we may share personal information with such service providers.
Email marketing: we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at ClearJellyStamper@gmail.com or mailing us at:
Clear Jelly Stamper
108-2374 Bering Road, Westbank British Columbia CA V4T 3J6
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Google analytics:
Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at ClearJellyStamper@gmail.com or by mail at
Clear Jelly Stamper
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
108-2374 Bering Road Westbank British Columbia CA V4T 3J6
----
IMPORTANT!
If you’re a store owner, please make sure you have
Customer accounts enabled in your Store Admin
, as you have customer based locks set up with EasyLockdown app.
Enable Customer Accounts
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.clearjellystamper.com/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
In addition, you agree to our Messaging Terms (https://terms.pscr.pt/legal/shop/clear-jelly-stamper-2/terms_of_service) and Messaging Privacy Policy (https://terms.pscr.pt/legal/shop/clear-jelly-stamper-2/privacy_policy).
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
Text marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send text messages about our store, new products, and other updates. Updates include Checkout Reminders. Webhooks will be used to trigger the Checkout Reminders messaging system.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at ClearJellyStamper@gmail.com or mailing us at:
Clear Jelly Stamper
108-2374 Bering Road Westbank British Columbia CA V4T 3J6
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Google analytics:
Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at ClearJellyStamper@gmail.com or by mail at
Clear Jelly Stamper
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
108-2374 Bering Road Westbank British Columbia CA V4T 3J6
----
IMPORTANT!
If you’re a store owner, please make sure you have
Customer accounts enabled in your Store Admin
, as you have customer based locks set up with EasyLockdown app.
Enable Customer Accounts
Search here...
Cancel
Popular products
Clear Jelly Stamper
GLOW! 2 for $9.00
$9.00
Clear Jelly Stamper
GLOW! - Stamping Polish (5ml)
1
$5.00
Out of stock
Clear Jelly Stamper
Stamping Polish Kit - Glow in the Dark (7 Colors)
1
$34.65
Your cart is currently empty.
Click here to continue shopping
.
Shop Now
Back
New Arrivals
Back
New Arrivals
January New Releases
March New Releases
Stampers
Plates
Back
Shop All Plates
Valentine's
St. Patrick's Day
Easter
Halloween
Christmas
Celebrate & Commemorate
Around the Globe
Sports, Arts & Academics
Polish
Back
Shop All Polish
Specialty Stamping Polish
Stamping Base & Top Coats
Stamping Polish Kits
On Sale Stamping Polish
Bundle it!
Back
Bundle & Save!
Starter Kits
You Choose - 4 Large Stamping Plates (14 x 9)
You Choose - 4 Medium Stamping Plates (8 x 8)
You Choose - 4 Small Stamping Polish (6 x 6)
You Choose - 6 Stamping Polishes (5 ml)
You Choose - 13 Stamping Polishes (5 ml)
You Choose - 1 Stamper, 3 Polishes (5ml), & 2 Plates (14x9)
Accessories
Back
Shop All Accessories
Set up your Desk!
Swag
Stamping Essentials
Replace Me!
Storage Stamping Tools
Stamping Enhancements
On Sale
Back
On Sale - Stamping Plates
On Sale - Stamping Polish
On Sale - Accessories
On Sale - Koko Gel Polish
Almost Nailed It
Collab
Back
Celina Ryden Collection
Bohemia Stamping
Gel-ly Wraps
Back
Gel-ly Wraps
Gel-ly Wrap Accessories
Gel-ly Wrap Starter Kit
Join the Club
Back
Plate of the Month (2 - 8x8 plates)
Plate of the Month PLUS+ (2 - 5 ml polishes)
Preview current month HERE!
Previous Months Sets
Koko & Claire - Gel
Back
New Arrivals
Back
New Arrivals
Shop all New Arrivals
Gel Polish
Back
Gel Polish
Shop all Gel Polish
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
Pink
Shimmers
Foundations
Back
Foundations
Shop all Foundations
Top Coats
Builders
Accessories & Lamps
Back
Accessories & Lamps
Shop all Accessories & Lamps
Brushes
Lamps
Glam & Go
Files
Blings & Things
Back
Blings & Things
Shop all Blings & Things
Chromes
Glitters
Inks
Kits & Bundles
Back
Kits & Bundles
Shop all Kits & Bundles
On Sale!
About Us
Country/region
Afghanistan (USD $)
Åland Islands (USD $)
Albania (USD $)
Algeria (USD $)
Andorra (USD $)
Angola (USD $)
Anguilla (USD $)
Antigua & Barbuda (USD $)
Argentina (USD $)
Armenia (USD $)
Aruba (USD $)
Ascension Island (USD $)
Australia (USD $)
Austria (USD $)
Azerbaijan (USD $)
Bahamas (USD $)
Bahrain (USD $)
Bangladesh (USD $)
Barbados (USD $)
Belarus (USD $)
Belgium (USD $)
Belize (USD $)
Benin (USD $)
Bermuda (USD $)
Bhutan (USD $)
Bolivia (USD $)
Bosnia & Herzegovina (USD $)
Botswana (USD $)
Brazil (USD $)
British Indian Ocean Territory (USD $)
British Virgin Islands (USD $)
Brunei (USD $)
Bulgaria (USD $)
Burkina Faso (USD $)
Burundi (USD $)
Cambodia (USD $)
Cameroon (USD $)
Canada (CAD $)
Cape Verde (USD $)
Caribbean Netherlands (USD $)
Cayman Islands (USD $)
Central African Republic (USD $)
Chad (USD $)
Chile (USD $)
China (USD $)
Christmas Island (USD $)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (USD $)
Colombia (USD $)
Comoros (USD $)
Congo - Brazzaville (USD $)
Congo - Kinshasa (USD $)
Cook Islands (USD $)
Costa Rica (USD $)
Côte d’Ivoire (USD $)
Croatia (USD $)
Curaçao (USD $)
Cyprus (USD $)
Czechia (USD $)
Denmark (USD $)
Djibouti (USD $)
Dominica (USD $)
Dominican Republic (USD $)
Ecuador (USD $)
Egypt (USD $)
El Salvador (USD $)
Equatorial Guinea (USD $)
Eritrea (USD $)
Estonia (USD $)
Eswatini (USD $)
Ethiopia (USD $)
Falkland Islands (USD $)
Faroe Islands (USD $)
Fiji (USD $)
Finland (USD $)
France (USD $)
French Guiana (USD $)
French Polynesia (USD $)
French Southern Territories (USD $)
Gabon (USD $)
Gambia (USD $)
Georgia (USD $)
Germany (USD $)
Ghana (USD $)
Gibraltar (USD $)
Greece (USD $)
Greenland (USD $)
Grenada (USD $)
Guadeloupe (USD $)
Guatemala (USD $)
Guernsey (USD $)
Guinea (USD $)
Guinea-Bissau (USD $)
Guyana (USD $)
Haiti (USD $)
Honduras (USD $)
Hong Kong SAR (USD $)
Hungary (USD $)
Iceland (USD $)
India (USD $)
Indonesia (USD $)
Iraq (USD $)
Ireland (USD $)
Isle of Man (USD $)
Israel (USD $)
Italy (USD $)
Jamaica (USD $)
Japan (USD $)
Jersey (USD $)
Jordan (USD $)
Kazakhstan (USD $)
Kenya (USD $)
Kiribati (USD $)
Kosovo (USD $)
Kuwait (USD $)
Kyrgyzstan (USD $)
Laos (USD $)
Latvia (USD $)
Lebanon (USD $)
Lesotho (USD $)
Liberia (USD $)
Libya (USD $)
Liechtenstein (USD $)
Lithuania (USD $)
Luxembourg (USD $)
Macao SAR (USD $)
Madagascar (USD $)
Malawi (USD $)
Malaysia (USD $)
Maldives (USD $)
Mali (USD $)
Malta (USD $)
Martinique (USD $)
Mauritania (USD $)
Mauritius (USD $)
Mayotte (USD $)
Mexico (USD $)
Moldova (USD $)
Monaco (USD $)
Mongolia (USD $)
Montenegro (USD $)
Montserrat (USD $)
Morocco (USD $)
Mozambique (USD $)
Myanmar (Burma) (USD $)
Namibia (USD $)
Nauru (USD $)
Nepal (USD $)
Netherlands (USD $)
New Caledonia (USD $)
New Zealand (USD $)
Nicaragua (USD $)
Niger (USD $)
Nigeria (USD $)
Niue (USD $)
Norfolk Island (USD $)
North Macedonia (USD $)
Norway (USD $)
Oman (USD $)
Pakistan (USD $)
Palestinian Territories (USD $)
Panama (USD $)
Papua New Guinea (USD $)
Paraguay (USD $)
Peru (USD $)
Philippines (USD $)
Pitcairn Islands (USD $)
Poland (USD $)
Portugal (USD $)
Qatar (USD $)
Réunion (USD $)
Romania (USD $)
Russia (USD $)
Rwanda (USD $)
Samoa (USD $)
San Marino (USD $)
São Tomé & Príncipe (USD $)
Saudi Arabia (USD $)
Senegal (USD $)
Serbia (USD $)
Seychelles (USD $)
Sierra Leone (USD $)
Singapore (USD $)
Sint Maarten (USD $)
Slovakia (USD $)
Slovenia (USD $)
Solomon Islands (USD $)
Somalia (USD $)
South Africa (USD $)
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands (USD $)
South Korea (USD $)
South Sudan (USD $)
Spain (USD $)
Sri Lanka (USD $)
St. Barthélemy (USD $)
St. Helena (USD $)
St. Kitts & Nevis (USD $)
St. Lucia (USD $)
St. Martin (USD $)
St. Pierre & Miquelon (USD $)
St. Vincent & Grenadines (USD $)
Sudan (USD $)
Suriname (USD $)
Svalbard & Jan Mayen (USD $)
Sweden (USD $)
Switzerland (USD $)
Taiwan (USD $)
Tajikistan (USD $)
Tanzania (USD $)
Thailand (USD $)
Timor-Leste (USD $)
Togo (USD $)
Tokelau (USD $)
Tonga (USD $)
Trinidad & Tobago (USD $)
Tristan da Cunha (USD $)
Tunisia (USD $)
Türkiye (USD $)
Turkmenistan (USD $)
Turks & Caicos Islands (USD $)
Tuvalu (USD $)
U.S. Outlying Islands (USD $)
Uganda (USD $)
Ukraine (USD $)
United Arab Emirates (USD $)
United Kingdom (USD $)
United States (USD $)
Uruguay (USD $)
Uzbekistan (USD $)
Vanuatu (USD $)
Vatican City (USD $)
Venezuela (USD $)
Vietnam (USD $)
Wallis & Futuna (USD $)
Western Sahara (USD $)
Yemen (USD $)
Zambia (USD $)
Zimbabwe (USD $)
Sub-policy 1
https://hcaptcha.com/privacy:
DE
-
ES
-
FR
-
PT
-
PT (BR)
Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 23, 2024
Welcome to hCaptcha! This Privacy Policy describes the practices of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI", "we" or "us") regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of information (including Personal Information, defined below) through our website at www.hcaptcha.com and any other subdomains or domains we use (the "Sites") and the hCaptcha application program interface and related software and materials (collectively, the "Service").
Not Applicable to Third Party Websites. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website, offering, product or service of any third party, even if it links to our Site or incorporates the Service – please refer to the applicable privacy policies before deciding to provide any information to third parties.
A Note to Customers Outside the United States.
IMI is based in the United States. The Sites and Service are controlled and operated by us from the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Sites and Service you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
‍
A Note to California Residents
. Please see our "Notice to California Residents" section related to your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). At or before the time of collection, California residents may have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of Personal Information to be collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained. You can find those details within this Privacy Policy.
‍
A Note to European Economic Area Residents.
Please see our "Notice to EU Data Subjects" section related to your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and our Data Privacy Framework notice below.
Note that IMI is the controller of your personal information, except where we process personal information on behalf of our Integrators in connection with the provision of our Service, in which case we are the processor/service provider of personal information, and those Integrators are the controllers/businesses of the personal information.
‍
Where we act as a processor/service provider for our Integrators, we do not use the personal information collected for any purpose other than as reasonably necessary to provide our Service, and our processing will be governed by the contracts that we have in place with our Integrators, not this Privacy Policy
.
If a contract we have with an Integrator refers to, or incorporates by reference, this Privacy Policy, any personal information we process on behalf of the Integrator will be subject to the Data Processing Addendum, not this Privacy Policy.
In some cases, we may license our software to Integrators and/or operate it within their environment on their behalf, in which case we are solely a licensor of software and only their terms and privacy policy shall apply to such personal data.
We may reference or describe some personal data collected from End-Users throughout this Privacy Policy. However, these disclosures are for informational purposes only and, for clarity, the processing of End-User personal data is governed by the agreement we have with our Integrator customers, not this Privacy Policy.
Processing of EU Data Subject data operates under the legal basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) integrated within the Data Processing Addendum to our Terms of Service or Data Processing Agreements with our Integrators.
If you have any questions or concerns about how such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Service to process this data. We will, however, provide assistance to our Integrators to address any concerns you may have, in accordance with the terms of our contract with them.
‍
Data Privacy Framework
‍
Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IM") complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  IM has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  IM has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Scope:
IM adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to personal data of individuals in the European Economic Area member states, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to the personal data of individuals in Switzerland ("Covered Individuals") processed by Intuition Machines, Inc. as part of providing our Services ("Personal Data").
Data processed:
IM provides cloud security services that may be included in other websites and apps, or used within the customer's server environment. In providing these services, IM seeks to minimize collection and retention of data, and maintains no long-term data about End Users of IM services, but may process the following Personal Data of Covered Individuals in the United States:
Communications metadata (e.g. information on originating IP address or other identifier, date and time of interaction);
Contact information for our customers and their employees with access to the Services, and similar registered user data; and
Service support ticketing information (contact detail for individuals initiating the support request and any other personal data shared as part of the support request).
Purposes for which data is used:
IM may use Personal Data for providing, managing, supporting, deploying, enhancing, or improving our services, as otherwise instructed by the IM customer or other data controller who transmitted, received, or stored the data, or in accordance with contractual requirements. IM may also use Personal Data for other purposes for which the customer or other data controller has obtained the relevant Covered Individual’s consent.
Inquiries and complaints:
If you are a Covered Individual and believe that IM maintains your Personal Data within the scope of our EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, or Swiss-U.S. DPF certifications, you may submit any privacy or data use concerns concerning such data by emailing support@imachines.com or by mail to: Intuition Machines, Inc. 1065 SW 8th St #704, Miami FL 33130, USA Attention: Privacy
IM will respond within 45 days of receiving the communication. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IM") commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
If neither IM nor our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration as provided under the Data Privacy Framework Program. See Data Privacy Framework website at:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
Third parties who may receive Personal Data:
IM may disclose Personal Data to its affiliates, as well as to a limited number of third-party business partners, service providers, vendors, suppliers and other contractors (collectively, "Service Providers") for the purpose of assisting us in providing, managing, deploying, enhancing, or improving our services. IM maintains contracts with these IM affiliates and Service Providers restricting their access, use and disclosure of Personal Data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and IM may be liable if such parties fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We also may share or disclose Personal Data to the extent that the customer or other data controller has obtained the relevant Covered Individual's consent.
Your rights to access, to limit use, and to limit disclosure:
Covered Individuals have rights to access their stored Personal Data and to limit its use and disclosure. With our Data Privacy Framework certification, 8x8 has committed to respect those rights. If you are an Covered Individual and you wish to request access to or to limit use or disclosure of your Personal Data, please contact us by email to privacy@imachines.com or by mail to: Intuition Machines, Inc. 1065 SW 8th St #704, Miami FL 33130, USA Attention: Privacy
U.S. Federal Trade Commission enforcement:
IM's commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission or the applicable United States authorized statutory body.
Compelled disclosure:
IM may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, or administrative or judicial process, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
‍
‍
Information We Collect
We collect information from individuals who interact with our Sites and Services, including those who incorporate our Service into their website ("Integrators"), those who utilize the services for data labeling ("Customers"), and the end users who interact with our Service through the websites of our Integrators ("End-Users").
We collect the following categories of information:
Information that can be used to identify or contact an individual ("Personal Information"), such as name, email address, and country. We collect Personal Information from our current and prospective Integrators and Customers when they give it directly to us (for example, by filling in a form when signing up for an account, or applying to receive email notifications from us). We may also verify the identity of our Integrators and Customers by comparing personal information against third party databases or official legal documents.
Information collected automatically as a result of an Integrator’s or Customer’s use of the Sites or the Services ("Analytics Information"), such as IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp of access, and other similar information. Some Analytics Information is collected on our behalf by third parties we engage for that purpose, and some Analytics Information is collected through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies (see "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" below).
Information collected as a result of End-Users answering prompts through the Service ("Labeled Data"), such as image labeling data, text converted from audio files played to those End-Users, answers to questions, and other prompts generated by the Service for purposes of labeling data for use in machine learning applications. Note that Labeled Data is not tied to any identified individual.
Other information collected from End-Users as part of the Service to that is required to determine whether they
are human, such as mouse movements, scroll position, keypress events, touch events, and similar information as applicable.
We may collect additional information from End-Users who wish to work with us as Individual Data Labelers.
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To administer Integrator and Customer accounts and provide the Service. We use Personal Information in order to associate specific accounts with  Integrators and Customers and to provide them the Service, to respond to requests or inquiries, to provide support or technical assistance, and to facilitate payments.
To improve to Site and the Service. We use Analytics Information to improve our existing and develop new services and offerings and to customize existing and future product offerings.
To derive market insights. We use Analytics Information to analyze the market and conduct business analyses related to the Site and our Services, and for other research purposes.
To provide a market for Labeled Data. Our Service enables high volume data labeling and human review for machine learning systems as a service to website owners and companies who need help getting their data labeled. To that end, we disclose Labeled Data to our Customers interested in acquiring Labeled Data.
To secure our services and systems. We use Analytics Information to secure our systems by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities, and to otherwise protect the information we collect.
For any legitimate business purpose, provided that the information is de-identified or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual.
How We Share Information
We share or disclose personal information in the following cases:
Upon direct request from an Integrator to identify the fraud risk of a specific CAPTCHA challenge request or IP address, or otherwise where specific consent was given.
With vendors we engage to provide essential aspects of the Sites and the Service, such as data storage, hosting, and Analytics, and only for those purposes.
As necessary to comply with applicable law, including governmental requests, law enforcement requests, and otherwise to public and private entities in order to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others.
With others for any legitimate business purpose, provided the information is de-identified
or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual.
Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies
As discussed above, we (and our third party vendors) collect Analytics Information in part through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. In some instance, we work with third party vendors to employ cookies for the purposes of collecting Analytics Information.
We use Sentry to collect debugging data when a user experiences an error. For information on how Sentry collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use Cloudflare to optimize our web traffic. For information on how Cloudflare collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use the Reddit conversion pixel to track and measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns on Reddit. For information on how Reddit collects and process data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use TypeForm to conduct surveys. For information on how TypeForm collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
If you would prefer not to block the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, please see "Managing Your Information," below. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Sites or Service, as some features may not work properly.
How We Secure Information
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information we collect and store, and require all agents who carry out our processing on our behalf to do the same. Unfortunately, no security measures are 100% foolproof, and as such no network or system (including ours) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information we collect and store. If you believe your information may not be secure for any reason, please contact us immediately at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Warranty Disclaimers
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Site and the Service (and any other associated services, information, data, features, and other content or materials) are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, IMI excludes all warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Managing Your Information (Your Rights)
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
• Confirm Whether We Are Processing Your Personal Information (the right to know);
• Access to and Portability of Your Personal Information, including: (i) obtaining access to or a copy of your Personal Information; and (ii) receiving an electronic copy of Personal Information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company in a structured, commonly used, and machine readable format (also known as the “right of data portability”);
• Request Correction of your Personal Information where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
• Request Deletion of your Personal Information;
• Request to Opt-Out of Certain Processing Activities including, as applicable, if we process your Personal Information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws),  if we “sell” your Personal Information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in “profiling” in furtherance of certain “decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects” concerning you (as such terms are defined by applicable privacy laws); and
• Appeal our Decision to decline to process your request.
Please note that listing these rights above does not mean that we necessarily undertake any activity in which they would be relevant or applicable. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at: support@hcaptcha.com. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If applicable laws grant you an appeal right and you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
Please note that IMI is not able to fulfill requests it receives from individuals regarding Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of its Integrators. If you have a request related to Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of an Integrator, please contact the relevant Integrator directly.
‍
If you would prefer to block cookies or other tracking technologies, most browsers and mobile devices all you to change your settings so as to notify you when you receive cookies or other tracking technologies are being used, and to choose whether or not to accept/allow it. Most browsers also allow you to disable or delete existing cookies or to automatically reject future cookies. You may also use third party tools, including browser plug-ins, to control your cookie preferences. Note, however, that if you disable all cookies, some portions of our Sites may not function properly.
Information from Children
Our Sites and Service are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it. Please contact us if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13:
support@hcaptcha.com
Notice to California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
This remainder of this Notice to California Residents only applies toIMI’s processing of Personal Information that is subject to theCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) ("
CCPA
") where IMI is acting in its capacity as a "business". The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of Personal Information IMI has collected about them, and whether IMI disclosed that Personal Information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by IMI
Identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Commercial information.
Internet or other electronic network activity.
Professional or employment-related information
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Service Providers
Service Providers
Service Providers
Service Providers
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in "Information We Collect", "How We Use Information", and "How We Share Information" above, respectively. We will retain Personal Information in accordance with the time periods set forth in "Data Retention."
Additional Disclosures
Disclosure Regarding "Sales" of Personal Information under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "sold" any Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sale" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Disclosure Regarding "Sharing" for "Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising" under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "shared" any Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sharing" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age for "cross-context behavioral advertising".
Disclosure Regarding Opt-Out Preference Signals. IMI does not "sell" Personal Information or "share" Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" so it does not respond to opt-out preference signals.
Disclosure Regarding Sensitive Personal Information.
IMI only uses and discloses
sensitive P
ersonal Information for the following purposes:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at IMI and to prosecute those responsible for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf,may make a verifiable consumer request related to your PersonalInformation. You may also make a verifiable consumer request onbehalf of your minor child. To authorize an agent, provide writtenaurization signed by you and your designated agent and contact usat
support@hcaptcha.com
for additional instructions.
Verification. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling your request submitted under the CCPA.These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with you, opening a link sent to the contact information provided, and following the instructions on the website you are taken to.
‍
Notice to EU Data Subjects
Personal Information
With respect to EU data subjects, the term "personal information" as used in this Privacy Policy is equivalent to "personal data" as defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Sensitive Data
Some of the information you provide us may constitute sensitive data as defined in the GDPR (also referred to as special categories of personal data), including identification of your race or ethnicity on government-issued identification documents.
Legal Bases for Processing
We only use your personal information as permitted by law. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your personal information, which are described below. If you have questions about the legal bases under which we process your personal information, contact us at support@hcaptcha.com.
Processing Purposes
To communicate with you
To optimize our platform
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety
To provide our service
‍
Legal Basis
These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We attempt to consider and balance any potential impacts on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by any adverse impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Processing Purpose
‍
With your consent
‍
Legal Basis
Where our use of your personal information is based upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated in the Service or by contacting us at support@hcaptcha.com.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR, you have certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Opt-out
Stop sending you direct marketing communications which you have previously consented to receive. We may continue to send you Service-related and other non-marketing communications.
Access
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete
Delete your personal information.
Transfer
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict
Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object
Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
Data Subject Access Rights Requests
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us at support@hcaptcha.com or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator at
this
location.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
As described in our "A Note to Customers Outside the United States" section, please be aware that your personal data will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those in your country of residence. You consent to the transfer of your information, including personal information, to the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy by visiting our Sites or using our Service.
Use for New Purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy, where we are permitted by law to do so and where the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we may notify you and explain the applicable legal basis for that use. If we have relied upon your consent for a particular use of your personal information, we may seek your consent for any unrelated purpose and allow you to terminate your use of the service at that time if you object.
Data Retention
We store your Personal Data securely throughout the life of your account with us. We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting obligations or to resolve disputes. The criteria we use to determine storage periods include the applicable contractual provisions that are in force, legal statutory limitation periods, applicable regulatory requirements, and industry standards.
While retention requirements vary by jurisdiction, information about our typical retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are described below.
Contact information for marketing purposes is retained on an ongoing basis until you un-subscribe. Thereafter we will add your details to our suppression list indefinitely. Email information collected from Accessibility Users will never be used for marketing purposes.
Records of communications with you (e.g. support tickets opened via email or Twitter) may be kept indefinitely.
Information collected via technical means such as cookies, webpage counters and other analytics tools is discarded as soon as practical, but may be kept for a limited period of up to one year from expiry of the cookie, typically in a de-identified and aggregated form unless we detect potential abuse of our service, in which case we will retain that information to aid us in preventing future abuse. We are unable to link this anonymized and aggregated information to you, your household, an IP address, or any personal information based on the information stored.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Cookie Policy
Last updated: July 18, 2020
We understand your privacy is important to you and are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use. This policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Sites and Service.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes. We and our analytics or service providers, marketing partners, and affiliates may use cookies, web beacons, or pixels and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses the Sites has the best possible experience. Please see the "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" section of our Privacy Policy for more details.
GDPR Note
: we believe the hCaptcha anti-bot service (i.e. the Service embedded by websites, games, or mobile apps) includes only so-called "consent-exempt" cookies pursuant to GDPR regulations. Examples of such exempt cookies include:
* Technical cookies strictly necessary for the provision of the service. These include preference cookies, session cookies, load balancing cookies, etc.
* Statistical cookies managed directly by us (i.e. first party, not third-party cookies), where the data is not used for profiling.
This is not legal advice, and no warranties are provided regarding this analysis. If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
‍
The hCaptcha.com and BotStop.com websites (the Sites) may include additional cookies, as described in this Policy.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie ("Cookie") is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will always be used. You can find out more about each cookie by viewing our current cookie list below.
We update this list periodically, so there may be additional cookies that are not yet listed. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used in the Sites or in emails to help us to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
Why do we use Cookies?
We generally use Cookies for the following purposes:
To recognize new or past users.
To store your login session information if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Site and to better understand your visits on our platforms and Site.
To integrate with third party social media websites.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising.
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our Customers and Integrators.
Some Cookies are necessary for certain uses of the Sites, and without such Cookies, we would not be able to provide many services that you need to properly use the Sites. These Cookies, for example, allow us to operate our Sites so you may access it as you have requested and let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Sites.
We also use functional Cookies and Cookies from third parties for analysis and marketing purposes. Functional Cookies enable certain parts of the Sites to work properly and your user preferences to remain known. Analysis Cookies, among other things, collect information on how Customers, Integrators, and End-users use our Sites, the content and products that users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of our third party advertising. Advertising Cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences and having our ads appear at the top of search results. Cookies are either "session" Cookies which are deleted when you end your browser session, or "persistent," which remain until their deletion by you (discussed below) or the party who served the cookie. Full details on all of the Cookies used on the Sites are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below.
How to disable Cookies.
You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit https://www.knowcookies.com/ for detailed guidance.
We may link the information collected by Cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the combined information as set forth herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our Sites may link your name or email address to other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights that are described above under the header "Notice to EU Data Subjects", including the right to inspect and correct or delete the data that we have about you.
Cookie(s) Disclosure
Name:
1. hmt_id
Function
1. Used for strictly necessary anonymous service-related statistics, and for other technical purposes like assisting in accessibility support.
Party
1. 1st party
Type
1. Session
Duration
1. 30 days
Names:
INGRESSCOOKIE,
__cfduid,
__cflb,
session,
sessionid
Function
2. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: load balancing, routing.
‍
See more details.
‍
Party
2. 1st party
Type
2. Session
Duration
2. Varies; up to 30 days.
Name:
hc_accessibility
Function
3. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: enables Accessibility User use.
‍
See more details.
‍
Party
3. 1st party
Type
3. Session
Duration
3. Varies; up to 30 days.
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Impressum (Site Notice)
Last updated: December 23, 2020
hCaptcha is a service of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI"), a Delaware US Corporation (#6393793).
Mailed inquiries may be sent to: Intuition Machines, Inc., 350 Alabama St, San Francisco, CA 94110.
Note while local COVID-19 orders remain in effect there are no guarantees that mail will be received in a timely manner, and email (support@hcaptcha.com) is the correct channel to reach us. The company does not maintain telephone or fax numbers; this is the 21st century.
Information about the current management of the company may be obtained on the About page. The company's current CEO is the managing director responsible for content.
Regulatory authority: US Federal Communications Commission, 45 L Street NE, Washington, DC 20554 USA.
IMI does not commit to, nor is it obliged to participate in, the alternative dispute resolution for consumer disputes in front of a consumer dispute resolution entity.
European Commission official website for Online Dispute Resolution:
‍
http://www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
‍
‍
No guarantees regarding content
All information contained on our internet pages has been validated by IMI or a third party. However, neither IMI nor third parties can be held responsible for information being current, accurate, or complete. This also applies to other websites which can be reached via hyperlinks on our pages. IMI accepts no responsibility for the content of these external websites.
No advice
The information provided on the internet pages does not represent individual advice and cannot replace this. If you need individual advice, please contact our support staff.
Use of this site
The content and design of our web pages are protected under copyright law. Duplication of the pages and their content in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use requires prior written consent from IMI if there are no other legal provisions specified for duplication on the page.
Copyright
All text, images, graphical animation, videos, music, sounds and other material on these pages are protected under copyright law by IMI or third parties if specified. It is forbidden to copy or modify this material for commercial use in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use.
Responsibility for this website
IMI is responsible for this website.
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com