PRIVACY POLICY
TECHNICAL SUPPORT
…
PRIVACY POLICY
TECHNICAL SUPPORT
PRIVACY POLICY
TECHNICAL SUPPORT
…
PRIVACY POLICY
TECHNICAL SUPPORT
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 29th, 2022
Please read this privacy policy carefully. We think very highly of the security of the personal information of our users (hereinafter referred to as "you"). It's important for you to understand how we collect and use your information, our purpose, and how we are protecting your information. When you are using our services, you guarantee that you have read and agree with this privacy policy and our terms of services. If you do not agree with any content in this privacy policy, you should stop using or accessing our services.
Please be reminded that you can contact our data protection officer to request the deletion of your data through the contact information provided by us.
Email Address: jessiestark0201@126.com
This
Privacy Policy
is closely linked to the products and/or services you use. Please read this
Privacy Policy
carefully and make sure you have fully understood its content before any use.
Table of Contents
1.The Collection and Use of Information
2.Share, Transferrence, and Revelation of Personal Information
3.The Storage of Personal Information
4.Information Security
5.Your Rights
6.Minor Protection
7.Updates of Privacy Policy
8.Contact Us
1.The Collection and Use of Personal Information
1.1 When using our product and/or services, you can choose to register an account to log in or enter without an account. When you register an account, you can use an account from a third party, such as Facebook, QQ, WeChat, Line, and Apple, to log in to our product. In doing so, you are required to provide us with your
third party account's avatar, username, account ID
, and other information. You can also choose to directly enter our product as a guest.
1.2 When you are using our products and/or services, we might collect related
device information
from you in order to provide with you continuous and stable network game operation support. Related device information includes
device name, device model, Advertisement Identifiers (include
IDFA
, IDFV), operating system, application version and type related to the operations users execute on devices and behaviors of users, language settings, resolution, mobile endpoint random storage.
1.3 The information you voluntarily send to us includes personal information, which includes and is not limited to
your account, E-mail address, phone number, device ID, system language, APP version
, which you may be required to send to us in situations where you desire to provide us with feedback concerning various problems, such as account management and payment in the course of using our products and/or services. Your act of providing us with such information indicates your consent to our collecting, using, managing, and storing your information in accordance with this privacy policy.
1.4 You can acquire virtual products (used for this game only) related to our products and its related services (i.e.
game items, auto-sub, and in-game Ads-Free, manual subscription, etc.) which may vary in different products.
The above said payment service is provided by Apple. We will only receive verification results confirming that you have completed the payment process from the Apple payment service provider, then provide corresponding products and services to you. If you wish to learn the specific rules as to how Apple service provider collects personal information, please read Apple's privacy policy.
1.5 In order to improve the user experience and convenience of products and/or services, we might collect, via invoking device permissions, your information, the details of which are shown below:
1.5.1 Native or H5 events vary in channels and regions. The
location permission
of the device you are using is required in order to achieve diversity and accuracy.
1.5.2 When you are using related features to voluntarily provide images or save images, we need
write and read permissions to your Album
to ensure that the game functions normally for you.
1.5.3 When you are using related features and need to take photos, we will
request permission to use your camera
in order to ensure the feature works uninterruptedly.
1.5.4 When you are willing to receive related game information, including notifications regarding updates, maintenance, changes, we will request
application notification permission
to be able to notify you.
1.5.5 In order to improve your gameplay, we might request App Tracking permission (please update your system version to the latest.).
Please note that individual device information, application notification permission, application tracking permissions, and others cannot identify specific natural persons' information. If we combine this non-personal information with other information to identify the identities of specific natural persons or combine other personal information together, this type of non-personal information will be regarded as personal information which shall be anonymized and de-identified during the combination period unless you are authorized or the laws and regulations demand otherwise.
1.6 In order to provide you with better products or services, we have integrated third party services (They include but are not limited to
data analysis, third party payment, and advertisement.
) into our products. The third parties we cooperate with and their respective privacy policies are listed below. Please read them carefully. We encourage you to read their privacy policies to learn more information as to how they process data.
2.Share, Transferrence, and Revelation of Personal Information
We promise that we will not share, sell, reveal to 3rd party providers in other ways the information you provide with us and the information we collect from you, or collect your personal information on behalf of 3rd party providers.
3.The Storage of Personal Information
We will store your information according to relevant laws and regulations concerning privacy protection in related countries to ensure that your personal information is protected.
If we cease to provide services or operate, we and the third parties we cooperate with will stop collecting your personal information in time and shall abide by relevant laws and regulations to inform you in advance and delete or anonymize your personal data after we cease to operate or provide services unless laws, regulations or regulatory authorities demand otherwise.
4.Information Security
We use various security technologies and programs to prevent information leakage, misuse, unauthorized access and disclosure. For instance, we use encryption technologies to protect certain sensitive information you provide with us in some of our services. Please be reminded that no data security measure can guarantee 100% security. Please exercise caution when personal information is involved.
5.Your Rights
5.1 Access, update, and deletion of personal information
We think very highly of your right to manage your personal information. But if you choose to delete this information, certain features that require this kind of information to function may become unavailable. Please contact us via the contact information provided in this policy if you wish to check, edit or delete your personal profile. We will take reasonable measures after your identity is verified and your specific requirements are made clear.
5.2 Account Deletion
You can directly contact us via the contact information provided in this privacy policy if you wish to delete your product account, at [Settings] - [Account Deletion] or at other places in the product. When requesting account deletion, we will verify your identity, account security status, and deletion conditions. You may consult our Accout Deletion policy for more details.Your personal information involved with this account will be deleted or anonymized upon game account deletion unless the laws and regulations or this privacy policy demand otherwise.
Please be reminded that, once deleted, you account will be unrecoverable. User caution is advised.
6.Minor Protection
We think highly of the protection of the personal information of minors and continue to explore a better way to protect minors' personal information. We kindly remind all legal guardians to verify whether your pupillus has obtained your consent to use our products and services and provide his/her personal information. Please contact us via the information provided in Section 8 if you have any questions regarding your pupillus' personal information.
7.Updates of Privacy Policy
We might update this privacy policy from time to time. But when we do so, we will inform you in one way or another. Sometimes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the privacy policy provided by our websites and mobile applications. At other times, we may provide you with additional notices (such as adding a statement to the home page of our website or providing you with an in-app notice).
8.Contact Us
Please contact us via the information below presented information if you have any questions about this privacy policy. Our email address is jessiestark0201@126.com.
Technical Support
We value our user's gaming experience. If you encounter any problems during the game, please contact us. We will solve the problem in time to create a better gaming experience for you!
Our contact email address is:
jessiestark0201@126.com
technicalsupportenc56
Website
https://static-assets.sxlcdn.com/images/fb_images/default-sxl.jpg
Cookie的使用
我们使用cookies来确保流畅的浏览体验。若继续，我们认为你接受使用cookies。
确认
了解更多