Hermann Hoelter
Voerreeg 6
27804 Berne
Germany
mail@flugbetrieb.com
Privacy Policy
Personal data (usually referred to just as "data" below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website, including its contents, and the services offered there.

Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the "GDPR"), "processing" refers to any operation or set of operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment, or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.

The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also processing data they collect and control.

Our privacy policy is structured as follows:

I. Information about us as controllers of your data
II. The rights of users and data subjects
III. Information about the data processing

I. Information about us as controllers of your data
The party responsible for this website (the "controller") for purposes of data protection law is:

Hermann Hoelter
Voerreeg 6
27804 Berne
Germany

Email: mail@flugbetrieb.com

II. The rights of users and data subjects
With regard to the data processing to be described in more detail below, users and data subjects have the right

to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data (cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);
to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);
to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said processing per Art. 18 GDPR;
to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);
to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77 GDPR).
In addition, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom it discloses data of any such corrections, deletions, or restrictions placed on processing the same per Art. 16, 17 Para. 1, 18 GDPR. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. Nevertheless, users have a right to information about these recipients.

Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller's future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.

III. Information about the data processing
Your data processed when using our website will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for its storage ceases to apply, provided the deletion of the same is not in breach of any statutory storage obligations or unless otherwise stipulated below.

OpenStreetMap
For directions on our site, we use OpenStreetMap, a service of the OpenStreetMap Foundation, St John's Innovation Centre, Cowley Road, Cambridge, CB4 0WS, United Kingdom, hereinafter referred to as "OpenStreetMap".

When you access one of our Internet pages that includes the OpenStreetMap service, OpenStreetMap stores a cookie on your terminal device via your browser. This processes your user settings and user data for the purpose of displaying the page or guaranteeing the functionality of the OpenStreetMap service. Through this processing, OpenStreetMap can recognize the website from which your request has been sent and to which IP address the directions should be transmitted. 

The legal basis for collecting and processing this information is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the optimization and economic operation of our site.

If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Further details can be found in the section about cookies above.

OpenStreetMap offers further information about its data collection and processing as well your rights and your options for protecting your privacy at this link:

https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy.

Google AdSense
We use Google AdSense on our website to integrate advertisements. This is a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (hereinafter: Google).

Google AdSense stores cookies and web beacons on your device via your browser. This enables Google to analyze how you use our website. In addition to your IP address and the advertising formats displayed, the information thus collected will be transmitted to Google in the USA and stored there. Google may also share this information with third parties. Google states that it will not connect your IP address to other data.

The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our site.

If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Further details can be found in the section about cookies above.

In addition, Google offers an opt-out add-on at

https://policies.google.com/privacy

https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated

in particular on options for preventing the use of data.

Model Data Protection Statement for Anwaltskanzlei Weiß & Partner