Free Resources To Unlock Your Coaching and Physio Potential |
See More
1
Product
Testing / Profiling
Highlight strengths and weaknesses.
What we test
Group testing
Profiling & reporting
Training
Maximize intent with live feedback.
Velocity Based Training
Live feedback
Leaderboards
Monitoring
Assess fluctuations in readiness.
Load monitoring & readiness
Wellness
Programming
Design & prescribe workouts.
Integrated programming & testing
Program design & assignment
How it works
Learn how our platform works
Product tour
See what is included
Video tour
Watch our product video
Testing is Training - Find out More
Speak to a product expert
Use-Cases
By Use Case
VBT
Jump & Power Testing
Strength Testing
Movement, Mobility & Balance
Speed & Explosiveness
Rotational Power
Rehab
By Industry
Performance Facilities
Pro Sport
College
High School & PE
Rehab & Physio
E-learning
VBT Education Hub
Guides & eBooks
Webinars
Courses
Customer Stories
Resources
Validation
Blog
Knowledge Base
API Integrations
Demo & Pricing
Privacy Policy
Last updated October 18, 2024
Update:
Added Hotjar and removed Post Hog to list of User Analytics Platform in
WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Output Sports Ltd. (“company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at hello@outputsports.com.
When you visit our website
https://www.outputsports.com
, mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites or Apps and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as
https://www.outputsports.com
), mobile application, ("
Apps
"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "
Sites
").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, and payment information.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering at the Sites or Apps, expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites or Apps or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites or Apps, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data.
We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials.
We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data.
We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Sites or Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Sites or Apps. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites or Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites or Apps, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short:
We may collect information regarding your mobile device, when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s bluetooth, camera, storage, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Sites or Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons"). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process.
If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account *(such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the "
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
" below).
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Sites or Apps.
To post testimonials.
We post testimonials on our Sites or Apps that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at julian@outputsports.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Request Feedback.
We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Sites or Apps.
To protect our Sites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Sites or Apps safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For other Business Purposes.
We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites or Apps, products, services, marketing and your experience.
To fulfil services
. We may also collect, store and analyse information (including personal and athletic performance data) about individuals (such as athletes) whose personal data is processed by Output Sports during the provision of the Services to its customers (“Customer Data”). This information is controlled by Output Sport’s customers and is processed by Output Sports in accordance with the agreement for Services (“Customer Agreement”). To the extent that Output Sports collects, stores and analyses Customer Data, Output Sports does so on behalf of its customers and is a “data processor” only. If Customer Data includes your personal data or you are using the Services by invitation of a Output Sports customer, whether that customer is your employer, team, another organization, or an individual, Output Sports collects, stores, and analyses your personal data on behalf of its customer. That customer will determine its own policies regarding the treatment of Customer Data which may apply to your use of the Services. Please check with the customer about the policies it has in place.
To provide, update, and improve our Services
. This includes use of Output Sports Data to support delivery of the Services under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyse and monitor usage, trends and other activities. We also use de-personalised and aggregated data generated by our customers’ use of our Services to better understand how customers are using the Services in order to improve them.  This processing of Output Sports Data is required as a matter of contractual necessity.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent:
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests:
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract:
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests:
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites or Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites or Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
In Short:
We only share information with the following third parties.
We only share and disclose your information with the following third parties. We have categorized each party so that you may be easily understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us.
Functionality and Infrastructure Optimisation
Cloud Firestore, Google App Engine and Google Cloud Storage
User Account Registration and Authentication
Firebase Authentication
‍
User Analytics
Hotjar
‍
Anonymised Web and Mobile Analytics
Google Analytics for Firebase
‍
Anonymised Website Performance Monitoring
Crashlytics
‍
Anonymised User Analytics
Amplitude & Shipbook
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short:
We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Some of our servers are located in United States. If you are accessing our Sites or Apps from outside United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.
European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses:
Such measures implementing the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies and between us and our third-party providers, which require all such recipients to protect personal information that they process from the EEA in accordance with European data protection laws. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
HOW AND FOR HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the
contact details
provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
■  Contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites or Apps. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Sites or Apps visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
Opting out of email marketing:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
■  Contact us using the contact information provided.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Sites or Apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Sites or Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Sites or Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at julian@outputsports.com or by post to:
Output Sports Ltd. NovaUCD
NovaUCD,
University College Dublin,
Belfield,
Dublin 4,
Ireland
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, the "data controller" of your personal information is Output Sports Ltd.. Output Sports Ltd. has appointed Julian Eberle to be its representative in the EEA. You can contact them directly regarding the processing of your information by Output Sports Ltd., by email at julian@outputsports.com, or by post to:
Output Sports Ltd. NovaUCD
NovaUCD,
University College Dublin,
Belfield,
Dublin 4,
Ireland
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a contact us at hello@outputsports.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
By clicking
"Ok, got it"
, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our
Privacy Policy
for more information.
Ok, got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://app.termly.io/dashboard/website/561223/privacy-policy#privacyrights:
We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our
Cookie Policy
. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “
Preferences
.”
Preferences
Decline
Accept
Your browser does not support JavaScript!