Privacy policy
1. INTRODUCTION
This is information concerning the processing of personal data, according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) and the Danish Data Protection Act. When you use a Motosumo Website or App, or is in contact with us in general, we will process personal data about you.
 
This Private Policy ("Privacy Policy") is supplementary to Our terms of use. We refer to the definitions in the Terms. Do not use any of the Services, if You do not agree with this Privacy Policy.

mO2tion technology innovation ApS (Motosumo ApS), is registered in Denmark with company registration number 35 66 07 20, and have our registered address at Hørkær 26, DK-2730 Herlev, Denmark, is responsible for processing your personal data (data controller). Below you will find a description of how Motosumo process your personal data.

Motosumo is entitled to revise and change this Privacy Policy at any time. You will receive a message of any material change on the e-mail address You provided when signing up if You have made an account, or by any other measures, which Motosumo finds appropriate and sufficient. Regardless hereof, You are recommended to regularly check, if the Privacy Policy has been changed.
2. THE VARIOUS TYPES OF PROCESSING
The Website and the App
When you visit our Website or use the Apps, we collect data about you to make statistics, optimize the Website, use features for remembering log ins and passwords, as well as perform target marketing. Among others, we carry out the following processing:
-      Your IP address, used for statistical purposes and remarketing,
-      Your personally generated data on your physical performance and endurance, to provide you with the services you have signed up for,
-      Your operating system and browser version, which are used to optimize the future user experience on the Website,
-      Date and time of the visit on the Website, which is used for statistical purposes,
-      We place cookies on your device, including third party cookies. See more in our
Cookie Policy
, and
-      Data is transferred to third parties like Google and Facebook to get statistics or targeted remarketing.
Data sharing and the Services
We track and connect your data with others that you have chosen to share your data with because you are a member and because you have chosen your settings in the Apps to be like this, so that you can actively compete, compare and cooperate with others. This means that we and other users may disclose and make publicly available any user generated content, including personal data and other information in relation to you, and such information may be gender, sport activity, location and performance information.

This means that we process your personal information by storing, transferring and analyzing it. The purpose of the storage is, among other things, for us to be able to deliver statistics and improvement goals for you. Furthermore, it is for us to be able to communicate with you and to ensure good experiences when you participate in fitness activities where the App is of good use. In addition, we ensure that we adapt content and future events to you. We store the following information:
-      Name
-      Gender
-      Date of birth
-      Address
-      Phone
-      E-mail
-      Fitness classes and activities
-      Health information and performance indications
-      GPS location data
-      Statistical and analytical data
You accept that for Us to be able to perform the Services, including the services requested by You, We are allowed to share and transfer your Data, comprising personally identifiable in-formation, to our third party service providers and related business partners. Such transfer will be secure and will not give any third parties any right to Your personal identifiable information outside the scope of performing the Services. You accept that We are allowed to share non-identifiable personal information, such as but not limited to gender and sports activities, location, etc. to any third parties that We engage into a written contract with.
Job applications
If you are applying for a job with us, we process the personal information that you provide to us or information we receive from others once you have consented to us contacting them. We do so to evaluate your application and you. We store all job applications for a period of up to 6 months, so we can be sure that we find the right candidate for the position.
3. HOW WE DO
In order for us to offer you a membership, a good website, newsletters, courses, jobs, etc., it is necessary for us to process your personal information by collecting, systematizing, storing, using, storing, deleting, transferring and passing on your information.
4. DATA SECURITY
We ensure great safety and confidentiality when it comes to the information that you provide us with or we receive from others about you. Technically, we always use data processors with-in the EU and data processors, which we have assured have the same security and safety regulations when it comes to your personal information as we have. Internally, we focus on ed-ucating each other in providing for a high degree of data safety. When appropriate, we en-crypt, pseudonymize or anonymize your information. We will at all times ensure that we comply with the applicable personal data law in force at the time.

We delete your personal information when we no longer need to process it in order to meet one or more of the purposes we have mentioned above. As a main rule for members, we delete your data or anonymize it three months after you have terminated your relationship with Us. There may be special rules in laws and regulations, such as, for example, the Bookkeeping Act and the Money Laundering Act, which gives us the right and duty to store your data for a longer period of time.
5. DO YOU HAVE QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions concerning our processing of your personal information, please feel free to contact us on this e-mail address at any time: support@motosumo.com. Here you can also contact us if you want insight into the information we process about you, if you want to correct any information that we process about you and that you do not think is correct, if you would like your information deleted or if you would like to withdraw one or more of your con-sents.

Kindly note that some of the processing of your personal data carried out by us is necessary for us to provide you with our services. This means that in some instances you cannot retrieve your consent to our processing of your information and in some cases, your retraction will mean that you will no longer be able to receive our newsletter, be a member, use the Website or the like. Withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legality of the processing of personal data that has taken place before the withdrawal of consent.

If you wish to complain about our processing of your personal information, you may file a com-plaint with the Danish Data Protection Authorities, which you can find here: Borgergade 28, 1300 Copenhagen K, phone: +45 33193200, or you can contact them by e-mail: dt@datatilsynet.dk.