Last updated:March 16,2023
Thank you for your trust and support to CozyLife understand the importance of your personal information,so we will take appropriate measures to protect your personal data.This Policy describes how we collect,use,and handle your personal information when you use our websites,software,and service(collectively,"Service").By using CozyLife service,you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Use for the CozyLife Products and Services you use.
Information We Collect
In order to provide our services to you,CozyLife will receive or collect required information when we operate and provide our services.Some information we collect from you are referred to as“personal information”or“personal data”in this Policy.Personal information or personal data is data that can identify you,or data that we can relate to you,such as your name,email address,and shipping address.
1.Information You Provide
●Account or user profile data: When you register for an account with us, we may collect some of your information, such as your email address, phone number. During your interaction with our products, we may further collect your account avatar, nickname, country code, language preference or time zone information, and device microphone to collect sound.
●Feedback: When you use the feedback and suggestion functions in our products, we will collect your pictures, email addresses, mobile phone numbers and feedback content, so as to deal with your problems and equipment failures in a timely manner.
●Location information: In order to ensure the normal functions of our services, such as "sunrise/sunset", we will collect your real-time geographic location information.
●Pictures: You can use this function to upload your photos/pictures/videos after enabling the photo album permission to indicate to the customer service staff the function of providing proof of device usage problems. You can also upload pictures in the user center as your avatar information.
2.Automatically Collected Information
●Device Information:When you install,access,or use our service,we automatically collect device-specific information,such as the MAC address of your devices,IP address,wireless connection information,operating system type and version,application version number,handle1Alarm notification identifier,log files,and mobile network information,IMEI,IMSI,software list,device serial number,android ID.
●Usage and Log Information:Through your usage of CozyLife service,we automatically collect your activity on our website or our service,service-related information,diagnosis,performance information,log files,crash report,website visits,clicks,downloads,and other information generated by using our service.
3.Smart Devices Related Information:
●Basic Information of Smart Devices:When you connect your Smart Devices with our service,we may collect basic information about your Smart Devices such as device name,device ID,online status,activation time,firmware version,and upgrade information.
●Information Reported by Smart Devices:Based on the different smart devices you use with our service,we may collect different information reported by your devices.
How We Use Information
We may use information collected for the following purposes:
●Operate and provide service to you:To provide you with our service,such information as your account and profile data,device information,usage data,location information,and smart device related information are collected and processed.The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our Terms of Use.
●Maintain and enhance our Service:Your information is collected for us to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences,to improve our service,and to develop new products,services,features,and functionality.The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our Terms of Use.
●Customer Support:We use your personal information to keep you informed of important updates of our service,such as changes of terms and policies and communicate with you to provide support to you,so as to perform our contract with you according to ur Terms of Use.
●Marketing related activities:We share marketing materials about our service that interest users that consent to receive such information.You may choose not to receive such information through the option we provide.
●Personalized service:When we are handling your account,profile data,usage data,and device information,we aim to provide individualized product design and service tailored to your request(such as recommending or showing products and ads that may interest you)and invite you to take surveys about product usage.The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
●Compliance:We will process your personal data when we deem it necessary or appropriate:
(a)to comply with applicable laws and regulations;
(b)to comply with legal procedures;
(c)to respond to requests from public and government agencies,including public and government agencies outside the country/region where you live;
(d)to fulfill our terms and conditions;
(e)to protect our operations,business and systems;
(f)protect the rights,privacy,safety or property of us and/or other users including you;
(g)seek available remedial measures or reduce the loss we may suffer.
To Whom We Share Information
We only share your personal data in ways you are told about.We may share your information with the following third parties:
●Third-party service providers who provide us with certain business-related services,such as website hosting,data analysis,payment and credit card processing,infrastructure supply,IT services,customer support services,email sending services,and others similar services so that they can provide services to us.
●Clients and other business partners who directly or indirectly provide you with smart devices and/or the networks and systems you use to access and use our website and services.
●In the event of a reorganization,merger,sale,joint venture,assignment,transfer or other disposal of all or part of our business,assets or stocks(including but not limited to the above circumstances related to any bankruptcy or similar proceedings),we shall disclose your personal data to other third parties.In this case,you will receive a clear notification via email and/or our website regarding the change of ownership,the incompatibility of new use of personal information,and the choice of personal information.
●Where we deem it necessary or appropriate:
(a)to comply with applicable laws and regulations;
(b)to comply with legal procedures;
(c)to respond to requests from public and government agencies,including public and government agencies outside the country/region where you live;
(d)to fulfill our terms and conditions;
(e)to protect our operations,business and systems;
(f)to protect the rights,privacy,security or property of us and/or other users including you;
(g)to seek available remedies or reduce the losses we may suffer.
●To subsidiaries or affiliates within the group to carry out business activities on a regular basis
Except for the third parties mentioned above,we only disclose your personal data to other third parties with your consent.
4. Your Rights According to applicable laws,you have the right to object to or request the restriction of the processing of your personal data,and to request the right to access,correct,delete and portability of your personal data.
Where the use of your information is based on your consent,you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time,but the withdrawal of consent does not affect the legality of data processing based on consent before the withdrawal.
You can submit your request to us by canceling your account in the app user center or withdrawing your consent to the privacy policy.
You can also send an email to info@CozyLife.app to request the processing of your personal data.
If you find that your information has changed or is inaccurate,please notify us of these changes so that our records can be updated or corrected.If you believe that our processing of your personal data violates applicable laws,you can lodge a complaint to a supervisory authority.
Our retention time for your personal data depends on the needs of providing services or products to you,or in accordance with the requirements or permits of applicable laws such as tax laws and accounting laws.
5. Third party and SDK
●com.alibaba
Use MPaas service as application content and FastJSON as data processing component.
●com.amap.api
Collect user location information to provide better services.
●com.alipay
Use MPaas service as application content.
●com.google.android
Provide Google third-party login service.
●com.tencent.bugly
Collect application logs and resolve bugs.
●com.mob.sdk
Provide third-party login and third-party sharing services.
6. Information Security Measures
We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal data.In order to prevent unauthorized access,disclosure or other similar risks,we have established reasonable physical,electronic and management procedures to protect the information we collect.In order to protect the security of your personal data,we have set out the following security procedures and technical and organizational measures:
Your personal data will be stored on secure servers and protected in controlled facilities.All data stored in the backend will be categorized into different levels according to the importance and sensitivity of the data,for example,whether it contains personal data.In the data center,data clusters containing sensitive data are assembled in the network topology and placed in rooms with additional physical security protection.The data exchange between the CozyLife device and the server is encrypted by the Secure Socket Layer(SSL).
Users can choose to use the two-step verification process when accessing their CozyLife account.We regularly review our practices regarding the collection,storage,and processing of information,including physical security measures,in order to prevent unauthorized access to the system.The system is only accessible to CozyLife employees and third-party service providers so that they can obtain the required information for processing data.They must abide by strict contractual confidentiality obligations.If they fail to fulfill these obligations,they may face punishment or dismissal.
All server clusters used for cloud platform data storage and processing are set up with access control.
Most data used for CozyLife products and/or services are stored in a storage system.By using the column-based access control mechanism,only CozyLife employees who have obtained access permission can access the data columns they are authorized to access.
Please note that in order to implement the above arrangements,CozyLife may use overseas facilities operated and controlled by CozyLife to process or back up your personal data.Currently, CozyLife has data centers in Beijing and Singapore.Therefore,we may transfer and store your personal data in our overseas facilities.But this does not change any commitments we make to you regarding the protection of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information security is of great importance for us.We will take all practical measures to ensure the security of your personal data.Through the above protective measures,especially encrypted storage and transmission,your data is very safe.Certain details in the encrypted data can only be accessed by you.
CozyLife.
Copyright © 2023. All Rights Reserverd.