Arranmore Ferry
About
Timetables
Contact
App
Book Ticket
Privacy Policy
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services. We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it. We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what information on your website is shared publicly (or kept private), indexed by search engines, and permanently deleted. We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information. We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles. Who We Are and What This Policy Covers.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:
Our Websites
Our mobile applications (including the mobile app for Android and iOS);
Our other products, services, and features that are available on or through our websites and
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications,
and other products and services collectively as “Services.”
And if you’d like to learn more about which Realte Na Maidne company is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on Controllers and Responsible Companies. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services that have a separate privacy policy. Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so–for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better. We collect information in three ways: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us. The amount and type of information depends on the context and how we use the information. Here are some examples:
Basic Account Information: We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account.
Public Profile Information: If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for a public profile. A public profile information is just that–public–so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Credentials: Depending on the Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for your website (like SSH, FTP, and SFTP username and password).
Communications with Us (Hi There!): You may also provide us information when you respond to surveys, post a question about your site in our public facing pages, or sign up for a newsletter like the one we send. When you communicate with us via form, email, phone, or otherwise, we store a copy of our communications (including any call recordings as permitted by applicable law).
Information We Collect Automatically
Log Information: Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services.
Usage Information: We collect information about your usage of our Services. We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, as well as get insights on how people use our Services, so we can make our Services better. Location Information: We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions.
We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (when, for example, you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions. Stored Information: We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website. Information from Cookies & Other Technologies: A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Realte Na Maidne uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We do not sell our users’ private personal information. That's it.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to do that, or you would like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to How to Reach Us to, well, find out how to reach us. EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
Credits
Our thanks to Automattic for making this privacy open source.
The source is available here:
https://github.com/Automattic/legalmattic
Arranmore Ferry Mobile App
The Arranmore Ferry Mobile is available for free for Android and iOS devices. It gives you all the latest information on timetables, you can receive notifications about changes and buy tickets for your next trip to Arranmore Island.
Learn More
Book Tickets Now
HOME
ARRANMORE FERRY PRIVACY POLICY
ARRANMORE FERRY
About Us
Things To Do
FAQ
About Tory Island
TICKETS
Book Ticket
Prices
Blog
HELP
How To Get To Arranmore
Email Us
Call Us
Arranmore Ferry
The Blue Ferry sailing between Arranmore Island and Burtonport
Blue Ferry Office, Burtonport Pier, Co. Donegal, F94 C449
+353873171810
©
2025
Realte Na Maidne
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Hexa Studios