New Look. Same Great Automatic Exercise Tracking. Train Fitness has a new brand.
Download Now
Train Fitness
Privacy Policy
TRAIN FITNESS PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated November 20th, 2024
This privacy policy for Train Fitness Inc. ("
we
," "
us
," or "
our
"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("
process
") your information when you use our services ("
Services
"), such as when you:
Download and use our mobile application (Train Fitness Workout Tracker), or any other application of ours that links to this privacy notice
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at hello@trainfitness.ai.
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use.
Do we process any sensitive personal information? We may process sensitive personal information when necessary with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Do we receive any information from third parties? We do not receive any information from third parties.
How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so.
In what situations and with which types of parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific categories of third parties.
How do we keep your information safe? We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information.
What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information.
How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by visiting
https://www.trainfitness.ai
, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. HOW DO YOU SHARE DATA WITH THIRD PARTY LLMS / GENERATIVE AI?
6. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
12. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
13. DO OTHER REGIONS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
15. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
16. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
names
email addresses
usernames
passwords
contact preferences
contact or authentication data
Sensitive Information. When necessary, with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, we process the following categories of sensitive information:
health data
biometric data
Payment Data. We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number, and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Apple. You may find their privacy notice link
here
.
Social Media Login Data. We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media account details, like your Facebook, Twitter, or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the information described in the section called "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?" below.
Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:
Geolocation Information. We may request access or permission to track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application(s), to provide certain location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's bluetooth, camera, microphone, sensors, social media accounts, storage, contacts, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our application(s), we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, and information about the features of our application(s) you accessed.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the application(s). If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"), and hardware settings).
Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
Location Data. We collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device. However, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts. We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.
To save or protect an individual's vital interest. We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business interests.
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent. We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
Legal Obligations. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital Interests. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e., express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). You can withdraw your consent at any time.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:
If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way
For investigations and fraud detection and prevention
For business transactions provided certain conditions are met
If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin
If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse
If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province
If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records
If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced
If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following categories of third parties.
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents ("third parties") who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. We have contracts in place with our third parties, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any organization apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct. The categories of third parties we may share personal information with are as follows:
Cloud Computing Services
Payment Processors
Data Analytics Services
We also may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Offer Wall. Our application(s) may display a third-party hosted "offer wall." Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for the acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall may appear in our application(s) and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information. When you click on an offer wall, you will be brought to an external website belonging to other persons and will leave our application(s). A unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account with the relevant reward.
5. HOW DO YOU SHARE DATA WITH THIRD PARTY LLMs / GENERATIVE AI?
In Short: We share limited data with large language models, but this data anonymized, and contains no personally identifiable information.
Our Services offer the ability to generate workout, suggest weights, exercise, or workouts. To achieve these results, Train Fitness in part leverages third party large language models (LLM) such as OpenAI's ChatGPT or Google's Gemini. When we engage such tools:
Anonymized Data Only:
We share limited workout-related data that is fully anonymized and does not include any personally identifiable information (PII). Data shared with third-party tools will never contain your name, profile, health, or other sensative or identifiable information.
Limited Data:
Only data critical to generating recommendations is shared with third-party LLMs. We never share any more data than needed.
Rigorous Third-Party Compliance:
We only work with LLM providers that adhere to industry-leading data protection and security standards. These providers are bound by contracts that limit data use to purposes specified by us and in compliance with applicable laws.
6. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our Services using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our Services offer you the ability to register and log in using your third-party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, and profile picture, as well as other information you choose to make public on such a social media platform.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at hello@trainfitness.ai.
10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA, UK, Switzerland, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (iv) if applicable, to data portability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision-making. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your
Member State data protection authority
or
UK data protection authority
.
If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
.
Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below or updating your preferences.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Opting out of marketing and promotional communications: You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send, or by contacting us using the details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below. You will then be removed from the marketing lists. However, we may still communicate with you — for example, to send you service-related messages that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at hello@trainfitness.ai.
11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
12. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
What categories of personal information do we collect?
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
A. Identifiers
Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name
YES
B. Personal information as defined in the California Customer Records statute
Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law
Gender and date of birth
YES
D. Commercial information
Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information
NO
E. Biometric information
Fingerprints and voiceprints
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements
NO
G. Geolocation data
Device location
YES
H. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information
Business contact details in order to provide you our Services at a business level or job title, work history, and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us
NO
J. Education Information
Student records and directory information
NO
K. Inferences drawn from collected personal information
Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics
NO
L. Sensitive personal Information
Biometric data and health data
YES
We will use and retain the collected personal information as needed to provide the Services or for:
Category A - As long as the user has an account with us
Category B - As long as the user has an account with us
Category C - As long as the user has an account with us
Category G - As long as the user has an account with us
Category H - As long as the user has an account with us
Category L - As long as the user has an account with us
Category L information may be used, or disclosed to a service provider or contractor, for additional, specified purposes. You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information.
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
How do we use and share your personal information?
Learn about how we use your personal information in the section, "HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?"
Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Learn more about how we disclose personal information to in the section, "WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?"
We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal information.
We have not sold or shared any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months:
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information for a business or commercial purpose can be found under "WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?"
California Residents
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g., backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
This section applies only to California residents. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), you have the rights listed below.
The California Code of Regulations defines a "residents" as:
(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
All other individuals are defined as "non-residents."
If this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
Right to request deletion of the data — Request to delete
You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation, or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.
Right to be informed — Request to know
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
whether we collect and use your personal information;
the categories of personal information that we collect;
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
whether we sell or share personal information to third parties;
the categories of personal information that we sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information; and
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
If the business collects any of the following:
social security information, drivers' licenses, state ID cards, passport numbers
account login information
credit card numbers, financial account information, or credentials allowing access to such accounts
precise geolocation
racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership
the contents of email and text, unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication
genetic data, biometric data, and health data
data concerning sexual orientation and sex life
you have the right to direct that business to limit its use of your sensitive personal information to that use which is necessary to perform the Services.
Once a business receives your request, they are no longer allowed to use or disclose your sensitive personal information for any other purpose unless you provide consent for the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information for additional purposes.
Please note that sensitive personal information that is collected or processed without the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer is not covered by this right, as well as the publicly available information.
To exercise your right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information, please email hello@trainfitness.ai or visit:
https://www.trainfitness.ai
.
Verification process
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g., phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.
Other privacy rights
You may object to the processing of your personal information.
You may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the information.
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
You may request to opt out from future selling or sharing of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving an opt-out request, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) days from the date of the request submission.
To exercise these rights, you can contact us by visiting
https://www.trainfitness.ai
, by email at hello@trainfitness.ai, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
Colorado Residents
This section applies only to Colorado residents. Under the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to be informed whether or not we are processing your personal data
Right to access your personal data
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
Right to request deletion of your personal data
Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us
Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")
To submit a request to exercise these rights described above, please email hello@trainfitness.ai or visit
https://www.trainfitness.ai
.
If we decline to take action regarding your request and you wish to appeal our decision, please email us at hello@trainfitness.ai. Within forty-five (45) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions.
Connecticut Residents
This section applies only to Connecticut residents. Under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (CTDPA), you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to be informed whether or not we are processing your personal data
Right to access your personal data
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
Right to request deletion of your personal data
Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us
Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")
To submit a request to exercise these rights described above, please email hello@trainfitness.ai or visit
https://www.trainfitness.ai
.
If we decline to take action regarding your request and you wish to appeal our decision, please email us at hello@trainfitness.ai. Within sixty (60) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions.
Utah Residents
This section applies only to Utah residents. Under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA), you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to be informed whether or not we are processing your personal data
Right to access your personal data
Right to request deletion of your personal data
Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us
Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising or the sale of personal data
To submit a request to exercise these rights described above, please email hello@trainfitness.ai or visit
https://www.trainfitness.ai
.
Virginia Residents
Under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA):
"Consumer" means a natural person who is a resident of the Commonwealth acting only in an individual or household context. It does not include a natural person acting in a commercial or employment context.
"Personal data" means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person. "Personal data" does not include de-identified data or publicly available information.
"Sale of personal data" means the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration.
If this definition of "consumer" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal data.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
Right to be informed whether or not we are processing your personal data
Right to access your personal data
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
Right to request deletion of your personal data
Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us
Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")
Exercise your rights provided under the Virginia VCDPA
You may contact us by email at hello@trainfitness.ai or visit
https://www.trainfitness.ai
.
If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your rights, we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.
Verification process
We may request that you provide additional information reasonably necessary to verify you and your consumer's request. If you submit the request through an authorized agent, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity before processing your request.
Upon receiving your request, we will respond without undue delay, but in all cases, within forty-five (45) days of receipt. The response period may be extended once by forty-five (45) additional days when reasonably necessary. We will inform you of any such extension within the initial 45-day response period, together with the reason for the extension.
Right to appeal
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of our decision and reasoning behind it. If you wish to appeal our decision, please email us at hello@trainfitness.ai. Within sixty (60) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Attorney General to submit a complaint.
13. DO OTHER REGIONS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: You may have additional rights based on the country you reside in.
Australia and New Zealand
We collect and process your personal information under the obligations and conditions set by Australia's Privacy Act 1988 and New Zealand's Privacy Act 2020 (Privacy Act).
This privacy notice satisfies the notice requirements defined in both Privacy Acts, in particular: what personal information we collect from you, from which sources, for which purposes, and other recipients of your personal information.
If you do not wish to provide the personal information necessary to fulfill their applicable purpose, it may affect our ability to provide our services, in particular:
offer you the products or services that you want
respond to or help with your requests
manage your account with us
confirm your identity and protect your account
At any time, you have the right to request access to or correction of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?"
If you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you have the right to submit a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles to the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
and a breach of New Zealand's Privacy Principles to the
Office of New Zealand Privacy Commissioner
.
Republic of South Africa
At any time, you have the right to request access to or correction of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?"
If you are unsatisfied with the manner in which we address any complaint with regard to our processing of personal information, you can contact the office of the regulator, the details of which are:
General enquiries: enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
Complaints (complete POPIA/PAIA form 5): PAIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za & POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
15. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at hello@trainfitness.ai or contact us by post at:
Train Fitness Inc.
602-130 Spadina Avenue
Toronto, Ontario M5V 2L4
Canada
16. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it. Request to review, update, or delete your personal information directly from the Train Fitness application.
subscribe to our newsletter
Product
Neural Kinetic Profiling ™
Exercise Library
Workout Templates
Corporate Wellness
About
Company
Careers
Blog
Support
Help Center
What's New
Train Guide
Student Discount
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
hello@trainfitness.ai
Find Us
130 Spadina Avenue, Toronto,
Ontario, M5V 0H4, Canada
©2025 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Commitment
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Community Guidelines
Instagram
LinkedIn
Tiktok
X
Instagram
LinkedIn
Tiktok
X
Privacy Commitment
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
©2025 All Rights Reserved
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking 'Accept All', you consent to our use of cookies.
Decline
Accept
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacy.org.nz/your-rights/making-a-complaint/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Home
/
Your rights
/
Making a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner
Your rights
Our Office values working with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to complain directly to the business or organisation that has breached your privacy.
How complaining to us works
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with the business or organisation you complained to, then you can complain to us.
First, we’ll decide whether we need to investigate. We will base that decision on the information you provide, so it’s helpful to set out a short explanation for what your key concern is and include only relevant documents. If we decide to investigate, we may first talk to you and sometimes to the
agency
you’re complaining about.
Read our decision guide
.
We will try to accommodate any accessibility needs you have
when contacting us
in accordance with the
Human Rights Act 1993.
Reasons we won't investigate
There are many reasons we won’t investigate (some are listed below) but even if we decide we can’t, we’ll still give you a chance to comment.
Some common reasons we won’t investigate are:
You haven't contacted the organisation first
You should give the business or organisation a chance to resolve your problem first and should wait at least 30 working days for a response before contacting us.
Your complaint is about an old issue
If your complaint is about something that happened more than 12 months ago, we probably won’t investigate it unless there’s a good reason why you didn’t contact us earlier.
The issue hasn't caused you harm
We’ll only investigate a breach of your privacy if it’s caused you
harm.
The agency has taken appropriate steps to resolve the issue
If an agency has already acted, changing its systems, and apologising to the person concerned, we’d likely consider those actions that would resolve the complaint. An investigation isn’t likely to achieve a different outcome.
Section 74 of the Privacy Act
has a full list of reasons we might not investigate your complaint and includes things like the complaint being a breach of someone else’s privacy, or there being a better way to sort it out.
Complaining to us with courtesy and consideration
We take the health and safety and wellbeing of our staff seriously and have some rules of engagement that we’d like you to know about.
You can expect us to:
treat you courteously and with respect
answer your questions about our process
keep you informed about your complaint and when you can expect to hear back from us.
We expect you to:
treat us with courtesy
co-operate with our process and requests for information
correspond with our staff politely and in a way that maintains staff wellbeing
accept that we will not tolerate rude or abusive behaviour or correspondence that undermines staff wellbeing
understand that we have a zero-tolerance approach to threats made to OPC staff.
As an agency that deals with human rights, we value feedback. However, harmful communications to OPC staff – such as abusive or offensive comments and harassment – are never acceptable and may result in the Office declining to investigate your complaint.
Read our service charter that explains this in more detail
.
OPC takes the safety and wellbeing of our staff seriously
Violence or threats of violence are not tolerated, and we will respond accordingly. This may include issuing a warning, limiting access to our services, reporting a matter of concern to the Police, or issuing a trespass notice. OPC may use or disclose your personal information to the Police or to a complaints body, to report threats of violence or offensive communications. This will be done as it is necessary for the safety and wellbeing of our staff.
Read our policy for responding to threats to staff safety
.
Inappropriate or offensive communication with our staff may result in a warning or may mean that we are not able to deal with your complaint.
This includes:
abusive or offensive comments or threats to OPC staff
intimidation or harassment of OPC staff by phone or email
inappropriate questions to OPC staff or referencing non-relevant OPC staff personal information
threats to defame OPC staff or to publish personal information about OPC staff
posting personal information about OPC staff online, including any communication that breaches the communication principles in the
Harmful Digital Communications Act
.
What we can't do
Our role is to decide if there’s been a breach of the Privacy Act and help both the groups come to a decision. We can't force organisations to pay you money, issue fines, make anyone accept a settlement offer, or force anyone to accept our findings.
Getting your personal information corrected
If you make a request to an agency about accessing or correcting your personal information, they must respond to that within 20 working days. Any agency may, in limited circumstances, extend the 20-working day timeframe, but they must tell you why, and let you know when they’ll give you the information. You can use our response calculator on the left to work out the latest date an agency must respond to you by.
One person complaining on behalf of many
When lots of people are affected by one privacy breach,
the Privacy Act
allows for one person to make a complaint to us on behalf of many (as a class). When this happens, the Privacy Commissioner can begin an investigation themselves.
Giving someone authority to act on your behalf
If you want someone to act on your behalf (like an advocate, a family member, or lawyer) you will need to complete a form that tells us that in writing.
Open the Representative Authority Form in Word
Open the Representative Authority Form in PDF
Other places you can get help
We can only investigate the privacy aspects of your complaint.
Our
list of other regulators and dispute resolution schemes
may help you find other agencies who can better help you.
Make a complaint
Your rights
Your privacy rights
Resolving privacy issues
Making a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner
Submit a complaint
Service charter – complaints and investigations
Settling complaints