Privacy Policy
Background Eraser - BG Remover
Last updated date: 28th of June 2024
This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our services or apps.
If you choose to use our service or apps, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. We do not collect any information about our users & devices used at present. However, if we are to collect information in the future, it will only be used for providing and improving our services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Sharing Your Information
We may share your information with third parties in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may share your information with third-party service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as hosting, data analysis, payment processing, and customer service.
For Legal Reasons: We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in response to a legal request, such as a subpoena, court order, or government demand.
Business Transfers: We may share or transfer your information in connection with a business transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets, or bankruptcy.
Security
We take reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Your Choices
You have the following choices regarding your information:
Access and Update: You may access and update your personal information through the App.
Opt-Out: You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications or by contacting us directly.
Location Data: You can disable location tracking through your device settings.
Subscription Info
The yearly subscription plan comes with a 3 days trial period. The user can cancel their subscription anytime during the trial period without being billed. They will be billed automatically after the trial period ends.
The user can cancel his/her subscription at any time by going into iTunes and App Store Apple ID Settings.
All prices include applicable local sales taxes.
Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account after confirmation of purchase.
Subscription automatically renews at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
The user's account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours before the end of the current period.
The monthly subscription plan comes without a trial & user will be charged immediately. The plan period would be for 30 days and it will be automatically renewed after completing its time.
The subscription plans are auto renewable and keep getting renewed until you stop them from your iTunes or apple account.
The provider may not be held liable for the auto renewable plans as the user gets intimation of renewal 24 hours prior and they can manage or cancel their subscription at any point of time.
The provider or seller keeps the rights to change the subscription plans length & price at any time without any prior notice.
The information which we collect
We only collect some harmless personal data to serve you in a better way.
Face Data Collection:
The app captures the photo of the person to show the age changing effect on it. The captured face data is neither saved nor shared with any third party. You can opt out any time if you do not want the app to collect this information.
Private Information
With our apps, we do not collect any personal information such as name, physical address, email addresses, phone numbers, or SSN stored within your device.
How to contact us
For questions or comments related to our privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at support@m24apps.com
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Please review this policy periodically as we will post any changes to our privacy policy here. After any changes or updates to our privacy policy, we will try to notify you in other ways too. You can immediately stop all services in case you do not agree to any changes to our policies.
Limited Liability
By using our apps, you accept the fact that M24 Apps is not liable for any untoward circumstances that may arise from the use of our apps.
Support for free version
We always try to fix all application issues with time. Still, some of our apps(Auto Call Recorder - Automatic) could be dealing with hardware issues that we have no control over and will not be able to fix. In case you change devices, the data & settings on your old phone application will not be carried over to your new device automatically. You will need to reconfigure them manually.
THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS
With our apps, we aim to able to deliver optimum services to you. To enhance the feature set of our apps, we happen to use a few third-party suppliers, with whom we may exchange data.
EULA Agreement
Once you install our apps, you are bound by the terms & guidelines set by the End-User License Agreement (EULA). As a responsible user, you must read & agree to the terms set by EULA. Any violation will result in a legal suit against you by M24 Apps
Accessibility services
Some of our apps require accessibility permissions to serve their purpose.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. We do not collect any information about our users & devices used at present. However, if we are to collect information in the future, it will only be used for providing and improving our services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. We do not collect any information about our users & devices used at present. However, if we are to collect information in the future, it will only be used for providing and improving our services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
What is Personal Information?
"Personal Information" refers to any information that relates to a person, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with any person, is capable of identifying such person, including but not limited to the following and any copies thereof:
Your information
any specific details about you using/accessing this application
your IP address and
Call/chat data records, if any