Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://gengolia.com. This privacy policy (the “Policy”) lets you know how Gengolia (“we” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information provided by you (“you” or “User”) to utilize the services (the “Services”) offered on the Gengolia’s applications and website (the “Gengolia Properties”). This Policy also covers your choices regarding the sharing of your information.
Personal Information
Gengolia does not collect any personal information from it’s user. All the data you enter via our applications is kept and processed on device.
The Gengolia website does optionally collect email addresses (or in the future other personal information) for marketing purposes. The collected information is NEVER shared with any 3rd parties and only used by Gengolia.
Usage and Other Information
When you use our Services, we collect usage and other information regarding your interactions with the Gengolia Properties using cookies or other similar technology.
Log Data
We collect information that your mobile device sends whenever you visit the Gengolia Properties (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your mobile device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, details about how you used the Gengolia Properties, the time and date of your visit, your location, the time spent on Gengolia Properties pages and other statistics.
Uses of Information
We do not sell, rent or trade your individual Personal Information or Log Data to unrelated third parties.
From time to time, we may be required to share Personal Information or Log Data in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may share Personal Information or Log Data when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of others and ourselves. We may also transfer Personal Information or Log Data in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
Any Personal Information you choose to provide in any public chat forums within the Gengolia Properties or via email, text messaging, or on your social media accounts as a result of your use of the sharing feature, can be read, collected, or used by other Users of the Gengolia Properties and such communication forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We recommend that you do not provide your name, e-mail address or any other Personal Information. If you choose to do so, it is at your own risk and you accept full responsibility for those posts and any consequences that may arise from posting this information.
If you send us a support email request or provide feedback on the Gengolia Properties, we reserve the right to publish such communication in order to respond to it or educate other Users about similar concerns. We will take reasonable measures to remove any Personal Information before publishing such information.
Your Elections
At any time, you may elect to (a) stop receiving e-mails, phone and text messages, Gengolia Properties push notifications regarding news and price alerts, and mobile marketing communications, (b) update your Personal Information, as applicable, or (c) change or revoke permissions previously granted via your mobile device settings, if available. Some or all of the Services within the Gengolia Properties may lose functionality if permissions are revoked.
We communicate with our Users through multiple channels to keep you up-to-date on promotions, offers, customer experience content and new Services. We may also communicate with our Users to solicit feedback about the Gengolia Properties. Once you provide your Personal Information, we may contact you through e-mails. We may continue to communicate with you through these channels unless you request to stop receiving these communications by opting out.
Information from Children Under 13
We do not knowingly collect information online from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your children have provided the Company with Personal Information, please contact the Company. If the Company becomes aware that it has collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, the Company takes steps to remove that information from Company servers.
Security of Your Personal Information
We use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Information under our control and appropriately limit access to it. While we use the security measures described above along with others, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by e-mail or text messaging, and you do so at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Changes
As we continue to improve the services, products and the features we provide, this policy is subject to change. We will post significant changes to this Policy here and/or other formats for you to review. If we change our information practices or this Policy in such a way that your Personal Information may be used or shared in a manner not described in the Policy at the time you provided it, we will give you the opportunity to opt-out of having your information used or shared in that new manner.
Contact Us
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Gengolia
Flat 807, Kara Court,
15, Seven Sea Gardens
London, E33GX, United Kingdom
Email Address: feedback@gengolia.com
Effective as of January 27, 2018