Last updated: 10 August 2021
Devolver Digital Inc. ("Devolver"), who operates the My Friend Pedro: Ripe for Revenge game (the "Game"), respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you through the Game, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the
bottom
of this Privacy Notice.
Quick links
We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
What does Devolver do?
What personal information does Devolver collect and why?
Who does Devolver share my personal information with?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Devolver keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Updates to this Privacy Notice
How to contact us
What does Devolver do?
Devolver is a video game publisher, headquartered in the United States but with group companies all around the world. We provide digital entertainment from independent creators worldwide.
For more information about Devolver, please see the “About” section of our website at
https://devolverdigital.com/
.
What personal information does Devolver collect and why?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide voluntarily
The Game may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we may ask for your email address to submit enquiries to us. The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
Information that we collect automatically
When you play our Game we may collect certain information automatically about you or your device. In some countries, including countries in the UK and European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect or that might be collected by the Unity game engine through the game automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the gamers who use our Game, where they come from, and what part of the Game is particularly enjoyable for them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality of our Game to our gamers.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Who does Devolver share my personal information with?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our
group companies, third-party service providers and partners
who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Game), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information;
to any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to an
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition ofany part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must useyour personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;
to any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (such as provide the Game), or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights or where we have your consent to do so. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information about you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Notice.
How does Devolver keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our own servers and the servers maintained by our group companies and third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in various countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
In addition, you can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
aboutour collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us using the following details:
support@devolverdigital.com
.
The data controller of your personal information is Devolver Digital Inc.