PRIVACY POLICY
Management Statement
JOKAF LTD
("Website") is a website owned and operated by JOKAF LTD ("We" or "Us"). We greatly respect your privacy, which is why we make every effort to provide a service that would live up to the highest of user privacy standards.
Aim of this Privacy Policy is to inform you, how we collect, processes, use and transfers (collectively “personal data processing”) your personal data.
Personal data is information that relates to an individual who can be identified from that information, whether or not in conjunction with any other information.
This Privacy Policy summarizes how we process personal data of our business partners, Website users and job applicants.
Business Partners, Website Users
When you use this Website and our products and services, we collect, use and disclose of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We know that you care about how your information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by JOKAF LTD, and stored on its servers, when you make use of the Website or one of our add-ons, apps, API, software or downloads from JOKAF LTD ("Product"), as well as how the information will be used. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
Personal Information
Currently, we do not ask you to register for our products because we simply do not need you to. We do not require the submission of any information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address and other ("Personal Information"). However, when you commence direct communications with us, we may retain such communications and the accompanying Personal Information in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Statistical Information
We collect and aggregate non-identifying information regarding users use of our Products, including, inter alia, advertisements viewed, pages browsed, search inquiries, offers and services that interest you, the type of browser you are using, your IP address, the URL you have come from and the time spent at that URL, cookies and your domain type and server ("Statistical Information").
Browsing History and IP
In order to facilitate, improve, refine, personalize and match the identification and presentation of our products and
JOKAF LTD
results to your browsing preferences and habits, we collect information regarding your use of our Product including URL and Statistical Information of websites you may be browsing while Product is installed ("Browsing History" and together with the Statistical Information "Non-Personal Information").
While we would never collect any Personal Information submitted to such websites, note that Browsing History is aggregated separately for each specific IP, in order to continuously improve our products and provide the most relevant accurate technology and data results for each different location to better understand Internet trends statistics.
That said, IP addresses, while identifying a device connected to the Internet, and its general location, are in themselves anonymous and contain no information regarding the identity of the ultimate person using the device - such identity is known solely to your ISP.
Moreover, IP addresses assigned by ISPs are generally dynamic and subject to frequent change - static IP addresses are generally assigned only at subscriber's specific request and frequently require an additional fee.
Cookies, Web beacons, Pixels & Other technologies
We may use third-party advertising companies in order to serve advertisements on our Website. Such parties may use cookies and/or other technologies placed on users' computer in order to adjust the advertisements presented on to them on a certain third parties' website. With respect to such third parties activities and cookies please note the following:
Such use is subject to the privacy policy of said parties and is not subject to these terms.
Clicking the 'opt out' option from receipt of our cookies does not automatically allow you to opt out of such third party cookies and you are required to visit such third parties websites in order to opt out of such cookies.
We do not monitor or control such third parties cookies and accordingly we are not responsible or liable in any manner to the type of information collected by such third parties cookies.
Opting out from receiving cookies does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the website from which you opted out will no longer deliver advertisements tailored to your preferences and usage patterns.
JOKAF LTD uses remarketing with Google analytics to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show JOKAF LTD's ads on sites across the Internet.
By using the Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Service & Product Provided from the United States
When you make use of the Website or our Products from outside the United States, please be aware that the information collected is being transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using the Product and/or using the Website, which are provided exclusively from the United States, you hereby consent to the transfer of your information to the United States and its collection, storage, sharing and use as described in this Privacy Policy. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as strict and/or comprehensive as those in your c ountry; nonetheless, our services and Product are not subject to any data protection laws or regulations which are not referred to in this policy.
Use by Children
We do not offer our products or services for use by children. If you are under 18, you may not use the Website or our Products without involvement of a parent or a guardian. We do not knowingly collect information from, and/or about children.
Product Updates
The Product performs regular checks for product updates on our servers and may download such updates when needed.
Use of Collected Information
Personal Information
Personal Information shall be used solely in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our subsidiaries, joint ventures or other companies under a common control that we have or may have in the future, providing such party undertakes to protect your privacy in accordance with these terms.
Otherwise, we will not disclose your Personal Information to any third party, unless:
Required to do so as part of any legal proceedings conducted between you and JOKAF LTD.
Required to do so by court order.
In case the activity of the Website is transferred to a third party, providing such party undertakes to protect your privacy at least in the same manner as set forth in this privacy policy.
Non-Personal Information
Non-Personal Information shall be used to ensure the adequate operation, improve, modify, cancel, enrich or adjust the Website and/or the Product, in general or to your area of interest. We reserve the right to use, disclose, sell and\or transfer (for business purpose or otherwise) Non-Personal Information (in the collected form) to third parties and enable them to use Non-Personal information, including, inter alia, potential and actual advertisers, sponsors, business partners, financial services companies, affiliates and consultants at our sole discretion.
Similar Sites
The Product may discover and recommend third-party websites the Product determines may be of interest to you ("SimilarSites"). We do not have control over such Similar Sites, or other third-party websites we may link to from our Website, including their information and collection practices. We are not responsible for their privacy practices or contents.
Information Security
We operate state of the art IT security systems to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Personal Information of all data subject. We have in particular taken appropriate security technical and organizational measures against unlawful or unauthorized personal data processing, and against the accidental loss of, or damage to, Personal Information. Access is only granted on a need-to-know basis to those people whose roles require them to process your Personal Information. Such people are bound by a statutory or contractual duty of confidentiality.
Data Sharing
JOKAF LTD Group
Personal Information can be shared by us across the JOKAF LTD Group (detailed information about members of the JOKAF LTD Group can be found at
JOKAF LTD
). If the Personal Information is shared, this is done provided that there is a need for knowledge of this data and this data is shared only with selected employees for fulfilment of their working tasks.
Service Providers
We use third party service providers who provide services including HR and recruitment consulting, debt management and marketing. External service providers are checked by us and provide sufficient guarantees regarding the confidentiality and security of the Personal Information. With all of these providers we have concluded written data privacy agreement where the providers have undertaken to protect personal data and to comply with our privacy standards.
Personal Information Storage
We will keep your Personal Information for as long as we need it to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected (see above), to protect our legitimate interests (e.g. in trial proceedings or for inspection purposes) and in order to comply with statutory duties or for as long as the consent has been given.
Your Rights
Under the stipulated conditions, you can exercise all of the rights StyledUnorderedlisted below, which are granted to you by legislation on the protection of Personal Information, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
Right of access to Personal Information and the right of provision of further information on the processing of your Personal Information;
Right to rectification of inaccurate of incomplete Personal Information;
Right to obtain your Personal Information and transfer your data to another controller;
Right to object to the processing of your Personal Information;
Right to restriction of processing of your Personal Information;
Right to erasure of Personal Information;
Right to withdraw provided consent with processing;
Right to a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
Questions
If you are interested in detailed information about your rights in the area of personal data protection, including the right of access and rectification of inaccurate data, or any other query or complaint to personal data processing, please contact us by post, personally, or e-mail.
Adress: 9 Atirei Yeda4464309 KFAR SABA
e-mail:
jokorpo@jokafapp.com
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time and therefore we ask you to check back periodically for the most updated version of the Privacy Policy.