PRIVACY POLICY
By entering and/or registering on the Product you give your consent to and accept the following conditions:
General
FindUp (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by FindUp.
This Privacy Policy applies to our website, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our “Service”) alongside our application, FindUp. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Definitions and Key Terms
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:
Cookie
: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
Company
: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to WHO ANALYTICS DİJİTAL HİZMETLER TİCARET LİMİTED ŞİRKETİ, which is adressed at VİŞNEZADE MAHALLESİ SÜLEYMAN SEBA CAD. NO:79 D:1 BEŞİKTAŞ/İSTANBUL that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.
Country
: where FindUp or the owners/founders of FindUp are based, in this case is Turkey.
Customer
: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the FindUp Service to manage the relationships with your consumers or service users.
Device
: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit FindUp and use the services.
IP address
: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
Personnel
: refers to those individuals who are employed by FindUp or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
Personal Data
: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Service
: refers to the service provided by FindUp as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
Third-party service
: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
Website
: FindUp’s site, which can be accessed via this URL.
You
: a person or entity that is registered with FindUp to use the Services.
1. Restrictions
1.1 This Product retrieves your exact location and corresponding time stamp for that location from your mobile devices even when the mobile application is not running. This location data is then shown to other users that you gave permission to. You must be 13 or over to register as a member of or use this Product. Membership in the service is void where it is prohibited. While using and/or viewing this Product, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all of its terms and conditions that you are at least 13-years old and that you are not prohibited by law from using the Product.
1.2 By using and/or viewing this Product you represent and warrant under penalty of perjury the following:
1.2.1 That you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into this agreement and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this agreement.
1.2.2 That you represent and warrant that you have not and will not use and/or view the Product(s) in a restricted location - namely a place, country, or location in which doing so would, or could be deemed a violation of any law, regulation, rule, ordinance, edict or custom.
2. Information we collect
2.1. During the registration process for this Product, you provide us with personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, your name and your mobile phone number.
2.1.1. In some cases we may ask for additional information for security reasons or to provide specific services to you.
2.1.2. We reserve the right to change certain settings of your account concerning news subscription, banners, product offerings and other means of fulfillment of this Product's content and services in certain circumstances, related to marketing and promotional activities.
2.1.3. We automatically collect information from your device when you use our Product. This information could include your IP address, device ID and type, your language, the operating system used by your device, access times, your mobile device’s geographic location whether our application is actively running or not.
2.2. We may retain the details of transactions or payments you make on this Product. However, we will never keep your payment source account or credit number.
2.3. Cookie information. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive for a period of time. Cookies may record information a user accesses on one webpage to simplify subsequent interactions with that webpage by the same user, or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related webpages.
2.3.1. We may use "cookies" to make this Product easier for you to use, to make our advertising better, and to protect both you and this Product.
2.3.2. We embed pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) on web pages, ads, and emails. These tiny, invisible graphics are used to access cookies and track user activities (such as how many times a page is viewed). We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of our features and services. Ad companies also use pixel tags to measure the number of ads displayed and their performance (such as how many people clicked on an ad).
2.3.3. If you're using our Product, we use mobile device IDs (the unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer), or Advertising IDs (for iOS 6 and later), instead of cookies, to recognize you. We do this to store your preferences and track your use of our app. Unlike cookies, device IDs cannot be deleted, but Advertising IDs can be reset in “Settings” on your iPhone. Ad companies also use device IDs or Advertising IDs to track your use of the Product, track the number of ads displayed, measure ad performance and display ads that are more relevant to you. Analytics companies use device IDs to track information about Product usage.
2.3.4. We may allow service providers, advertising companies and ad networks, and other third parties to display advertisements on our Product and elsewhere. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. We do not provide any non-masked or non-obscured personal information to third parties.
2.4. We reserve the right to use your IP address to determine and publicly share your location.
2.5. If You send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users this Product or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on this Product, we have a right to collect such information into a file that is accessed only by authorized our personnel or representatives. We may also collect comments about you made by other users of the Product.
2.6. There might be a function in this Product, under which you may choose to use our referral service to tell a friend or friends about us. In this case, we will ask you for your friend's email address or phone number and email or send an SMS your friend an invitation to him or her to visit the Product. We do maintain this information to match you with the user you invited.
2.7. This Product may contain links to other Products. You shall be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Products. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Product and to read the privacy statements of each and every web Product that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Product.
3. How we use collected information.
3.1. We use the information we collect to try to provide a safe, efficient, and customized experience. The main aim of use of collected information is to provide our services and features to you, to measure and improve those services and features, and to provide you with customer support.
3.2. We use collected information internally to improve our marketing efforts, analyze the Product usage, improve our content and product offerings and customize the content of the Product and layout. These uses allows us to improve this Product and better tailor your online experience.
3.3. We may use collected information to deliver information that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as banners and promotions.
3.4. We may also send you periodic informational updates via email, provided telephone numbers and/or all other contact sources.
3.5. We may use collected information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce any agreements, policies and rules governing the use of this Product.
We will only provide you with marketing related information after you have, where legally required to do so, opted in to receive those communications and having provided the opportunity for you to opt out at any time.
4. Disclosure of collected information
4.1. We DO NOT sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your permission. However, we do provide collected information to our service providers (e.g., credit card processing companies, billing services) as reasonably necessary or appropriate to provide services on the Product.
4.2. We do disclose information in the aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we DO NOT disclose information in any form that could be used to identify you personally such as phone number, credit card number and bank account number.
4.3. In response to compulsory (required) governmental and/or third party inquiries, we may disclose your personal information to comply with a court order, subpoena, and search warrant.
4.4. We expressly reserve the right to disclose your personal information when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or to enforce our agreements, policies, and rules governing your use of the Product, or to cooperate voluntarily with law enforcement inquiries.
4.5. If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner so that the service can continue to operate. In such a case, your information would remain subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy.
5. Your use of members' information
5.1. You may not use another members' information, whether private or not, for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, or to make unlawful threats. We reserve the right to terminate those who misuse other members' information or who otherwise violate any user agreements, policies, or rules governing the use of the Product.
6. Member disputes
6.1. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other members. Because we are not involved in member interactions, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more members or those who have posted, viewed, or used information on this Product, you release us, including our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries and employees, from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
7. Security
7.1. This Product use reasonable security measures to help protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
8. Disclaimers
8.1. We and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries and employees are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate content posted on the Product, whether caused by users, members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the service, nor for the conduct of any user and/or member whether online or offline.
8.2. We assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user and/or member communications.
8.3. We are not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line-systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any web or mobile product or combination thereof, including injury or damage to users and/or members or to any other person's computer or any other device related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the Product and/or in connection with the service.
8.4. Under no circumstances we will be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's use of the Product or the service and/or any content posted on the Product or transmitted to members.
9. Limitation on liability
9.1. Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted (and in that event liability is disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by law), in no event we shall be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits arising from your use of the Product.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Upon expiry of the applicable retention period, we will securely delete, destroy or anonymize your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
10. Reservations to this Privacy Policy
10.1. The Product reserves its right, in their sole and absolute discretion, to revise, amend, modify or revoke this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner to the fullest extent permitted by law. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective by posting revisions on the Product's Privacy Policy page.
10.2. Any changes posted on this page will be effective from the date of posting.
10.3. It is your responsibility to check Privacy Policy and terms of use of the Product.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices or would like to exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy, please contact us via info@whoanalytics.co. You may also contact us by postal at our address stated above.