Home
Privacy Policy for Mobile Apps
Star Micronics Co., Ltd. (“STAR”, “we”, “our” or “us”) sets forth this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) with regard to the treatment of your device functions and information accessed through the mobile applications (“STAR’s Apps”) provided by STAR.
Unless otherwise specified, we do not collect or use your personal information through STAR’s Apps.
*This Policy applies to all applications provided by STAR.
1. Functions and Information that STAR's Apps Access and its purpose
When you use STAR’s Apps, STAR’s Apps may, only with your consent, use the following functions and information on your device for the following purposes:
Camera
To scan the QR code
®
for printer registration
To take images with STAR’s Apps
Location information system
To pair a Bluetooth
®
printer
To search for Wi-Fi
®
access points
Image files
To print out image files
To register the image file as a logo to be printed on the receipt
The above functions, image files and other files in the device
To provide each function and information to the website in response to a request from such website
Unless otherwise specified, we do not collect or use your personal information through STAR’s Apps. However, the following non-personally identifiable information may be used as statistical data for the purpose of improving services of our products.
Usage information and setting state of STAR’s APPs
To improve the functionality of STAR’s APPs, fix problems, and analyze data
2. Your Consent
Please read and agree to this Policy before using STAR’s Apps.
3. Our policy on the Handling of Personal Information
Please refer to the following URL for our policy on the handling of personal information.
https://www.star-m.jp/eng/kj/index.html
4. Changes to this Policy
We may amend this Policy at any time; provided, however, in the event of an amendment, we inform you of the amended version by displaying it on our website or by other appropriate means.
5. Trademarks of others
Please refer to the following URL for the respective owners of trademarks or registered trademarks of others in this document.
https://www.star-m.jp/eng/trademarks.html