GO BACK
Privacy Statement
Your Right to Privacy
In this statement we explain how we respect your privacy in relation to the information you provide to us when you use this website, EBS Online Banking (EBS Your Accounts Online) and any EBS App.
When we talk about Apps we mean an EBS application which can either be downloaded from a software application to a mobile device and can be used to access EBS Online Banking and/or any Banking Services.
When we talk about “EBS” or “us” or “we” in this statement we are talking about EBS d.a.c. which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. For more information about our group of companies (“AIB Group”), please visit
AIB Group website.
Information we collect and Use
When you visit our website and/or our Apps we collect information relating to your interactions through these online channels.
In some cases the information we collect will be anonymous and it will simply tell us what pages have received the most activity and are of particular interest to our customers in general.
We will always let you know how we intend to use your information before collecting it, so that you can decide whether or not you wish to provide that information.
We may collect and process information about you such as:
What pages you have viewed;
Certain interactions you have had on those pages;
The number of times you may have visited a particular page; and/or
The amount of time you may have spent on certain pages.
This information enables us to provide you with a more efficient and effective customer service by developing a wider understanding and appreciation of our customer base. Where we have identified you specifically we can offer you a more bespoke user experience and assist you with any customer service issues you may have experienced or may be experiencing.
To use your information lawfully, we rely on one or more of the following legal bases:
performance of a contract;
legal obligation;
protecting the vital interests of you or others;
public interest;
our legitimate interests; and
your consent.
To meet our regulatory and legal obligations, we collect some of your personal information, verify it, keep it up to date through regular checks, and delete it once we no longer have to keep it. We may also gather information about you from third parties to help us meet our obligations. If you do not provide the information we need, or help us keep it up to date, we may not be able to provide you with our products and services.
Sometimes we need your consent to use your personal information. With direct marketing for example, we need your consent to make you aware of products and services which may be of interest to you. We may do this by phone, post, email, text or through other digital media. When we use sensitive personal information about you, such as medical or biometric data, we ask for your consent. Before you give your consent, we tell you what information we collect and what we use it for. You can remove your consent at any time by contacting us.
Telephone calls may be monitored or recorded to ensure that we carry out your instructions correctly and to help improve the quality of our service and in the interests of security.
Sharing Data
Sometimes we share your information with third parties.
For example to:
provide products, services and information;
analyse information;
research your experiences dealing with us;
collect debts;
sell your debts;
sell whole or part of our business;
prevent financial crime;
help trace, investigate and recover funds on your behalf;
trace information;
protection both our interests; and/or
meet any applicable law, regulation or lawful request.
Where the third party is a data controller, they have the same obligations under Data Protection law to protect your data, as we do.
Where the third party is a data processor, we require that these third parties provide a sufficient guarantee that the necessary safeguards and controls have been implemented to ensure there is no impact on your data rights and freedoms.
We also have to share information with third parties to meet any applicable law, regulation or lawful request. When we believe we have been given false or misleading information, or we suspect criminal activity we must record this and tell law enforcement agencies, which may be either in or outside Ireland.”
Further information about how we share data is available on
our Data Protection Notice.
International Transfer of Data
We may transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) to help us provide your products and services. We expect the same standard of data protection is applied outside of the EEA to these transfers and the use of the information, to ensure your rights are protected.
How We Keep Your Information Safe
We know that you care about how your information is used, stored and shared. We appreciate your trust in us to do that. To protect your information we use security measures that comply with Irish Law and meet international standards. This includes computer safeguards and secure files and buildings.
When you contact us to ask about your information, we may ask you to identify yourself. This is to help protect your information.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We do not hold your information for longer than necessary to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. We will hold your information while you are a customer and for a period of time after that. We do not hold it for longer than necessary.
Your rights
You have a number of rights in relation to your information which you have shared with us.
Access to your personal information:
You can ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold. You can ask us about how we collect, share and use your personal information.
Updating and correcting your personal details.
Removing consent:
You can change your mind wherever you give us your consent, such as for direct marketing, or using your sensitive information, such as medical or biometric data.
Restricting and objecting:
You may have the right to restrict or object to us using your personal information or using automated decision making.
Deleting your information (your right to be forgotten).
You may ask us to delete your personal information.
Moving your information (your right to Portability).
Where possible we can share a digital copy of your information directly with you or another organisation.
If you wish to exercise any of your data rights, refer to
our data protection notice
to see more detail about how you can action your data protection rights.
Data Protection Office
Our Data Protection Officer oversees how we collect, use, share and protect your information to ensure your rights are fulfilled. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@aib.ie
or by writing to them at: Data Protection Officer, 10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, D02 R126.
Making a Complaint
If you have a complaint about the use of your personal information, please let a member of staff in your local EBS office know, giving them the opportunity to put things right as quickly as possible.
If you wish to make a complaint you may do so in person, by telephone, in writing and by email. Please be assured that all complaints received will be fully investigated. You can register a complaint through our contact centre, our local offices, our Website, by phone, or by email.
We ask that you supply as much information as possible to help our staff resolve your complaint quickly.
You can also contact the Office of the Data Protection Commission using the below details:
Visit the data protection website.
Cookies
How we use cookies, why we use them, and how this allows us to improve our service to you and an option to manage your cookie preferences is available in
our Cookie Notice.
Disclaimer
EBS, its directors, employees, servants and agents, affiliates or other representatives and their respective parent and subsidiary companies, shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this privacy statement and your consents.
This Site and our Apps may contain hypertext links to associated web sites maintained by EBS and you are warned that when you enter such sites, you will be subject to the terms and conditions of those sites. There may also be links to web sites not maintained by EBS and you are warned that when you enter other websites via such hypertext links, you will not be subject to the terms and conditions of
EBS.ie
and you will not benefit from the protections afforded to you in using our Site. EBS will not be liable in any way for the content, availability or use of such third party websites and you use such links entirely at your own risk.
Additional Information
EBS partners with third parties who provide services to us. You can navigate to these parties’ websites from our website. Our partners may use cookies, and you can find out more on their website.
EBS may embed external content from third party websites (eg. YouTube) within the EBS website.
EBS partners with third parties who provide services to us. You can navigate to these parties' websites from our website. Our partners may use cookies, and you can find out more on their website.
Amendments
EBS reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this privacy statement at any time, you should regularly check this privacy statement for any amendments.
Terms and Conditions
This Privacy Statement is subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use of the EBS d.a.c.  website, a copy of these are  available on www.ebs.ie It is important that you read the terms and conditions of use as where there is a conflict between this Privacy Statement and the Terms and Conditions of Use, the Terms and Conditions of Use shall prevail.
In certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose personal information relating to you to third parties in order to prevent, detect or prevent fraud.
Feedback
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise this website and our ads for you. We also use them to improve how the site functions and to share with our partners how the site is used. We only do this with your consent. You can choose to “Allow all” cookies or accept only some with “Adjust my preferences”. You can reject all non-essential cookies by choosing to “Accept only necessary” cookies. Disabling some cookies may change what you see on the site, how it works and the services we offer you. To find out more, see our
Cookie Policy
Adjust my preferences
Accept only necessary
Allow all
About Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
About Cookies
When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve your personal data through our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, which we collectively refer to as “cookies”. Cookies may be set by us, our partners and/or your browser. Cookies help make our website work, or make it work more efficiently, and they may recognise and remember your preferences and show you personalised ads. Some of these cookies are essential to make our website work correctly, so they cannot be turned off. Others are non-essential but are very useful to us and you can choose whether to enable these or not. Select the cookie categories for more information on the different types of cookies we use. Our default setting is to have all non-essential cookies turned off unless you choose to enable them. You can either “Allow all” or use the sliders to make your choice and click “Adjust my preferences”. You can reject all non-essential cookies by choosing to “Accept only necessary” cookies. This will allow a cookie to remember what choices you made. You can manage your preferences at any time by clicking the Cookie link at the bottom of every page on the website. To find out more about how we use cookies please see our
Cookie Policy
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site, without knowing who the visitor is. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is anonymous.
Cookie Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our website by us or by our third party partners. They may be used by us or by our third party partners to store information about your preferences and to show you relevant adverts on our website or our third party partner’s websites, to personalise our website, to tailor our marketing communications to you and to measure and improve our performance. These cookies may not contain any information that personally identifies you, but other personal data that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from the cookies. You can choose to disable these cookies, but you will experience content and adverts that are less relevant to you.
Cookie Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel