iOS Privacy
Home
//
iOS Privacy
Wolfiz Technology is developing IOS application. These applications are provided by Wolfiz Technologies and intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding developer policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions. If you desire to use our Applications, then you agree to the use of information in relation with this policy for our application. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Applications. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
For the best experience, we may need you to provide us with certain personal information, e.g. camera, gallery, Face recognition using ios vision api and location access. The information that we request is stored on your device and is not collected by us or any third party. In Addition, we do not collect any of the face data nor we store face data. Location information. When you use our services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including GPS, and other sensors that may access points to provide you services. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service with ease and access
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide and check the service on our side
To inform and assist how our Service is used.
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app Firebase Analytics Personal Data.
The data we collect is stored inside app.
We don’t store or upload any kind off user data to any server or using third-party API Security. We value your trust in providing us your anonymized Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Questions and Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Policy at any time. We will post all changes to this Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified policy effective date. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Wolfiz Technologies, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Contact Us If you have questions and any type of suggestion then feel free to contact us. Email: info@wolfiz.support