Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Word Search Journey Privacy Policy.docx
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
PRIVACY POLICY - Word Search Journey
When you use Word Search Journey, we will process your personal browsing data.
PLAYVALVE
S.L.
(hereinafter,
"PLAYVALVE"
) will be the data controller of the information collected.
It is important for us to process your data in a safe and secure way. The following information will help you to understand how we will process the information you provide to us.
A. What type of personal data do we process?
(ii)
Identifiers
The device ID or other user’s IDs (geolocalization data, device information).
B. Why do we store your personal data?
(i)
Device ID
No users will be identified by their usage behaviour. This information is used only to improve the application by optimising its performance and functionality, including troubleshooting problems caused by bugs or malfunctioning of the application.
The data processed during the provision of services may be used to enable the improvement of the internal processes of PLAYVALVE. This processing is based on the performance of the relationship with PLAYVALVE.
(ii)
Notifications
These pop-up notifications may display information about application events or information about PLAYVALVE and its products and services. It is done on the basis of your consent (directly or through your smartphone settings) to show notifications to those who have authorised or not objected, i.e., according to your preferences.
In order to configure the application's push notifications, you will need to access your mobile device's settings:
In Android settings select the PLAYVALVE application and from "Permissions" or "Notifications" you can disable pop-up notifications from this application.
On iOS you will be asked for consent when installing the application, however, you can configure this from the iOS settings in the "Notifications" section.
C. How long will your personal data be stored?
(i)
On the phone:
Your information will remain on the device until the application is uninstalled. However, you can decide what personal data is stored on your phone and for how long, or intentionally delete it.
(ii)
In the PLAYVALVE database:
The only personal data that will be stored is your browsing data.
To delete the information, you can send an email to
contact@playvalve.com
indicating your ADVERTISING ID (IDFA or AAID).
D. Your rights
(i) Right of access
: you can view your personal data contained in PLAYVALVE associated with your contract at any time via the 'Settings' sites.
(ii) Right to rectification
: you can correct and modify your personal data contained in the PLAYVALVE application through the (...)
(iii) Right to erasure
: you can delete your personal data within the PLAYVALVE application through the section where the data is located or by going to 'Settings' and scrolling to the option "Delete account".
(iv) Right to data portability
: you may exercise this right by contacting
contact@playvalve.com
specifying that you wish to exercise this right.
(v) Right to withdraw consent
.
Also, remember that you can withdraw your authorisation for push notifications:
In Android settings select the PLAYVALVE application and from "Permissions" or "Notifications" you can disable pop-up notifications from this application.
On iOS you will be asked for consent when installing the application, however, you can configure this from the iOS settings in the "Notifications" section.
Last Update: July 2021
Copyright: @PLAYVALVE; All rights reserved