Privacy Policy
Augie
Learn's
mission is to create and grow a new way of
learning for students across the globe. We provide a safe and private
environment for children, students, parents, teachers, administrators
worldwide.
This Privacy Policy describes
the ways in which Augie Learn, (collectively, we, our, us, or the Company)
collects, uses, and discloses information about users who use your Account
through Augie Learn, and any other websites, applications, and online services
(Apps) that link to this policy (collectively, the Services), including
AugieLearn
for Schools. We offer school accounts (as
defined below) for schools, school boards and districts and other licensed
educational institutions or programs (each, an Educational Institution). We
will only use your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
During registration to Augie
Learn, we may ask you to allow access to your camera or microphone. Allowing these
are only to enhance the users in app experience and will only be used as
permission within the app. We may also ask you to provide your name, email, grade
and academic level.
We aim to
collect information privately and securely.
If you gain
access through Augie Learn via your school/school district/school board this
privacy policy also applies in full.
Details This
Privacy Policy of our policy for the collection, processing, use and, in some
specific cases, the transfer of your personal information, according to any
regulations.
By using the
Augie Learn Website, you have accepted the collection, processing, use and
transfer of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Site and any personal information you provide through the Site
or any other means of contact will remain subject to this Privacy Policy and
Terms and Conditions and / or other defined policies.
This Privacy
Policy deals with the following topics:
- What personal
information is collected on you through the Site or Services;
- The way
information is used;
- With what
data can be shared;
- How to access
your personal information and modify it if necessary;
- We interact
with other websites;
- How can you
contact us
What
information is collected?
We receive and
store information, including personal information about you and your use of our
services. This information is collected in a variety of ways, including once posted
on our site and from interactions with our services. Personal information is
information that can be used exclusively, directly or indirectly, to identify
or contact you. no personal information is information that does not allow a
direct association with the other. We may collect, use, transfer and divulge
non-personal information for any purpose.
How we collect,
use, and disclose information depends on the type of Account and the type of
user that registered for an account.
Adult users
(parent and educational administrators) will be asked for information including
name (first and last), email, phone number. For security reasons if you make a purchase
through the play store or app
store
we do not store
your payment information.
Student or children accounts will be asked information
including name (first and last), email.
You may choose
not to provide personal information we ask you, however, to note that
generally, most of the personal information you need is required to provide our
services and the lack of personal information that will prevent us from doing
so.
Augie
Learn's
online and application platform is designed to
help student worldwide with math.
Parents have
the ability to access dashboards and gain valuable and insightful knowledge
about which questions they got right and wrong and how long they spent on each
question.
1.
information collected during registration in our Services
We collect
personal information when you sign up for our services on the Site. We can
combine this information with other information and information we obtain from
our trading partners or other publicly available companies, as permitted by
law. When signing up for some of our services, ask your users to provide basic
contact information (such as your first and last name, email address, and cell
phone number), and demographic information (such as postal code and age
) .
The information required in the registration form
may change periodically. Although additional demographic information may be
required at the time of registration, only data marked "mandatory"
are required for registration and use of our services.
No
subscriptions are accepted by people under the age of eighteen. Our services
are only available to people who are eighteen or older. If we understand that a
user under the age of eighteen, he will close the account and delete the user
information. We are not responsible for any content or ads seen by minors in
violation of this policy.
1. Information
collected through the use of the Site and Services
Keep track of
your interactions with us and collect information about you and your use of our
services, such as IP addresses (in other words, your computer's location on the
Internet) for system administration, troubleshooting security and to examine
general traffic trends.
This information
is recorded in aggregate form for administrative purposes.
We can also
use
cookies,
small data files stored on the
computer to personalize and adapt parts of our services and site to your
preferences. For example, we may use this cookie to identify you as a
registered user of our Services. By using the Site and Services, it has
accepted the use of cookies. You may choose not to allow the browser to accept
cookies, they realize that by doing so, some of the areas or features of our
site may be limited, alas.
1. What do we
do with the information we collect?
We use the
information collected by you to do the following:
to offer
services;
Confirming his
agreement with us to use the Services;
Applied Costs
of Services and Process Other Transactions Between You and Us;
Improve our
site;
Releasing
awards and recognitions and distinctions of our various competitions;
Customize some
pages or services to you; is
You send
promotional information and service updates.
1. By which do
we share the information?
Augie Learn is
committed to keeping all of your data private and protected.
Our Policy is
to not disclose personal information to third parties except in the following
cases:
We may disclose
this information to other suppliers (such as data storage and processing
plants) that we use to help us offer our services subject to confidentiality
obligations similar to those contained in this policy;
We may also
disclose information about you as if it is necessary to comply with laws,
regulations, judicial or administrative decisions or other governmental
authorities or to prevent harm to oneself or others;
Finally, we may
disclose your personal information at the time of the sale or sale to another
entity of all or almost all of our securities or the property of the business
line referred to this Privacy Policy or any other business reorganization.
We may also
share aggregate demographic information and other information regarding the use
of our services with third parties for marketing and for other purposes.
No
third party
permission to use or disclose your personal
data except to provide the services you have requested.
The Company may
need to transfer your personal data internationally to third parties located
outside the European Union. By registering on the site and using the services,
the user acknowledges and accepts the transfer. It is understood that countries
where we are able to transfer information may not have an adequate level of
personal data security. Such transfers are carried out in accordance with
applicable laws and the Company will ensure that the high level of security
measures for all
third party
vendors
required is respected.
We ask all
users to review this Privacy Policy every so often and write to us with any
questions or concerns. If you do not agree with any updates, you may cancel
your account and discontinue the service at any time. By continuing to use our
services after a change to this Privacy Policy, you are agreeing to accept the
changes and the terms of the updated Privacy Policy in their entirety.
1. Access your
account
You may access
your account anytime by logging into our application or website.
You may modify
or change your information at any time.
Child User Information collected from Child Users
may be used:
We may also collect user inputs within the app to
create a tailored learning path for users. These data inputs will be also used
to analyze, provide progress reports on, or provide an assessment of a Child
User’s performance to the Adult User on the Account.
1. Other
websites
Our site may
contain links to other websites managed by third parties whose information
management policies may differ from ours. Once we try to associate with trusted
Web sites, we
can not
be responsible for
information management practices from these other websites. Any information
provided to third parties that provide services, and any vendor who advertise
our Site or Services, they may be subject to different rules for use or
disclosure. These related web sites have separate and independent privacy statements,
alerts, and terms of use, which we recommend a careful reading. 1. safety Your
privacy is important to us and we take administrative, technical, physical and
management to protect the security of personal information collected. However,
we
can not
guarantee that the security
measures taken will completely eliminate all the risks of misuse disclosure or
the use of your personal information by third parties. It is responsible for
maintaining the security of any keyword access IDs that are provided. Please
contact us as soon as you become aware of unauthorized use of your password or
any breach of security. We do not assume any liability for any claim, loss,
liability or expense arising from the use of keywords or IDs, whether
authorized or not. We may also
iframe
within our
application to give access to additional content from our web application.
1. Communication
of variation
As we update
and expand our services, we reserve the right to make any changes to this
Privacy Policy at our discretion. We put all reviews on the site or through our
services. We encourage you to review the privacy statement regularly to review
your changes. The most up-to-date version of the Privacy Policy replaces all
previous versions.
We may
also
send
push
Notifications and SMS notifications
once
you downloaded the App on your mobile device to access the Services, as part of
your use of the Services we may ask if you would like to receive push
notifications, which may include alerts and notifications that may chime on
your mobile or tablet. You can stop receiving push notifications at any time by
changing the settings on your mobile device. Please note that your carrier may
charge you for the text messages you receive
Continuing to
access our services or use them after these changes become effective, it is
bound to be bound by modified privacy. If there is a change in this policy
affecting your personal information, we will notify you of the change from by
email address you provided. At the time of sending the message, you may choose
not to receive this change anymore in using the information by posting a written
reply message, subject however any subsequent use of the site subject to the
new Privacy Policy.
Terms and Conditions
By Creating an account on Augie Learn you agree to
comply with terms and conditions and privacy policy.
By creating an
account
you
have read, acknowledged and understood all terms and privacy policy agreements.
Terms and conditions may be updated at any time so
we advise you check back every so often to see if any changes have been made.
Personal Information
You information ill be collected and stored safely.
You can access
your
inform at anytime within the app
or website.
Augie Learn does not own or claim any of your
personal information and will only share your information as outlined in our
privacy policy
You may at any time ask us to remove, update or delete any personal data that has been given to the company. You also at any time have the right to withdraw your consent on Augie Learn using your personal data with third parties. To amend, remove or delete any personal data please send an email to support@augielearn.com with the email subject Request to my Personal Data
Account Creation
In order to use
Augie
Learn parents or teacher or students will be required to enter their email and
other information.
Upon entering your email for Augie Learn you will
be prompted to create a username and password.
Please only create a login with an email you can
access.
You must be 18 years or older to create a parent o
teacher account
Canceling Your Account
You can cancel your account at any time by logging
into the Augie app or website.
We have the right to cancel or terminate your
account at any time if you do not meet with our terms and privacy policy. Augie
Learn may cancel you access to the site at anytime without notice.
By logging into the Augie Learning application or
website you agree that Augie Learn and
it’s
partners
are not liable for any information you enter to log in, however Augie Learn
will do everything to protect your data at all times.
Subscription
You may cancel your subscription at any time:
-
Open
the Settings app.
-
Tap
your name.
-
Tap
Subscriptions.
-
Tap
the subscription that you want to manage.
-
Tap
Cancel Subscription.
– Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at
confirmation of purchase
–
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least
24-hours before the end of the current period
– Account
will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current
period, and identify the cost of the renewal
Disclaimer
Supplier does not have any statement, COMMITMENT OR
WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES, CONTENT OR MATERIALS PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES
WILL NOT BE WITHOUT INTERRUPTIONS OR ERRORS NOT INCLUDED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SERVICES, SITE AND ALL INFORMATION OR CONTENT IN
OR SUPPLIED BY OR
OR
THE SITE ARE DESIGNED TO YOU
"AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND "WHERE ARE" PERSONAL
USE, NO COMMERCIAL.
Indemnification
When signing up to Augie Learn you agree to
indemnify and hold harmless Augie Learn, it’s directors, owners, employees and
affiliates from all
third party
claims or damages in
relation to any financial losses; including lawyer fees.
Governance and Law
Augie Learn and all terms of use and service are
governed under the law and province of Ontario, Canada. Users of the app agree
to uphold any legal disputes under and within the province of Ontario in
relation to any of the terms and service of use.
Changes to the Terms of Service
The Augie App can change its’ Terms of Service at
any time without notice or warning. Commercial use of the software should be
used only when it has written permission from its owners.
The Application and Service
You may not at any times copy, reverse engineer,
re-create any of Augie Learns software in part or in whole at any time.
Access To Network/Devices
You are responsible for obtaining the necessary
data network access to download and use the App. The data and message rates and
fees of your mobile network may apply if you access or use the Application from
a wireless device and you will be responsible for said rates and fees. You are
responsible for purchasing and updating compatible hardware or having the
necessary devices to access and use the Application. Augie Learn does not
guarantee that the Application will work on any particular hardware or device.
Both accessing our site and the use that you make of our products or services
through third parties will correspond to contractual relationships with third
parties, for which Augie Learn cannot be held responsible.
Restrictions
You may not: (
i
) remove
any copyright, trademark or other trademark proprietary notices from any part
of the Application; (ii) reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works on the
content of the Application, distribute, license, lease, resell, transfer,
publicly display, publicly present, transmit, retransmit or otherwise exploit
the Application, except as permitted expressly by society; (iii) decompile,
reverse engineer, or disassemble the Application; (iv) link, reflect or frame
any part of the Application; (v) cause or launch any program or script for the
purpose of extracting, indexing, analyzing or otherwise prospecting for data
from any part of the Application, unduly overloading or blocking the operation
and/or functionality of any aspect; or (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access
or damage any aspect of the Application or its related systems or networks.
Notice
Augie Learn is suggested for use from the age of 3
and up. The products and services designed and developed by Augie Learn are
complementary educational tools and are not substitutes for formal education.
Augie Learn suggests that parents, educators and representatives take into
account and respect the suggestions on the use of mobile devices and the
appropriate exposure time in children, which are made by national and
international pediatric medical institutions.
Limitation of Liability
AUGIE LEARN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGE, LOST PROFIT, LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA, PHYSICAL INJURY,
PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR FOR ANY DAMAGE OR INJURY ARISING FROM THE USE OF ANY OF THE
SERVICES OFFERED AT ABC WORLD, EXCEPT WHEN AUGIE LEARN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF SUCH
RISKS OR DAMAGES. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION ARE NOT INTENDED TO LIMIT THE
LIABILITY OR ALTER YOUR RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER
APPLICABLE LAW.