Bagelcode, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Last modified: Jun 29, 2021
In this Privacy
Policy, Bagelcode, Inc.
("Bagelcode")
provides important information on how information is
collected, used, and disclosed when you visit or use a
Bagelcode’s game
or application ("Service").
Please
read this carefully.
By accessing and/or using Bagelcode website or any
Bagelcode Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy
Policy.
The term
"Bagelcode"
means
Bagelcode, Inc. and/or its Affiliates. The term
"Affiliate"
means
subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures, and any other parties, persons,
or corporate entities in common control of, by, or with Bagelcode. The
term
"Bagelcode Service"
or
“Service”
means
the websites of Bagelcode, including
www.bagelcode.com
, any other sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and any other
Bagelcode application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise
accessed by you through third party sites or sources, including the products
and services available through any of the foregoing.
By using the
Service, you agree to the collection, disclosure, storage and use of your
information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want Bagelcode to
collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this
Privacy Policy, you should not play Bagelcode’s games or use our Services.
INFORMATION WE
MAY COLLECT
When you use our Website or any Bagelcode
Service, we may collect Personal Data about you. We have set out below what
data we collect and how we collect it.
Personally Identifiable Information:
We may collect the
following information when you sign up with a Bagelcode Service: first and last
name, date of birth and/or age range, gender, email address,
social
network or third-party service user identification number, transaction related
information for purchases, any other information shared with us by third-party
social network or other online applications
.
Technical Information on User’s Device:
When a user
accesses a Bagelcode Service, we may collect technical information about the
user’s device, such as the IP address that requested the display of the
Bagelcode Service, the operating system type, and the identifiers associated
with the device.
Sign Up and Survey Information:
Any information
you provide to us, and any information you choose to share about yourself as
part of your use of any Bagelcode Service, may be stored as entered.
Chat Conversations:
We collect
information about your communications via our Website or any Bagelcode Service,
including in our chat and messaging facilities (including the content of any
messages you send or post).
Email Communications:
We collect and
store all copies of emails you send to us and our replies to your emails.
Cookies and Web Beacons:
Cookies are small
data files placed on your device's browser to enable our systems to recognize
your browser, track for internal purposes, advertise more efficiently, and to
provide important features. Third-party or partner websites may also place
cookies. We may use Adobe Flash cookies to remember your settings, preferences,
and usage within a Bagelcode Service. Web beacons, clear.gifs or
similar technologies are small pieces of code that we and our service providers
may place on a Bagelcode Service to monitor and collect data about visitor
behavior within the Bagelcode Service.
We may receive a
confirmation when you open email from Bagelcode, if your computer supports such
capabilities. We may also track other types of information, such as game
download and install activity, download errors, purchase records, time and date
activity, session lengths, and other user behavior and gameplay, such as
whether a user has won any of our games, sweepstakes, contests or other
promotions featured on a Bagelcode Service, ad response measurement and other
Bagelcode Services analytics.
Social Networking Sites:
If you access
a Bagelcode Service via a third-party social networking site (a
"
Social Game
"), Bagelcode may receive information
about your social networking site profile and other information shared by the
third party, including your social networking site user ID, first and last
name, profile and cover photos, and e-mail address provided to the Social Game.
If you invite new members into your Social Games network or send messages
through Social Games, we may collect the information associated with those
messages, including your friends' social networking site user IDs, email
addresses and content.
Mobile:
When you download
or access Bagelcode Services via a mobile device, we and our service providers
may receive passive information about your geographical location (based on your
IP address) and your mobile device, including various unique identifiers
associated with your device, hardware type, the version of your operating
system, and your in-game activity. We and our service providers may
use this information to provide you with personalized advertising and other
content, including advertising and content based on your location.
Marketing Data:
We collect
information in relation to your response to the marketing activities carried
out by us (e.g. marketing campaigns, competitions, offers, etc) such as
information about when you open your email communications etc.
Aggregated, Anonymous Information:
We may collect
aggregated, anonymized information via Bagelcode Services that do not identify
any single user or device. If you choose to provide a username within a
Bagelcode Service, please do not provide as your username any information that
identifies you in real life, such as your real name.
HOW WE
USE AND SECURE COLLECTED INFORMATION
Bagelcode collects, stores, and uses information for various purposes including
providing improved gaming experience. We may use your username, email address,
and password to uniquely identify you as a user on a Bagelcode Service, to
provide you with services and to process transactions. We may use or display
your username and icon or profile photo, if applicable, for the purposes of
rankings, competitions or sweepstakes, chat identification, and/or game high
scores. We may also use or display your username and icon or profile photo for marketing
purpose or press releases. Your username, profile and icon or profile photo may
also be displayed in any Bagelcode Service. We may use your date of birth to
confirm your eligibility to participate in Bagelcode Services.
Subject to the
terms of this Privacy Policy, we may use your contact information to process
our promotional newsletters and/or email campaigns and to send you updates,
security alerts, or administrative messages relating to Bagelcode Services.
Your contact information will allow us to notify you about new features,
enhancements, or resolution of Bagelcode Services problems, to handle and/or
route your customer support questions and issues, and inform you of upgrade
opportunities, sweepstakes, contests, prizes, and/or special events.
If our "Tell
a friend" feature is available within a particular Bagelcode Service, and
you choose to participate in it, your email will be shared with the person to
whom you send the Bagelcode Service using this feature. We may use an IP
address to surface the appropriate country-based version of a Bagelcode Service
to a user, or to exercise our ability to restrict access to the site by users
who have violated our Terms of Use.
We and our third-party
service providers use cookies and other technologies, such as mobile device
identifiers, to enhance your experience with Bagelcode Services. These
technologies enable us and our service providers to run our affiliate programs
and provide you with customized content or offerings, such as personalized
Bagelcode advertisements on other websites and mobile applications and
personalized third-party advertisements within certain Bagelcode Services.
Cookies also enable you to automatically sign in when you access a Bagelcode
Service and offer other operational activities within a Bagelcode Service. We
and our third-party service providers may also use cookies and other
technologies to manage and measure the performance of third-party
advertisements within certain Bagelcode Services and Bagelcode advertisements
on third-party sites and mobile applications. This helps us and our service
providers provide more relevant advertising to you. We and our third-party
service providers may also use web beacons to monitor user behavior and collect
information about visitors viewing a web page.
We may use
information collected to calculate aggregate, anonymized statistics about our
user community for the purpose of enhancing our Bagelcode Services, or for
security purposes.
If you access a
Social Game, we may use your social networking site profile ID to link your
social networking site account with your activities within the Social Game or
offer personalized Bagelcode advertisements on the social networking site. We
may use your social networking site first, last and user names and icon to
identify you to the social networking site account you've linked to your
activities within the Social Game, as well as for the purposes of rankings,
competitions, sweepstakes, game high scores and/or identification to your social
network.
If you access a
Social Game and provide us with another person's contact information for
purposes of delivering information through a Social Game, we may use this
information to contact, and if necessary, remind that person that he or she has
been invited to join a Social Game, or received content through a Social Game.
All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations
from Bagelcode.
We at Bagelcode
take reasonable measures to help protect the information we collect from loss,
theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
SHARING
INFORMATION
We may share
customer information with Bagelcode Affiliates, as described below.
Third-Party Marketplaces and Service Providers:
We may disclose
your personal information as well as aggregate, anonymous information to third-party
business partners, marketplaces, and third parties who perform services for and
on our behalf, such as payment processing, prize fulfillment, delivering
packages, sending postal mail, collecting and analyzing data, optimizing game
play, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links),
and providing advertising and marketing assistance, including serving ads on
our behalf on third-party websites and mobile applications and serving ads on
behalf of third parties within certain Bagelcode Services. Those third parties
have access to your personal information only as necessary to perform their
functions, and for no other purposes.
Business Transfers:
As Bagelcode
continues to grow, we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business
units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the
transferred assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Bagelcode, or
substantially all of its assets, are acquired, customer information would in
most cases be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Bagelcode and Others:
We may be required
to also disclose your information if there is a violation of the
Terms of Use
or other agreements; if we have belief that the law requires it;
or if needed to protect the rights, property or safety of Bagelcode, our
customers or others. This includes exchanging information with entities for
fraud detection and protection, and credit risk reduction.
ACCESSING,
UPDATING, AND MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
Bagelcode enables
you to access a wide range of information about your account and your
interactions with Bagelcode Services. You may contact us about your information
and your intentions for limiting the use and disclosure of your information by
emailing us at
support@bagelcode.com
.
Promotional Email Communications:
When you create a
customer account or provide access to your email address via a Bagelcode
Service, you may be automatically registered to receive one or more of our
promotional e- newsletters. Note that when you provide an email address through
a Bagelcode Service, we treat that as a request to be enrolled in one of our
promotional e-newsletter lists, even if you previously opted out of receiving
newsletters from us. If you change your mind and wish to opt out again, you may
do so at any time by clicking the
"
unsubscribe
"
link at the bottom of any newsletter, and then following the instructions
provided. I
f you express interest in a Bagelcode
Service by clicking on a banner within a newsletter, you may be automatically
registered to receive newsletters relating to the Bagelcode Service that
appeared in the banner.
At any time, you may opt-out of
receiving a newsletter by selecting the "
unsubscribe
" link at
the bottom of any newsletter. We treat
each
Bagelcode Service individually, so if you are receiving mailings from more than
one Bagelcode Service, and you want to unsubscribe, you must do so with respect
to each individually. You may also contact us at
support@bagelcode.com
Please note that we reserve the right to send you non-promotional,
account or administrative emails even if you opt out of receiving promotional
e-newsletters.
Cookies, Online Advertising and Analytics:
Please refer to your browser
settings and help section to learn about blocking, erasing or being notified of
cookies. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of
Bagelcode Services' essential features, we recommend that you leave cookies
turned on. For example, you may not be able make purchases on Bagelcode
Services without having cookies turned on. To opt out of receiving personalized
advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and
other services providers, please visit
aboutads.info
.
Mobile Advertising:
Most mobile
devices provide the ability to opt out of the collection and use of information
from the apps you use for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests.
For more information, and to exercise these choices, consult the settings on
your device.
Social Games:
With respect to
Social Games, you may manage your own social network privacy preferences
through your social networking site account.
THIRD PARTIES
Bagelcode Services
may allow you to play or share information through social media (such as by
logging in through a social media account or using a "Like" button)
or contain links to social media services or other third parties. The use of these
features and links are subject to the privacy policies of those companies and
your settings on those services. Bagelcode has no control over, and is not
responsible for, the information submitted to or collected by social networks
or other third parties. We encourage you to review those third-party privacy
policies to understand the way your information may be collected and handled by
such third parties.
CHAT &
MESSAGING FEATURES
Bagelcode Services
may operate message boards and/or chat areas where users can exchange ideas and
communicate with each other. When partaking in such communication features, you
acknowledge that the information is being made publicly available in an online
environment. Any information posted is the sole responsibility of the
individual user.
CHILDREN
Bagelcode Services
do not knowingly collect "personal information" as defined in the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") from children
under 13, other than when permitted by COPPA, like for support of internal operations.
If you are under 13, you may not register for an account or otherwise provide
any personal information to us.
Bagelcode respects
the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with COPPA.
If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information
to Bagelcode, he or she can contact us via email at
support@bagelcode.com
. We will take reasonable measure to promptly remove the information
upon learning that it was inadvertently gathered from a child under the age of
13. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and
encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online
activities regularly.
GDPR
The General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) introduces obligations that will impact companies around the
world. This law offers a common framework across the European Union (EU) for
organizations exposed to personally identifiable information (PII) relating to
individuals located in the EU. The GDPR sets a new level and cost of
accountability that all organizations - even those that don't do business in
Europe - must pay attention to.
If you want to
review, delete, or change the information Bagelcode has about you or have
additional questions, contact us via email at
support@bagelcode.com
and we will respond to your request within thirty days.
You, as a user,
have the right to:
- Review your
personal data
- Correct errors in your personal data
- Object to processing of your personal data
- Erase your personal data
You can erase your
personal data any time. Please be advised that by deleting your personal data,
all game progress, and virtual goods or currency paid for and/or earned across
ALL Bagelcode games will be terminated. Copies of some material (example: log
records) may remain in our database but are disassociated from personal
identifiers.
Data Retention
We will not keep
your Personal Data for longer than required. The precise duration for which we
keep your Personal Data when you have a live member account with us or for a
period after you cease to be a member with us, can vary and depends on various
reasons. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we
consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential
risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the
purposes for which we process your Personal Data and whether we can achieve
those purposes through other means, and what the law requires us to do. For
example, we retain a copy of your Member Account’s records of all financial and
wagering transactions together with any identification provided for as long as
is necessary for the relevant service and for no longer than 7 years after you
have closed your Member Account.
When we no longer need to keep your Personal Data, we anonymize it securely and
this process cannot be reversed. Additionally, where we decide to retain your
information for analytics purposes, we will fully anonymize it in accordance
with applicable security standards, so it can never be linked back to an
individual.
Please note that
if you decide to opt-out from receiving marketing communications from us, we
will need to retain a copy of your contact details, so we can add them to our
suppression list and make sure you do not receive any information about our
future marketing activities.
Please
contact
support@bagelcode.com
if
you need any further information.
AGREEMENT WITH
BAGELCODE POLICIES
By accessing
and/or using any of the Bagelcode Services, you signify your understanding
of and agreement with this Privacy Policy, and to our
Terms of Use
. If you do not agree with our policies, please do not access or use any
Bagelcode Services.
CHANGES TO
PRIVACY POLICY
We may revise this
Privacy Policy at any time, as we deem appropriate. When we post changes to
this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last modified" date at the
top of this page. We advise you to regularly review this Privacy Policy to be
informed of how Bagelcode collects, uses, and secures your information.