Privacy Policy
When this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or “Data Controller,” it refers to:
© Aleksei Metelkin - listed with NIP: 8992905316 and REGON: 389790360, with registered office at ul. Obrońców Pokoju 16/2, 02-435 Warszawa, Poland. The Company is responsible for the processing of Users’ and/or Customers’ personal data under this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” “Data Controller”).
As a European company, we comply with the European Union’s (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which came into effect on 25 May 2018.
When this policy mentions “User,” “you,” “your,” or “Customer,” it refers to the data subject in accordance with the GDPR definitions.
When this policy mentions “Application” or “app,” it refers to all the apps distributed by the Company.
Our privacy policy explains and informs you about the processing, collecting, disclosing, safeguarding, and use of your personal data when using our application created by © Aleksei Metelkin. We are committed to safeguarding you in case of emergency, unexpected, or unsafe situations. We aim to protect your sensitive data and handle it confidentially in compliance with applicable law.
Information That Is Being Collected by © Aleksei Metelkin
We collect, store, and use your information to implement, develop, and provide better and more effective services to all our users and for our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable law. We only collect the minimal amount of personal data required for the processing.
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download, register, and use the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
When you download, register with us, and use the Application, you generally provide:
Your name, email address, age, user name, password, and other registration information;
Transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us;
Information you provide us when you contact us for help;
Credit card information for purchase and use of the Application;
Information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
Automatically collected information:
Location data used by GPS technology (or other similar technology).
We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices, and marketing promotions.
Use of Information While Processing Personal Data
Name:
May be used for identification, emergency notification to chosen contacts (rescuers), and billing information or related service information.
Email Address:
May be used for identification, subscription, marketing purposes, and updates regarding products and services.
Address:
May be used for identification of your current location, payment or billing information, marketing purposes, and third parties when linking the app to other apps in case of emergencies.
Photo:
May be used for identification of your account and in emergency situations or third parties such as police if you alert them in unsafe circumstances.
Credit Card Information:
Used for payment processed by a third-party payment processor in secure online card transactions.
My Rescuers Contact Details:
May be gathered and stored on our servers to enable communication with your rescuers in case of an emergency.
Third Parties
We may collect personal information from social media accounts if you sign in through Facebook, as permitted under applicable law. This includes profile information and contact details, in accordance with Facebook Data Policy. Sign-in with your Apple ID is required for purchases/subscriptions within the app
The Application may also automatically collect certain information, including device ID, IP address, date and time of use, operating system, and mobile Internet browsers. GPS technology may be used for location-based features and marketing purposes, but your current geolocation will not be shared with other users or partners.
TrueDepth Data
Our Eye Measure app uses the TrueDepth API for pupillary distance measurement. This data is used for pupillary distance measurement and is not collected in any way. After calculating PD, the app saves a photo of the measurement (usually a photo of the user's face) and the distance between pupils. The user can save the measurement and enter their name, but this information is not collected and is stored only on the user's device. The app does not send or share any private information like name, photo, or PD.
Requests for Data Deletion
If you wish to request the deletion of your personal data, please send an email to
info@plantdiseaseidentifier.com
We will process your request and delete your data in accordance with applicable laws and our internal policies.
How Your Personal Information May Be Shared
Your information could be shared or disclosed with third parties only in the limited circumstances mentioned below in this privacy statement or valid legal basis permitted by law.
Requests:
As required by law, including governmental requests, subpoenas, or similar legal processes.
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others:
When disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, your safety, or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Third Party Vendors:
We may share and disclose User-provided and automatically collected information with trusted service providers who work on our behalf and adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Business Transfers:
In the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Opt-Out Rights
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace. You can also request to opt out directly via email at
info@plantdiseaseidentifier.com
.
Data Retention
We may retain User-provided data for as long as you use the Application or for as long as necessary to fulfill our contractual and legal obligations and the purposes outlined in this policy. We may also retain information indefinitely to fulfill the purposes for which it was gathered or as required by law. If you’d like us to delete User-provided data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at
info@plantdiseaseidentifier.com
, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User-provided data may be required for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 4. All activities could be made with parental or guardian consent only. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that their child has provided us with information without their consent, they should contact us at
info@plantdiseaseidentifier.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know it to operate, develop, or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. When you access other websites using our links, we cannot be responsible for their privacy policies and practices. Additionally, take into account that the security of your information also depends on you. The password you use to access the application is sensitive information, and you are responsible for keeping it confidential. Please do not share it with third parties.
Changes
We may reserve the right to update or change this Privacy Policy from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Refund policy
If we receive a refund request for an in-app purchase, we may provide Apple with information about the user's in-app purchase activity. This could include details such as time since app installation, total app usage time, an anonymous account identifier, whether the in-app purchase was fully consumed, whether it included a trial period, the total amount spent, and the total amount refunded.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you consent to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing" means using cookies on a computer/handheld device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining, and disclosing information in accordance with the Application Privacy Policy.
Your Rights Under GDPR
Under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), data protection laws provide rights to individual data subjects, including all data subjects residing in the European Union. These rights include:
The right to access, correct, update, and erase (right to be forgotten) your personal information;
The right to restriction of processing;
The right to data portability, if applicable;
The right to object.
If you are an EU individual, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the Member state of your habitual residence.
For more information, please see GDPR Articles: 15, 16, 17, 18, 20, 21, 77.
If you are unable to access, correct, or delete your personal data or wish to contact us about any of the other rights, please reach out to us via email at
info@plantdiseaseidentifier.com
.
Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
info@plantdiseaseidentifier.com
.
Data Sharing with Apple
We share certain usage data with Apple to comply with App Store policies and to enhance your experience with our app. This data includes information about how the app is used, which helps Apple improve its services and provide insights that benefit both developers and users. The data shared is governed by Apple’s
Privacy Policy
and is handled in compliance with applicable privacy laws.
No personally identifiable information (PII) is shared with Apple without your explicit consent.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account