Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Suits Me provide personal accounts to those who face barriers in opening a bank account. The accounts offer all the features you need to manage your money and comes with a mobile app and contactless Mastercard Debit Card.
The Suits Me® website is operated by Suits Me Limited. (Referred as “Suits Me”, “we”, “our”, “us” in this, Privacy Notice). Suits Me® Limited is registered in England and Wales, with registration number: 07349753. The Old Shippon, Moseley Hall Farm, Chelford Road, Knutsford, Cheshire, WA16 8RB. Suits Me® Card is a TA of Suits Me® Limited.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO) with registration number ZA237140. We have therefore developed this privacy notice to inform you of the data we collect, what we do with your information, what we do to keep it secure as well as the rights and choices you have over your personal data.
Throughout this policy we refer to Data Protection Legislation which means the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA2018), United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), and any legislation implemented in connection with the aforementioned legislation. Where data is processed by a controller or processor established in the European Union or comprises the data of people in the European Union, it also includes the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). This includes any replacement legislation coming into effect from time to time.
IDT Financial Services Limited (“IDT”) is the issuer of the card associated with our Services. IDT is an independent data controller of your Personal Data as it relates to, and is required for, the administration and operation of the card. A copy of IDT’s privacy policy may be found at
https://idtfinance.com/privacy-policy/
.
What Personal Data Do We Collect and When?
The type of personal data that we will collect from you, and you voluntarily provide to us on this website or as part of a service or product we provide to you may include some or all of the following depending on the type of user you are:
Personal Website Visitor, Applicant, and App Download
Individuals that visit, download, and interact with our website or App.
We will use this information for the purposes of processing your application and, if your application is successful, creating and managing your account and providing any products or services.
Contact Information
Title, First Name, Last Name, Email Address
Contact Details
Mobile Number, Country Code, Address
Your Details
Date of Birth, Nationality, Preferred Language, Asylum Status
ID Type -Mixed Media/ Paperwork
Passport, National Identity Card, Photo Driving Licence; Picture (selfie)
P60, NHS letter or Birth Certificate.
Application Registration Card and/or Home Office Letter.
TV Licence, Utilities bill or pre-payment meter letter, Tenancy agreement or Court letter.
User-Generated Content/Data
Comments, Reviews, Surveys, Free Format Text, Uploaded Files (e.g., images, documents)
User Preferences
Marketing Communication Preferences (e.g., newsletter subscriptions), Notification Preferences, Product or Content Preferences
Social Media Profiles
Linked Social Media Profiles (if users log in with social media accounts)
Website/App Usage Technical Data
Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, the browser type and version, the time zone setting, device language, the operating system and platform, the type of device you use, whether your device uses a virtual private network (VPN), a unique device identifier (for example, your device’s IMEI number, or the mobile phone number used by the device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system and the type of mobile browser you use
Cookies and Tracking Data
Cookies (e.g., session cookies, persistent cookies), User Tracking Information (for analytics and personalisation)
Account Usage Details
Transaction History: Purchases, withdrawals, transfers
Balance and Statements: Account balance, statements
Account Preferences: Settings, notifications, payment methods
Account Activity: Activity frequency and types
Card Usage Details
Transaction History: Purchases, cash withdrawals
Card Management: Records of card activity (e.g., freeze card in App)
Card Usage Preferences: Contactless payment settings, PIN management
Card Activity: Usage frequency and types
App Usage Details
Usage: User navigation and interactions
App Preferences: Customisations, notifications, login history
App Activity: Feature usage, session history
User-Generated Content: Comments, reviews, uploaded files
Location (protect against fraud /Advertising i.e., merchants nearby)
Email, Chat and Communications Data
Email addresses used for communication – Service related communications e.g., Chat Logs, Contact Form Submissions, Customer Support Interactions.
Security and Access Logs
Records of login attempts and account activity.
Corporate/Partner
You are a Corporate Customer or Partner contracted or entering into contract negotiations with Suits Me®.
Business Information
Business name and legal structure (e.g., PLC, Limited, Ltd, LLP)
Business registration/company number
Business address (physical and mailing)
Contact information (phone number, email address)
Description of the nature of the business.
Industry type (e.g., retail, construction).
Ownership and Leadership
Names and contact information of business owners, partners, shareholders, (Beneficial Owners)
Official Government Identification (e.g., Passport, Driving Licence).
Know Your Customer (KYC) Documentation
Passport, National Identity Card, Photo Driving Licence, Bank Statements, Photographs and Signatures, Personal and Business Credit History (if applicable).
Additional information or questionnaires to assess the risk associated with the financial activities.
Account Data (Employer Portal)
Admin user accounts and credentials.
Permissions and roles for admin users.
Login history and activity logs.
Email, Chat and Communications Data
Email addresses used for communication – Service related communications e.g., Chat Logs, Contact Form Submissions, Customer Support Interactions.
Website/App Usage Data
IP Address, Browser Type and Version, Operating System, Device Information (e.g., device type, screen resolution), Date and Time of Website Visits, Pages Visited on the Website, Clickstream Data (User’s navigational path)
Security and Access Logs
Records of login attempts and account activity.
Employees listed/referred?
Corporate partners refer employees to our services
Why and How We use Your Personal Data
We use your personal data to provide the features of the website and App and the services you request
When you use our website or App, we will use your personal data to provide the requested product or service. For example, if you make an enquiry on our website, or participate in an event or promotion, we will use the contact information you give us to communicate with you about the enquiry, event, or promotion. If you contact our customer services, we will use information about you, such as enquiry or payment information, or the service you have purchased to help you resolve a problem or question.
We use your personal data to establish you as a Suits Me® customer
If you sign an agreement to become a Suits Me® customer, we will need to collect and verify information about you and other relevant individuals to set up our products and services for you, including to provide you with support and integration to our products and services.
To conduct KYC and Fraud Prevention checks
The personal data we have collected from you at agreement or at contract stage will be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify you or any of your related persons’ identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services.
When we and/or the fraud prevention agencies process your personal data, we do so on the basis that we have a legitimate interest in verifying your identity and preventing fraud and money laundering, to protect our business and to comply with legal requirements. Such processing is also a contractual requirement of the services requested. We and/or the fraud prevention agencies may also enable law enforcement agencies to access and use your personal data to detect, investigate and prevent crime.
To Operate, Improve and Maintain our Business, Products and Services
We use the personal data you provide to us to operate our business. For example, when you make a purchase, we use that information for accounting, audits, and other internal functions. We may use personal data about how you use our products and services to enhance your user experience and to help us diagnose technical and service problems and administer our website and App.
To Protect Our or Others’ Rights, Property or Safety
We may also use personal data about how you use our website, App and services to prevent, detect, or investigate fraud, abuse, illegal use, violations of our Terms of Use, and to comply with court orders, governmental requests, or applicable law.
To Communicate Information About Our Products, Services, Events and for Other Promotional Purposes
When you consent, we will send you marketing communications and news concerning Suits Me® products, services, events, and other promotions.  You can opt-out at any time after you have given your consent.
If you are an existing customer of Suits Me® (for example, if you are a service user), we may use the contact details you provided to send you marketing communications about similar Suits Me® products or services, where permitted by applicable law (unless you have opted out).
Service messages – Service messages are vital for keeping you informed about critical updates, essential service information, and changes in our Terms and Conditions (T&Cs).
To Process Transactions and Provide Our Services
In basic terms Suits Me® provides all account holders with a e-money account and a contactless Mastercard® debit card with a secure online money account and free mobile app to manage their finances.
Telephone Recording Including the Use of Omni Channel Call Management
We may record telephone calls you make to our customer contact centre to:
Check for mistakes
Train staff
Prevent, detect, investigate, and prosecute fraud
Help plan and make improvements to services
We do this in the interests of offering a good service to our customers. If you object to this, you will need to end the call when you are told that calls may be recorded. Alternative methods of communication are available.
We will delete call recordings up to 24 months after the call was made. This ensures that any subsequent investigations can be completed.
Omni channel call management
We use various functions to allow our customers to interact with us in the best possible way. We do this by using automation and virtual assistance to:
Quickly answer common questions
Providing a virtual voice enabled assistant instead of a fixed options menu
Capturing information from you in advance and presenting this to our staff when they speak to you, reducing call times and confirming information needed to answer your query.
Providing us with call analysis information to help improve the service we provide
If you object to this, you can ask to speak to staff or use an alternative means of contacting us.
Live Chat
As part of our dedication to providing exceptional customer service, we utilise a live chat feature on our website. This feature allows us to offer real-time assistance and support to our customers.
How We Use Live Chat
Our live chat feature is designed to provide you with immediate assistance, answer your questions, and address any concerns you may have regarding our products or services.
During a live chat session, we may collect and store information that you voluntarily provide, such as your name, contact information or other personal details relevant to your inquiry. This information is used solely for the purpose of assisting you and improving our customer service.
We may use data from live chat interactions to analyse trends, identify common customer issues, and enhance our website’s usability and content.
Any information you share during a live chat session is treated with the utmost confidentiality and is subject to the same stringent privacy and data protection policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Using Your Personal Data: The Lawful Basis and Purposes
To process your personal data, we rely on certain lawful basis, depending on how you interact with our website, platform, or services.
If we do process your personal data, we may use one or more of the following lawful basis for processing:
As necessary
to perform our contract with you
for the relevant product, or service, including:
To take steps at your request prior to entering into it
To decide whether to enter into it
To manage and perform that contract
To assess credit risk
To update our records; and
To trace your whereabouts to contact you about your account and recovering debt
As necessary for our own
legitimate interests
or those of other persons and organisations, including:
Governance, accounting, managing, and auditing our business operations
To search at credit reference agencies if you as an individual are over 18 and to confirm your identity
To monitor emails, calls, other communications, and activities on your account, product, or service
For market research, analysis and developing statistics
To send you marketing communications, including automated decision making relating to this
To identify and contact potential customers using publicly available information and internal insight; and
To monitor your or their transactions to assess credit risk, and for the detection and prevention of crime.
As necessary to comply with a
legal obligation
, including:
When you or any of your related persons exercise available rights under data protection law and make requests
For compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and related disclosures
For establishment and defence of legal rights
For activities relating to the prevention, detection, and investigation of crime
To verify your or any of your related persons’ identity, make credit, fraud prevention and anti-money laundering checks; and
To monitor emails, calls, other communications, and activities on your account, product, or service.
Based on your
consent
, including:
When you request us to disclose your or any of your related persons’ personal data to other people or organisations, such as a person or company handling an account or onboarding on your behalf, or otherwise agree to disclosures.
When we process any special categories of personal data about you or your related persons at your request (e.g., your or any of your related persons’ racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation); and
To send you marketing communications where we’ve asked for your consent to do so. You are free at any time to change your mind and withdraw your consent.
Sharing of Your Personal Data
We do not sell your personal data.
We may share your personal data with other organisations in the following circumstances:
If the law or a public authority says we must share the personal data (Government bodies and agencies in the UK, e.g., the Financial Conduct Authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office).
If we need to share personal data to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud and reducing credit risk).
Payment systems (e.g., Visa or Mastercard) and correspondent banks, who may transfer such personal data to others, as necessary to operate your service and for regulatory purposes, to process transactions, resolve disputes and for statistical purposes.
We use data processors who are third parties who provide elements of services for us. We have Data Processing Agreements in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us or further sub-processors who must comply with our Data Processing Agreement. They will hold your personal data securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
Suits Me® entities for the purposes and under the conditions outlined above. This includes Suits Me® Limited, its subsidiaries, and affiliated companies.
We may also transfer personal data we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganisation, spin-off, dissolution, or liquidation).
Social Media Buttons
We use plugins on our website from social media networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter (X). You can recognise these plugins by their logos. Our plugins will not collect personal data about you unless you click on these logos. If you click on them, these plugins are activated and automatically transmit data to the plugin provider.
We do not have any influence over which data these providers collect from you. If you would like more information about their data processing, this can be found in the respective privacy policies on the websites of these providers.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar techniques, such as tags/beacons and JavaScript’s, which are small text files stored on your device. Using cookies is a way for us to make sure that our website is continuously improved, meets your needs and can be used as a tool to optimise our marketing strategy. For us to do this, we place functional cookies to make the website function as well as marketing cookies which help us target the right people and show them advertisements. Some of these cookies track your use of our website and visits to other websites and allow us to show you advertisements when you browse other websites.
Please view our
Cookie Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Rights Under Data Protection Law
The Right to be Informed about our collection and use of personal data
You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data. We ensure we do this with our internal data protection policies and through our external website privacy notice. These are regularly reviewed and updated to ensure these are accurate and reflect our data processing activities.
Right to Access Your Personal Information
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances, by making a request. This is sometimes termed ‘Subject Access Request’. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge and aim to do so within 1 month from when your identity has been confirmed.
We would ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.
Right to Correct Your Personal Information
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.
Right to Stop or Limit Our Processing of Your Data
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information for particular purposes, to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances.
You can ask us to restrict processing your data, for example where:
you’re contesting the accuracy of your personal data.
we no longer need to process your personal data, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims.
you’ve objected to the processing by asking us to stop using your data, but you’re waiting for us to tell you if we have overriding grounds which mean we’re allowed to keep on using it.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.
Right to Erasure
You have the right to have personal data erased. This is also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances. Where the right doesn’t apply, we’ll let you know why we can’t action your request.
This right may be applied where:
Personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was originally collected/processed.
The processing was based on your consent which you withdraw (and there are no other legal grounds for processing that data).
You exercise your right to object and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
There is no lawful reason to retain personal data or if the personal data must be erased to comply with a legal obligation.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.
Right to Portability
The right to portability gives you the right to receive personal data you have provided to a controller in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. It also gives you the right to request that a controller transmits this data directly to another controller.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.
Rights in Relation to Automated Decision Making and Profiling
An automated decision is one which we rely on a computer or system to assess the information you provide to us to make a decision about you. This may include:
Detecting any fraudulent or money laundering activity which may be taking place or there is a risk that it could take place.
Checking identity and residency statuses
Automated decision making means a decision made solely by automated means, without any human involvement. Profiling means the automated processing of your personal information to evaluate certain things about you. If we do make an automated decision about you, in some cases, you have the right to ask that we do not make our final decision based solely on the automated decision, and you can also object to the automated decision and ask that someone reviews it.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.
For More Information About Your Data Protection Rights
The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) regulates data protection matters in the UK. They make a lot of information accessible to consumers on their website and they ensure that the registered details of all data controllers such as Suits Me® are available publicly.
You can make a complaint to the ICO at any time about the way we use your information. However, we hope that you would consider raising any issue or complaint you have with us first. Your satisfaction is extremely important to us, and we will always do our very best to solve any problems you may have.
Third Party Processors and Service Providers
Our carefully selected partners and service providers may process personal information about you on our behalf as described below:
Service
Description
IDT Financial Services Limited (“IDT”)
Issuer, administrator and operation of the Suits Me Card
IDT Financial Services Limited (“IDT”) is the issuer of the card associated with our Services for Customers who opened an account from 22nd October 2024. IDT is an independent data controller of your Personal Data as it relates to, and is required for, the administration and operation of the card. A copy of IDT’s privacy policy may be found at
https://idtfinance.com/privacy-policy/
.
Prepay Technologies Limited (“PPS”)
Issuer, administrator and operation of the Suits Me Card
Prepay Technologies Limited (“PPS”) is the issuer of the card associated with our Services for Customers who opened an account before 22nd October 2024. PPS is an independent data controller of your Personal Data as it relates to, and is required for, the administration and operation of the card. A copy of PPS’s privacy policy may be found at
https://paytech.edenred.com/privacy-policy/
.
Card Networks
KYC Providers
To conduct KYC verification, we engage KYC service providers to verify customer identities. Your personal data will be shared with these providers for identity verification purposes. KYC-related information, may be shared with these networks as part of identity verification and transaction processing.
Anti-Fraud Services
To prevent fraudulent transactions, including those involving KYC verification, we may share your personal data with anti-fraud services to assess transaction risk and enhance security measures.
Financial Institutions
Personal data is shared with banks, financial institutions, for fund transfers, reconciliation, and financial reporting.
Digital Marketing Providers
We periodically appoint digital marketing agents to conduct marketing activity on our behalf. Personal data may be shared with these providers for marketing activities.
E-commerce Platforms
E-commerce platforms may have access to personal data for the purpose of enabling seamless payment processing and integration.
Security Vendors
These trusted experts employ advanced cybersecurity measures, such as intrusion detection, threat monitoring, and malware scanning, to protect your personal data from unauthorised access and cyber threats.
Calendar Scheduling
To enhance your user experience and streamline scheduling, we collaborate with calendar scheduling platforms. These platforms enable you to manage appointments, events, and meetings efficiently.
Customer Support Platform
We work with dedicated customer support platforms. They assist in addressing your queries, resolving issues by securely managing and accessing relevant customer data.
Printers
Printers who print the letters, statements and information packs that we send to you.
Analytics and Advertising
To improve our products and provide you with relevant content and advertisements, we collaborate with analytics and advertising partners. They analyse user behaviour, preferences, and demographics to personalise your experience and deliver targeted ads.
Communication Providers
Communication providers (e.g., telephone line providers, email and text service providers).
How Long We Keep Your Information
We will keep your personal data for 6 years after you stop being a Suits Me customer in line with regulatory requirements and our legal obligations. We are obligated under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (amended-2019) (SI 2017/692) to retain personal data about you and your transactions with us for at least 5 years.
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected and as required by applicable laws and regulations.
The specific retention period may vary depending on the type of data and the purpose for which it was collected.
Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered, or disclosed. Platforms, systems, and facilities in which personal data are processed are protected by secure network architectures that contain firewalls and intrusion detection devices.
Our commitment to security and safeguarding your data includes the following key aspects:
Encryption
: All data transmitted between your device and our systems is encrypted using industry-standard encryption protocols, such as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. This ensures that your payment details remain confidential and secure during transmission.
Data Storage
: We store your personal data in secure, access-controlled environments with robust security measures in place. We only utilise data centres and cloud infrastructure that adheres to industry-leading security standards.
Access Control
: Access to your personal data is restricted to authorised personnel who require it for legitimate purposes, such as processing payments and providing customer support. Access is granted on a need-to-know basis, and strict authentication mechanisms are in place.
Cyber Essentials
: Cyber Essentials level of certification within the cyber essentials scheme, a UK government backed, industry supported scheme, to help organisations demonstrate operational security against common online threats.
Incident Response Plan
: In the event of a security incident or data breach, we have a well-defined incident response plan in place. Our goal is to minimise any potential impact and notify you promptly if your data is affected.
Third-Party Security
: When we engage with third-party service providers or partners, we assess their security practices to ensure they meet our high standards for protecting your data.
Regular Security Audits
: We conduct regular security audits, vulnerability assessments, and penetration testing to identify and address potential security vulnerabilities in our systems. This proactive approach helps us stay ahead of emerging threats.
Where We Store Your Personal Information and International Data Transfers
We securely store the personal data we collect about you within the United Kingdom. However, there may be instances where your data is transferred to or stored in a location outside of the UK.
When we transfer your data to third-party service providers situated outside the UK, we take every necessary step to ensure that your data receives a level of protection comparable to what it receives within the UK and EEA. This is achieved through one of the following safeguards:
We exclusively transfer your personal data to countries that have been recognised by the UK as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data.
In cases where we engage specific service providers, we implement specific data protection contracts, known as Standard Contractual Clauses, approved by the UK. These contracts not only grant your personal data the same protections it receives in the UK but also incorporate additional security measures as needed.
Please contact us if you want further information when transferring your personal data out of the UK.
Contact Us
If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or if you have any questions about this policy, you can contact us by using the ‘
Contact us
’ facility on the Website or App or in the following ways:
By post at:
Suits Me Limited
The Old Shippon,
Moseley Hall Farm,
Chelford Road,
Knutsford,
Cheshire,
WA16 8RB
By email: privacy@suitsmecard.com
By telephone:
03330 151 858
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://eur02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fidtfinance.com%2Fprivacy-policy%2F&data=05%7C02%7Cktrotter%40suitsmecard.com%7C66fc6e149b744b4047d108dce6c037a8%7Cbbaca874af9b42bca2750201129589b0%7C0%7C0%7C638638960469668821%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=7vTSbUVJhvPzgrGHMg6CArgMEPJU2r6yTbajGDliRA0%3D&reserved=0:
Skip to content
IDT Financial Services Limited – Privacy Notice
Effective 25
th
May 2018 & Last Updated 24
th
October 2024
I. Who we are
IDT Financial Services Limited (“
IDT
”) gathers and processes your personal data in accordance with this notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations and laws.  This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your data.  We are committed to protecting the privacy of your data.
IDT acts as a data controller when processing your personal data, which means that we determine the purposes and means of the processing of your personal data collected by us.  IDT is a company registered in Gibraltar under company registration number 95716.  Our contact information is:
IDT Financial Services Limited
10 Cannon Lane
2nd Floor
Gibraltar
Email:
privacy@idtfinance.com
IDT’s Data Protection Officer: Otman Messoudi
IDT’s Representative’s Email:  privacy@idtfinance.com
II. To whom this notice applies
This notice applies to the following people:
users and holders of cards issued by IDT (the “
cards
”);
users and visitors within the EU of/to the website:
idtfinance.com
(the “website”).
When we use the term “
services
” in this notice, it refers to the cards, the website, and services provided by IDT and, in connection with the cards, their operation and administration.
The cards are marketed, distributed, and supported by third parties (“Programme Managers”) under various brands. You should also refer to the respective privacy policies and notices published by these programme managers with respect to the treatment of any personal information provided in relation to the services, as these programme managers may use your personal information in different ways to IDT and for different purposes.
You should also read the terms and conditions for each card that you use.  We may update this notice from time to time and you should review it periodically for changes.  Any updated notice will be posted on the website.
III. Data we collect and how we collect it
IDT receives and collects both personal and non-identifying data upon your registration, or enrolment for a card, issuance to you of a card, your use of a card, our provision of services necessary to the operation or administration of a card and when you communicate with us.  We may also collect personal data and non-identifying data about you from programme managers or their subcontractors.  Personal data is information either on its own or in conjunction with other data that enables a specific person to be identified, but does not include “de-identified,” “anonymous,” or “aggregate” information; which is not otherwise associated with a specific person.  Non-identifying data means data that by itself cannot be used to identify a specific person.  We do not receive or collect any personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership and we do not process genetic data or biometric data, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sexual preferences or sexual orientation.  We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you.
The personal data that we collect from you or about you is:
Data you provide
. Dependent upon the service you use, you may provide the following data directly to us:
name
address, including country of residence
email address
mobile phone number
payment information, including credit or debit card details
birthdate
government issued ID
driving licence
utility bills
other personal information you provide to us for customer support purposes
Data we collect from you
. Dependent upon the service you use, we may automatically collect the following data from you or your device:
security code, password and login credentials
type, application software, mobile network, device identifiers and numbers, and Internet connection speed
IP address
Data provided by third parties
. Dependent upon the service you use, we may obtain pertinent information on you via third party tools and systems that allow us to perform governmental sanctions checks.
IV. How we use your personal data
General
. IDT takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your personal data without your consent, except as set forth in this notice or required to do so by law.  We do not process your data in any way other than as specified in this notice and we retain your data only for as long as is absolutely necessary.
Specific use of your personal data
. More specifically, the purposes, legal basis and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below:
How we use your data
Our legal basis
Our reasons for using your data this way
To communicate with you about our terms, policies, and other important information regarding our services
To manage our services, including to help us operate, provide, evaluate, improve, monitor, customise, bill and support our services
To verify your account and activity and investigate any suspicious activity or violations of our terms
To perform due diligence and credit and fraud prevention checks
To maintain accurate record keeping and data backup
To detect, investigate, report, and seek to prevent fraud, abuse or illegal use of our Services and crime
To manage risk for us and our customers
To comply with laws and regulations that apply to us
To obtain legal advice and/or defend IDT
To respond to customer service issues and complaints and seek to resolve them
Legal and Vital Interests of Data Subjects
Fulfilling our legal duties to our customers
Complying with regulations and legal requirements that apply to us
Providing and supporting our services
General, operational and administrative purposes, including customer service and audit functions
Risk management and compliance, including, compliance with financial services and anti-money laundering regulations
Legal advice and defence
To perform our obligations under our cardholder terms and conditions, including providing services in connection with the operation of the cards and the transactions performed using the cards
To manage our relationship with you, including maintaining your account and authenticating you
To communicate with you about our terms, policies, and other important information regarding our services
To manage our services, including to help us operate, provide, evaluate, improve, monitor, customise, bill and support our services
To verify your account and activity and investigate any suspicious activity or violations of our terms
To perform due diligence and credit and fraud prevention checks
To collect a debt
To troubleshoot service issues
To manage how we work with other companies that provide services to us and our customers
To respond to customer service issues and complaints and seek to resolve them
Contract
Exercising our rights set out in cardholder terms and conditions or contracts with our customers and vendors, whether formal or informal
Fulfilling our contractual duties to our customers
Complying with contractual requirements
Providing and supporting our services
General, operational and administrative purposes, including customer service
To communicate with you about our terms, policies, and other important information regarding our services
To manage our relationship with you, including maintaining your card and authenticating you
To manage our services, including to help us operate, provide, evaluate, improve, monitor, customise, bill and support our services
To verify your account and activity and investigate any suspicious activity or violations of our terms
To perform due diligence and credit and fraud prevention checks
To maintain accurate record keeping and data back up
To manage risk for us and our customers
To troubleshoot service issues
To respond to customer service issues and complaints and seek to resolve them
To detect, investigate, report, and seek to prevent fraud, abuse or illegal use of our services and crime
To ensure the security of our network and information
Legitimate Interest
Ensuring we provide the level of service that our customers expect, in line with any cardholder terms and conditions
Fulfilling our contractual duties to our customers
Providing, improving, understanding, customising and supporting our services
General, operational and administrative purposes, including customer service
Improving the quality and value of our services
Understanding how our services are used
Automated decision making
. At times we will use systems to make automated decisions based on your personal data.  This enables us to make quick and fair decisions, based on what we know. These automated decisions can affect the products, services, or features available to you.  We use your data to make automated decisions mainly for (a) ecommerce risk management in order to spot any activity that could potentially be fraudulent or criminal, (b) in fulfillment of anti-money laundering and other compliance requirements and (c) to understand how you use our services.  If we think there is a risk of fraud or criminal activity or our compliance alerts are triggered, we may take action such as denying a transaction or refusing registration for a card.
V. How we share your personal data
We will never disclose, share or sell your personal data without your consent, except as set forth in this notice or required to do so by law.  We share all the information we collect and receive with our affiliates, both within and outside the EU, and to select third parties to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support and market our services as well as for general, operational and administrative purposes; including operating and administering cards and any transactions performed on or using the cards, authenticating you, or contacting you.  All third-party data processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions received from us and are required to comply fully with this notice, the relevant data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  IDT does not sell your data to third parties without your consent.  IDT does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.  Finally, you share your information as you use and communicate through our services.
Data shared within the IDT Family of Companies
. IDT shares certain Cardholder data within the IDT Telecom, Inc. family of companies (“IDT Family of Companies”) for security, operational and general administration purposes. This includes sharing information with entities (and the servers operated by those entities) in the IDT Family of Companies that are based in the USA. In applying for a Card and associated accounts and services from IDT you explicitly consent to this. Please note that the legal regimes of some territories outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) do not always offer the same standard of data protection as those inside the EEA, although we will ensure that your personal information is only ever treated in accordance with this policy and, if you are a cardholder, our terms and conditions. Any transfer of personal information is governed by a data transfer agreement between IDT and the IDT Family of Companies, incorporating the EU standard model contract clauses for data transfer outside of the EU.
Data shared with third parties
. We share data with the following categories of third parties for the reasons stated below.  We require that all these processors protect your data and limit their use of the data solely for the purposes for which it was provided.  Moreover, we require that these processors comply fully with this notice, the relevant data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  Finally, if you use cards offered jointly by IDT and one of our programme managers, your personal data may be received by both IDT and the programme manager marketing the card.  For these jointly offered services, you must also review the programme manager’s privacy notice; which may include practices that differ from those described here.
Card Processors
. We work entities known as payment card processors that use your personal information to facilitate the settlement of transactions performed on or using the cards. We share data with these people solely to the extent reasonably necessary for them to perform work on our behalf and under a strict code of confidentiality.
Card Manufacturers
. Cards issued by IDT are manufactured by payment card manufacturers. Card manufacturers require certain personal information so that they can populate a card with cardholder names, and in certain cases, the cardholder addresses for mailing purposes.
Special Circumstances
. We may share your data with various government, administrative and law enforcement agencies, regulators or other third parties in the following special circumstances:
to comply with valid legal process including subpoenas, court orders, warrants, and as otherwise permitted or required by law;
to assist law enforcement in cases involving national security, defence, public security, danger, death or serious physical injury to any person or in other emergencies;
to fulfill our reporting obligations in accordance with anti-money laundering laws;
to assist law enforcement in the prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security;
to protect our rights or property, or the safety of our customers or employees;
to protect against fraudulent, malicious, abusive, unauthorised or unlawful use of our Services and to protect our network, services, devices and users from such use;
to advance or defend against complaints or legal claims in court, administrative proceedings and elsewhere;
to prospective purchasers of all or part of our business or assets; and
with your consent.
VI. Your rights
General
. IDT takes measures to protect your data and to keep it private, but your privacy is also protected by law.  Under the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), you have certain access rights regarding your personal data and we are only allowed to use your personal data if we have a valid reason to do so.  In addition, we comply with the data protection principles of the GDPR, meaning that your personal data is:
processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner;
collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes as set forth in this notice and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes;
adequate, relevant and not excessive;
accurate and complete;
not kept longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
processed in accordance with your rights;
kept secure; and
not transferred to countries without adequate protection.
Right of access
. You have the right to access any personal data that IDT processes about you and to request information about:
what personal data we process about you;
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed, including recipients in any third country (in which case we will inform you of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer);
how long we intend to store your personal data;
the existence of other rights you have, including your right to request rectification of any inaccurate personal data held by us, your right to restrict the processing of your personal data or to object to such processing, and the right to data portability;
your right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
the source of any personal data about if that we did not collect directly from you;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling.
Notwithstanding the above, in certain cases we will not grant access to certain reports that may contain your personal information, where to do so would be in conflict with applicable financial services and anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
Right of rectification
. You have the right to request rectification of any inaccurate personal data held by us.  Where you notify us of inaccurate data about you, and we agree that the data is incorrect, we will amend the details promptly as directed by you and make a note on our system of the change and reasons.  We will rectify any errors and inform you in writing of the correction and where applicable provide the details of any third party to whom the data has been disclosed.  If for any reason we are unable to act in response to a request for rectification and/or data completion or need more time, we will provide a written explanation to you and inform you of your right to complain to the Supervisory Authority.
Right of erasure (right to be forgotten)
. You have the right to request erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances, including where the including the data are no longer necessary to the purposes for which it was collected, you withdraw your consent (and there is no other legal basis for processing) or you object to the processing (and we have no overriding legitimated grounds for the processing).  Even if you request erasure of your data, we may continue to hold and process such data under certain circumstances, including for compliance with legal obligations.
Notwithstanding the above, in certain cases we will be prohibited from erasing personal information in certain circumstances, where to do so would be in conflict with applicable financial services and anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
Right to restrict processing
. You have the right to restrict processing of your personal data under certain circumstances (such as the accuracy of the data is contested) and subject to certain exceptions (such as processing for legal claims).
Notwithstanding the above, in certain cases we will not be required to restrict processing where to do so would be in conflict with applicable financial services and anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
Right to data portability
. You have the right to data portability, meaning the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you have provided us in a commonly used, machine-readable format and to have that data transmitted to another controller (where feasible), if our processing is based on your consent or a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to object to processing
. You have the right to object to any processing of your personal data which is based on our legitimate interests, including profiling, and we shall no longer process such data unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds to do so.
Right not to be subject to automated decision
. You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which significantly affects you, subject to certain exceptions including if the decision is necessary for us to perform our contract with you, is authorised by EU or Member State law, is required under applicable financial services or anti-money laundering laws and regulations, or is based on your consent.
How to make a request
. To make a request for access to your personal data or to exercise any of your other rights, you can email us at
privacy@idtfinance.com
; attaching a completed copy of Appendix I to your email.  You may also submit your request in writing using the same Appendix 1 form and sending that to us at:
IDT Financial Services Limited
10 Cannon Lane
2nd floor
Gibraltar
Attn:  Data Protection Officer
How we handle requests
. If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.  We are required to respond to your request within one month of receipt of the request.  However, in certain circumstances, we may take an additional two months to respond.  We may be subject to EU or Member State law that restricts some of your rights primarily in order to safeguard national security, public defence, public security, the prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences, other important objectives of general public interest of the EU or of a Member State, the protection of judicial independence and judicial proceedings, the prevention, investigation, detection and prosecution of breaches of ethics for regulated professions, the protection of the data subject or the rights and freedoms of others and the enforcement of civil law claims.
VII. How we protect your personal data
IDT takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data.  Our employees are trained on the importance of protecting your privacy and on the proper access restrictions, use and disclosure of personal data.  We work hard to protect you and your data from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and we have implemented technical, organisational and physical controls, safeguards and measures including:
Physical Access Controls
– to prevent unauthorised persons from gaining access to data processing systems and include secure areas and equipment security. Physical access rights and authentication controls for secure areas have been implemented and documented and will be regularly reviewed and updated by central functions.  We secure data on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment.
Logical Access Controls
– to prevent data processing systems from being used without authorisation by way of personal login with a secure password that has to be changed periodically.
Data Access Controls
– to ensure that persons with system access authorisation have access only to those data they are authorised to process and use. A process has been established to ensure that data is accessed only by those persons who are required to gain access for their work.  Access is regulated by way of personal login with a secure password that has to be changed periodically and two factor authentication.
Disclosure Controls
– to ensure that personal data cannot be read, copied, altered or removed without authorisation during electronic transfer or transport or while being recorded onto data storage media. State-of-the-art data transmission techniques are used that ensure (amongst other things) that it will be possible to check the recipient of the personal data transferred.  Storage and transport precautions are taken to protect data media against damage or theft.
Input Controls
– to ensure that it is possible after the fact to check and ascertain whether personal data have been entered into, altered or removed from data processing systems and if so, by whom. Logs are regularly evaluated by the person responsible for the system.
Job Controls
– to ensure that personal data is processed strictly in compliance with our instructions. We take steps to ensure that any natural person or processor acting under our authority does not process data except on instructions from us (except as otherwise required by law).
Availability Controls
– to ensure that personal data is protected against accidental destruction or loss, for instance by way of regular updates and storing of data on separate computer equipment or storage media.
Separation Controls
– to ensure that data collected for different purposes can be processed separately by way of separating the access to the data.
Default Controls
– to ensure that we only process your data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing, that we wherever possible minimise the processing of your data and that transparency is maintained with regards to the functions and processing of your data.
Encryption Controls
– to convert data into a code which makes it unreadable by anyone who might intercept it; including the use of 128-bit encryption on our online pages which hold your data, the pseudonymisation of data and the use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypted protection to protect data.
Industry Controls
– to ensure that our receipt and processing of certain payment data are in compliance with Payment Card Industry standards.
Monitoring Controls
– to enable us to constantly check the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our processing systems. We routinely test and evaluate the effectiveness of our technical and organisational safeguards and measures.
Your Online Security Controls
– You must be responsible for protecting your own personal data, and we recommend that you keep your PC or device updated with anti-virus software, treat emails with caution (remember we will never ask you to disclose personal data via email) and ensure you choose a password that cannot be guessed easily.
Although we work hard to protect your data, no programme is one hundred per cent secure and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorised attempt to access, use or disclose that data.  The risks that may result from our processing of your personal data include identity theft or fraud, financial loss, loss of confidentiality, unauthorised reversal of pseudonymisation, and the inability to exercise control over your personal data.  IDT maintains security and incident response plans to handle incidents involving unauthorised access to information we collect or store.  If you become aware of a security issue, please contact us.
VIII. Personal Information of Children
IDT does not knowingly market to or collect information from children under the age of thirteen years without obtaining verifiable parental consent. If you allow a child to use your device or card services, you should be aware that their personal information could be collected as described in this policy. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children to ensure that no information is collected from a child without parental permission.
Certain Program Managers that market our cards, do so in conjunction with payment services designed to be used by children. If you are a user of such services, you should also refer to the privacy policy on that programme manager’s website.
IX. Transfers of data inside and outside the EEA
Personal data in the EU is protected by the GDPR, but other countries may not necessarily have the same standard of protection for your data.  We transfer data outside the European Economic Area to both our affiliates in the USA as mentioned above, and certain card processors in other non-EU/EEA countries. The purpose of transferring data to such payment card processors is to facilitate the settlement of transactions performed on and by the cards.  Therefore, when you use our services, the personal data you submit may be stored on servers which are hosted in the United States or other non-EEA countries.  Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that those affiliates and vendors use the necessary level of protection for your data and abide by strict agreements and measures to protect your data and comply with the relevant data protection laws.
X. Consequences of not providing your data
You are not obligated to provide us with your personal data.  However, this data is necessary for us to provide you with our services.  Accordingly, we will not be able to offer some or all our services to you and/or you will not able to use certain features or functions of our services, without providing us with your personal data. In addition, we may need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you.  If you choose not to give us this data, it may delay or prevent us from meeting our obligations.  It may also mean that we cannot perform services needed to maintain your card and could mean that we cancel a card issued to you by IDT.
XI. Legitimate interests
As noted in the
‘How We Use Your Personal Data’
section of this notice, we often process your personal data under the Legitimate Interests legal basis.  Where this is the case, we have carried out a thorough review and assessment to ensure that we have weighed and balanced your interests and any risk posed to you against our own interests and ensuring that are processing activities are proportionate and appropriate.  Based on our assessment, we reasonably believe that our direct marketing processing activities do not pose a likely privacy risk or detriment to you or your data.
We use the Legitimate Interests legal basis for processing for the purposes and interests listed in the
‘How We Use Your Personal Data’
section of this notice.
XII. How long we keep your personal data
IDT retains your data for only as long as is absolutely necessary for the purposes described above in
‘How We Use Your Personal Data’
and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations.  We are required under applicable European and Gibraltar Financial Services laws to keep certain personal information for a minimum of ten years after which time it will be destroyed, unless required to be kept for other purposes.
XIII. How you can lodge a complaint or contact us
IDT only processes your personal data in compliance with this notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection regulations and laws.  We will always aim to collect and use your personal data in a way meets the highest data protection standards.  We take any complaints about data protection very seriously.  If you wish to contact us, raise a complaint regarding the processing of your data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your data, you can contact us in writing at:
IDT Financial Services Limited
10 Cannon Lane
2nd floor
Gibraltar
Email:
privacy@idtfinance.com
IDT’s Data Protection Officer: Otman Messoudi
IDT’s Representative’s Email:  privacy@idtfinance.com
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.  The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) may be contacted at:
Supervisory Authority contact information
Gibraltar Regulatory Authority
2nd Floor, Eurotowers 4
1 Europort Road
Gibraltar
Email: info@gra.gi
Appendix 1 – Subject Access Request Template
IDT Financial Services Limited uses cookies to provide website functionality, improve your experience and analyse our traffic. By using our website, you agree to our
Privacy Policy
and our cookies usage.
OK
About us
How we work
Services
Our Services
BIN Sponsorship
Launching a payment card programme
Growing your card programme
Careers
Contact
Prepay Cardholders
Sub-policy 1
https://idtfinance.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
IDT Financial Services Limited – Privacy Notice
Effective 25
th
May 2018 & Last Updated 24
th
October 2024
I. Who we are
IDT Financial Services Limited (“
IDT
”) gathers and processes your personal data in accordance with this notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations and laws.  This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your data.  We are committed to protecting the privacy of your data.
IDT acts as a data controller when processing your personal data, which means that we determine the purposes and means of the processing of your personal data collected by us.  IDT is a company registered in Gibraltar under company registration number 95716.  Our contact information is:
IDT Financial Services Limited
10 Cannon Lane
2nd Floor
Gibraltar
Email:
privacy@idtfinance.com
IDT’s Data Protection Officer: Otman Messoudi
IDT’s Representative’s Email:  privacy@idtfinance.com
II. To whom this notice applies
This notice applies to the following people:
users and holders of cards issued by IDT (the “
cards
”);
users and visitors within the EU of/to the website:
idtfinance.com
(the “website”).
When we use the term “
services
” in this notice, it refers to the cards, the website, and services provided by IDT and, in connection with the cards, their operation and administration.
The cards are marketed, distributed, and supported by third parties (“Programme Managers”) under various brands. You should also refer to the respective privacy policies and notices published by these programme managers with respect to the treatment of any personal information provided in relation to the services, as these programme managers may use your personal information in different ways to IDT and for different purposes.
You should also read the terms and conditions for each card that you use.  We may update this notice from time to time and you should review it periodically for changes.  Any updated notice will be posted on the website.
III. Data we collect and how we collect it
IDT receives and collects both personal and non-identifying data upon your registration, or enrolment for a card, issuance to you of a card, your use of a card, our provision of services necessary to the operation or administration of a card and when you communicate with us.  We may also collect personal data and non-identifying data about you from programme managers or their subcontractors.  Personal data is information either on its own or in conjunction with other data that enables a specific person to be identified, but does not include “de-identified,” “anonymous,” or “aggregate” information; which is not otherwise associated with a specific person.  Non-identifying data means data that by itself cannot be used to identify a specific person.  We do not receive or collect any personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership and we do not process genetic data or biometric data, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sexual preferences or sexual orientation.  We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you.
The personal data that we collect from you or about you is:
Data you provide
. Dependent upon the service you use, you may provide the following data directly to us:
name
address, including country of residence
email address
mobile phone number
payment information, including credit or debit card details
birthdate
government issued ID
driving licence
utility bills
other personal information you provide to us for customer support purposes
Data we collect from you
. Dependent upon the service you use, we may automatically collect the following data from you or your device:
security code, password and login credentials
type, application software, mobile network, device identifiers and numbers, and Internet connection speed
IP address
Data provided by third parties
. Dependent upon the service you use, we may obtain pertinent information on you via third party tools and systems that allow us to perform governmental sanctions checks.
IV. How we use your personal data
General
. IDT takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your personal data without your consent, except as set forth in this notice or required to do so by law.  We do not process your data in any way other than as specified in this notice and we retain your data only for as long as is absolutely necessary.
Specific use of your personal data
. More specifically, the purposes, legal basis and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below:
How we use your data
Our legal basis
Our reasons for using your data this way
To communicate with you about our terms, policies, and other important information regarding our services
To manage our services, including to help us operate, provide, evaluate, improve, monitor, customise, bill and support our services
To verify your account and activity and investigate any suspicious activity or violations of our terms
To perform due diligence and credit and fraud prevention checks
To maintain accurate record keeping and data backup
To detect, investigate, report, and seek to prevent fraud, abuse or illegal use of our Services and crime
To manage risk for us and our customers
To comply with laws and regulations that apply to us
To obtain legal advice and/or defend IDT
To respond to customer service issues and complaints and seek to resolve them
Legal and Vital Interests of Data Subjects
Fulfilling our legal duties to our customers
Complying with regulations and legal requirements that apply to us
Providing and supporting our services
General, operational and administrative purposes, including customer service and audit functions
Risk management and compliance, including, compliance with financial services and anti-money laundering regulations
Legal advice and defence
To perform our obligations under our cardholder terms and conditions, including providing services in connection with the operation of the cards and the transactions performed using the cards
To manage our relationship with you, including maintaining your account and authenticating you
To communicate with you about our terms, policies, and other important information regarding our services
To manage our services, including to help us operate, provide, evaluate, improve, monitor, customise, bill and support our services
To verify your account and activity and investigate any suspicious activity or violations of our terms
To perform due diligence and credit and fraud prevention checks
To collect a debt
To troubleshoot service issues
To manage how we work with other companies that provide services to us and our customers
To respond to customer service issues and complaints and seek to resolve them
Contract
Exercising our rights set out in cardholder terms and conditions or contracts with our customers and vendors, whether formal or informal
Fulfilling our contractual duties to our customers
Complying with contractual requirements
Providing and supporting our services
General, operational and administrative purposes, including customer service
To communicate with you about our terms, policies, and other important information regarding our services
To manage our relationship with you, including maintaining your card and authenticating you
To manage our services, including to help us operate, provide, evaluate, improve, monitor, customise, bill and support our services
To verify your account and activity and investigate any suspicious activity or violations of our terms
To perform due diligence and credit and fraud prevention checks
To maintain accurate record keeping and data back up
To manage risk for us and our customers
To troubleshoot service issues
To respond to customer service issues and complaints and seek to resolve them
To detect, investigate, report, and seek to prevent fraud, abuse or illegal use of our services and crime
To ensure the security of our network and information
Legitimate Interest
Ensuring we provide the level of service that our customers expect, in line with any cardholder terms and conditions
Fulfilling our contractual duties to our customers
Providing, improving, understanding, customising and supporting our services
General, operational and administrative purposes, including customer service
Improving the quality and value of our services
Understanding how our services are used
Automated decision making
. At times we will use systems to make automated decisions based on your personal data.  This enables us to make quick and fair decisions, based on what we know. These automated decisions can affect the products, services, or features available to you.  We use your data to make automated decisions mainly for (a) ecommerce risk management in order to spot any activity that could potentially be fraudulent or criminal, (b) in fulfillment of anti-money laundering and other compliance requirements and (c) to understand how you use our services.  If we think there is a risk of fraud or criminal activity or our compliance alerts are triggered, we may take action such as denying a transaction or refusing registration for a card.
V. How we share your personal data
We will never disclose, share or sell your personal data without your consent, except as set forth in this notice or required to do so by law.  We share all the information we collect and receive with our affiliates, both within and outside the EU, and to select third parties to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customise, support and market our services as well as for general, operational and administrative purposes; including operating and administering cards and any transactions performed on or using the cards, authenticating you, or contacting you.  All third-party data processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions received from us and are required to comply fully with this notice, the relevant data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  IDT does not sell your data to third parties without your consent.  IDT does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.  Finally, you share your information as you use and communicate through our services.
Data shared within the IDT Family of Companies
. IDT shares certain Cardholder data within the IDT Telecom, Inc. family of companies (“IDT Family of Companies”) for security, operational and general administration purposes. This includes sharing information with entities (and the servers operated by those entities) in the IDT Family of Companies that are based in the USA. In applying for a Card and associated accounts and services from IDT you explicitly consent to this. Please note that the legal regimes of some territories outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) do not always offer the same standard of data protection as those inside the EEA, although we will ensure that your personal information is only ever treated in accordance with this policy and, if you are a cardholder, our terms and conditions. Any transfer of personal information is governed by a data transfer agreement between IDT and the IDT Family of Companies, incorporating the EU standard model contract clauses for data transfer outside of the EU.
Data shared with third parties
. We share data with the following categories of third parties for the reasons stated below.  We require that all these processors protect your data and limit their use of the data solely for the purposes for which it was provided.  Moreover, we require that these processors comply fully with this notice, the relevant data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  Finally, if you use cards offered jointly by IDT and one of our programme managers, your personal data may be received by both IDT and the programme manager marketing the card.  For these jointly offered services, you must also review the programme manager’s privacy notice; which may include practices that differ from those described here.
Card Processors
. We work entities known as payment card processors that use your personal information to facilitate the settlement of transactions performed on or using the cards. We share data with these people solely to the extent reasonably necessary for them to perform work on our behalf and under a strict code of confidentiality.
Card Manufacturers
. Cards issued by IDT are manufactured by payment card manufacturers. Card manufacturers require certain personal information so that they can populate a card with cardholder names, and in certain cases, the cardholder addresses for mailing purposes.
Special Circumstances
. We may share your data with various government, administrative and law enforcement agencies, regulators or other third parties in the following special circumstances:
to comply with valid legal process including subpoenas, court orders, warrants, and as otherwise permitted or required by law;
to assist law enforcement in cases involving national security, defence, public security, danger, death or serious physical injury to any person or in other emergencies;
to fulfill our reporting obligations in accordance with anti-money laundering laws;
to assist law enforcement in the prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security;
to protect our rights or property, or the safety of our customers or employees;
to protect against fraudulent, malicious, abusive, unauthorised or unlawful use of our Services and to protect our network, services, devices and users from such use;
to advance or defend against complaints or legal claims in court, administrative proceedings and elsewhere;
to prospective purchasers of all or part of our business or assets; and
with your consent.
VI. Your rights
General
. IDT takes measures to protect your data and to keep it private, but your privacy is also protected by law.  Under the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), you have certain access rights regarding your personal data and we are only allowed to use your personal data if we have a valid reason to do so.  In addition, we comply with the data protection principles of the GDPR, meaning that your personal data is:
processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner;
collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes as set forth in this notice and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes;
adequate, relevant and not excessive;
accurate and complete;
not kept longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
processed in accordance with your rights;
kept secure; and
not transferred to countries without adequate protection.
Right of access
. You have the right to access any personal data that IDT processes about you and to request information about:
what personal data we process about you;
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed, including recipients in any third country (in which case we will inform you of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer);
how long we intend to store your personal data;
the existence of other rights you have, including your right to request rectification of any inaccurate personal data held by us, your right to restrict the processing of your personal data or to object to such processing, and the right to data portability;
your right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
the source of any personal data about if that we did not collect directly from you;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling.
Notwithstanding the above, in certain cases we will not grant access to certain reports that may contain your personal information, where to do so would be in conflict with applicable financial services and anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
Right of rectification
. You have the right to request rectification of any inaccurate personal data held by us.  Where you notify us of inaccurate data about you, and we agree that the data is incorrect, we will amend the details promptly as directed by you and make a note on our system of the change and reasons.  We will rectify any errors and inform you in writing of the correction and where applicable provide the details of any third party to whom the data has been disclosed.  If for any reason we are unable to act in response to a request for rectification and/or data completion or need more time, we will provide a written explanation to you and inform you of your right to complain to the Supervisory Authority.
Right of erasure (right to be forgotten)
. You have the right to request erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances, including where the including the data are no longer necessary to the purposes for which it was collected, you withdraw your consent (and there is no other legal basis for processing) or you object to the processing (and we have no overriding legitimated grounds for the processing).  Even if you request erasure of your data, we may continue to hold and process such data under certain circumstances, including for compliance with legal obligations.
Notwithstanding the above, in certain cases we will be prohibited from erasing personal information in certain circumstances, where to do so would be in conflict with applicable financial services and anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
Right to restrict processing
. You have the right to restrict processing of your personal data under certain circumstances (such as the accuracy of the data is contested) and subject to certain exceptions (such as processing for legal claims).
Notwithstanding the above, in certain cases we will not be required to restrict processing where to do so would be in conflict with applicable financial services and anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
Right to data portability
. You have the right to data portability, meaning the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you have provided us in a commonly used, machine-readable format and to have that data transmitted to another controller (where feasible), if our processing is based on your consent or a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to object to processing
. You have the right to object to any processing of your personal data which is based on our legitimate interests, including profiling, and we shall no longer process such data unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds to do so.
Right not to be subject to automated decision
. You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which significantly affects you, subject to certain exceptions including if the decision is necessary for us to perform our contract with you, is authorised by EU or Member State law, is required under applicable financial services or anti-money laundering laws and regulations, or is based on your consent.
How to make a request
. To make a request for access to your personal data or to exercise any of your other rights, you can email us at
privacy@idtfinance.com
; attaching a completed copy of Appendix I to your email.  You may also submit your request in writing using the same Appendix 1 form and sending that to us at:
IDT Financial Services Limited
10 Cannon Lane
2nd floor
Gibraltar
Attn:  Data Protection Officer
How we handle requests
. If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.  We are required to respond to your request within one month of receipt of the request.  However, in certain circumstances, we may take an additional two months to respond.  We may be subject to EU or Member State law that restricts some of your rights primarily in order to safeguard national security, public defence, public security, the prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences, other important objectives of general public interest of the EU or of a Member State, the protection of judicial independence and judicial proceedings, the prevention, investigation, detection and prosecution of breaches of ethics for regulated professions, the protection of the data subject or the rights and freedoms of others and the enforcement of civil law claims.
VII. How we protect your personal data
IDT takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data.  Our employees are trained on the importance of protecting your privacy and on the proper access restrictions, use and disclosure of personal data.  We work hard to protect you and your data from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and we have implemented technical, organisational and physical controls, safeguards and measures including:
Physical Access Controls
– to prevent unauthorised persons from gaining access to data processing systems and include secure areas and equipment security. Physical access rights and authentication controls for secure areas have been implemented and documented and will be regularly reviewed and updated by central functions.  We secure data on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment.
Logical Access Controls
– to prevent data processing systems from being used without authorisation by way of personal login with a secure password that has to be changed periodically.
Data Access Controls
– to ensure that persons with system access authorisation have access only to those data they are authorised to process and use. A process has been established to ensure that data is accessed only by those persons who are required to gain access for their work.  Access is regulated by way of personal login with a secure password that has to be changed periodically and two factor authentication.
Disclosure Controls
– to ensure that personal data cannot be read, copied, altered or removed without authorisation during electronic transfer or transport or while being recorded onto data storage media. State-of-the-art data transmission techniques are used that ensure (amongst other things) that it will be possible to check the recipient of the personal data transferred.  Storage and transport precautions are taken to protect data media against damage or theft.
Input Controls
– to ensure that it is possible after the fact to check and ascertain whether personal data have been entered into, altered or removed from data processing systems and if so, by whom. Logs are regularly evaluated by the person responsible for the system.
Job Controls
– to ensure that personal data is processed strictly in compliance with our instructions. We take steps to ensure that any natural person or processor acting under our authority does not process data except on instructions from us (except as otherwise required by law).
Availability Controls
– to ensure that personal data is protected against accidental destruction or loss, for instance by way of regular updates and storing of data on separate computer equipment or storage media.
Separation Controls
– to ensure that data collected for different purposes can be processed separately by way of separating the access to the data.
Default Controls
– to ensure that we only process your data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing, that we wherever possible minimise the processing of your data and that transparency is maintained with regards to the functions and processing of your data.
Encryption Controls
– to convert data into a code which makes it unreadable by anyone who might intercept it; including the use of 128-bit encryption on our online pages which hold your data, the pseudonymisation of data and the use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypted protection to protect data.
Industry Controls
– to ensure that our receipt and processing of certain payment data are in compliance with Payment Card Industry standards.
Monitoring Controls
– to enable us to constantly check the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our processing systems. We routinely test and evaluate the effectiveness of our technical and organisational safeguards and measures.
Your Online Security Controls
– You must be responsible for protecting your own personal data, and we recommend that you keep your PC or device updated with anti-virus software, treat emails with caution (remember we will never ask you to disclose personal data via email) and ensure you choose a password that cannot be guessed easily.
Although we work hard to protect your data, no programme is one hundred per cent secure and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorised attempt to access, use or disclose that data.  The risks that may result from our processing of your personal data include identity theft or fraud, financial loss, loss of confidentiality, unauthorised reversal of pseudonymisation, and the inability to exercise control over your personal data.  IDT maintains security and incident response plans to handle incidents involving unauthorised access to information we collect or store.  If you become aware of a security issue, please contact us.
VIII. Personal Information of Children
IDT does not knowingly market to or collect information from children under the age of thirteen years without obtaining verifiable parental consent. If you allow a child to use your device or card services, you should be aware that their personal information could be collected as described in this policy. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children to ensure that no information is collected from a child without parental permission.
Certain Program Managers that market our cards, do so in conjunction with payment services designed to be used by children. If you are a user of such services, you should also refer to the privacy policy on that programme manager’s website.
IX. Transfers of data inside and outside the EEA
Personal data in the EU is protected by the GDPR, but other countries may not necessarily have the same standard of protection for your data.  We transfer data outside the European Economic Area to both our affiliates in the USA as mentioned above, and certain card processors in other non-EU/EEA countries. The purpose of transferring data to such payment card processors is to facilitate the settlement of transactions performed on and by the cards.  Therefore, when you use our services, the personal data you submit may be stored on servers which are hosted in the United States or other non-EEA countries.  Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that those affiliates and vendors use the necessary level of protection for your data and abide by strict agreements and measures to protect your data and comply with the relevant data protection laws.
X. Consequences of not providing your data
You are not obligated to provide us with your personal data.  However, this data is necessary for us to provide you with our services.  Accordingly, we will not be able to offer some or all our services to you and/or you will not able to use certain features or functions of our services, without providing us with your personal data. In addition, we may need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you.  If you choose not to give us this data, it may delay or prevent us from meeting our obligations.  It may also mean that we cannot perform services needed to maintain your card and could mean that we cancel a card issued to you by IDT.
XI. Legitimate interests
As noted in the
‘How We Use Your Personal Data’
section of this notice, we often process your personal data under the Legitimate Interests legal basis.  Where this is the case, we have carried out a thorough review and assessment to ensure that we have weighed and balanced your interests and any risk posed to you against our own interests and ensuring that are processing activities are proportionate and appropriate.  Based on our assessment, we reasonably believe that our direct marketing processing activities do not pose a likely privacy risk or detriment to you or your data.
We use the Legitimate Interests legal basis for processing for the purposes and interests listed in the
‘How We Use Your Personal Data’
section of this notice.
XII. How long we keep your personal data
IDT retains your data for only as long as is absolutely necessary for the purposes described above in
‘How We Use Your Personal Data’
and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations.  We are required under applicable European and Gibraltar Financial Services laws to keep certain personal information for a minimum of ten years after which time it will be destroyed, unless required to be kept for other purposes.
XIII. How you can lodge a complaint or contact us
IDT only processes your personal data in compliance with this notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection regulations and laws.  We will always aim to collect and use your personal data in a way meets the highest data protection standards.  We take any complaints about data protection very seriously.  If you wish to contact us, raise a complaint regarding the processing of your data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your data, you can contact us in writing at:
IDT Financial Services Limited
10 Cannon Lane
2nd floor
Gibraltar
Email:
privacy@idtfinance.com
IDT’s Data Protection Officer: Otman Messoudi
IDT’s Representative’s Email:  privacy@idtfinance.com
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.  The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) may be contacted at:
Supervisory Authority contact information
Gibraltar Regulatory Authority
2nd Floor, Eurotowers 4
1 Europort Road
Gibraltar
Email: info@gra.gi
Appendix 1 – Subject Access Request Template
IDT Financial Services Limited uses cookies to provide website functionality, improve your experience and analyse our traffic. By using our website, you agree to our
Privacy Policy
and our cookies usage.
OK
About us
How we work
Services
Our Services
BIN Sponsorship
Launching a payment card programme
Growing your card programme
Careers
Contact
Prepay Cardholders
Sub-policy 2
https://paytech.edenred.com/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Read More
Skip to a section
Who we are
The types of personal data we collect about you
How is your personal data collected?
How we use your personal data
Disclosures of your personal data
International transfers
Data security
Data retention
Your legal rights
Contact details
Complaints
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
Third-party links
Recruitment & Careers
Prepay Technologies Ltd Privacy Policy
Who we are
April 2024
This privacy policy sets out how [Edenred Paytech] uses and protects your personal data. This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
Prepay Technologies Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 04008083 and a registered office at Station Square 1 Gloucester Street, Swindon, Wiltshire, SN1 1GW, United Kingdom
.
and
PPS EU SA (a subsidiary of Prepay Technologies Ltd), a company registered in Belgium with company number 0712.775.202 and a registered office at Boulevard du Souverain 165, Boîte 9, 1160 Brussels, Belgium.
Together referred to as “Edenred PayTech”, “Our” and “We” herein.
1. Important information and who we are
Privacy policy
This privacy policy gives you information about how Edenred Paytech collects and uses your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide when you register with us or sign up to our newsletter.
This website is not intended for under 18 year olds and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Controller
Prepay Technologies Limited which is the legal name of Edenred Paytech, is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as Edenred Paytech, "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy policy).
The Edenred Paytech (Group) is made up of different legal entities and business lines/ brands, details of which can be found here: https://www.edenred.com/en. This privacy policy applies for Edenred Paytech and PPS EU, so when we
mention "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant company in the Group responsible for processing your data.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights (paragraph 9), please contact us using the information set out in the contact details section (paragraph 10).
The types of personal data we collect about you
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
· Identity Data includes first name, last name, any previous names
· Contact Data email address
· Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, device ID and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
· Usage Data includes information about how you interact with and use our website, products and services
· Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data which is not personal data as it does not directly (or indirectly) reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate individuals' Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature in order to analyse general trends in how users are interacting with our website to help improve the website and our service offering.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
· Your interactions with us. You may give us your personal data by filling in online forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
· subscribe to our service or publications;
· request marketing to be sent to you;
· enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
· give us feedback or contact us.
· Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies[, server logs] and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy https://paytech.edenred.com/cookie-policy for further details.
· Third parties or publicly available sources. We will receive personal data about you from various third parties [and public sources] as set out below
· Technical Data is collected from the following parties:
· analytics providers such as hubspot based inside the EEA
· social platforms such as LinkedIn based […]
· search information providers [such as [NAME] based [inside OR outside] the UK].
How we use your personal data
Legal basis
The law requires us to have a legal basis for collecting and using your personal data. We rely on one or more of the following legal bases:
· Performance of a contract with you: Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
· Legitimate interests: We may use your personal data where it is necessary to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, for example to prevent fraud and enable us to give you the best and most secure customer experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights (both positive and negative) before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
· Legal obligation: We may use your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to. We will identify the relevant legal obligation when we rely on this legal basis.
· Consent: We rely on consent only where we have obtained your active agreement to use your personal data for a specified purpose, for example if you subscribe to an email newsletter.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use the various categories of your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose/Use Type of data Legal basis and retention period
To register you as a new contact (a) Identity (b) Contact Performance of a contract with you We will retain this data for up to two (2) years unless the purpose of processing extinguishes earlier
To manage our relationship with
you which will include: (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy (b) Dealing with your requests, complaints and queries (d) Marketing and Communications (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and manage our relationship with you We will retain this data for up to two (2) years unless the purpose of processing extinguishes earlier
To enable you to partake in a
prize draw, competition or
complete a survey (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business) We will retain this data for up to a month past the award
To administer and protect our
business and this website
(including troubleshooting, data
analysis, testing, system
maintenance, support, reporting
and hosting of data) (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise) (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation We will retain this data for up to two (2) years unless the purpose of processing extinguishes earlier
To deliver relevant website
content and online
advertisements to you and
measure or understand the
effectiveness of the advertising
we serve to you (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) Technical Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy) We will retain this data for up to two (2) years unless the purpose of processing extinguishes earlier
To use data analytics to improve
our website, products/services,
customer relationships and
experiences and to measure the effectiveness of our communications and marketing (a) Technical (b) Usage Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy) We will retain this data for up to two (2) years unless the purpose of processing extinguishes earlier
To send you relevant marketing communications and make personalised suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you based on your Profile Data (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile (f) Marketing and Communications Consent, having obtained your prior consent to receiving direct marketing communications We will retain this data for up to two (2) years unless the purpose of processing extinguishes earlier
Direct marketing
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us from us and you have not opted out of receiving the marketing.
We may also analyse your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view which products, services and offers may be of interest to you so that we can then send you relevant marketing communications.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express consent before we share your personal data with any third party for their own direct marketing purposes.
Opting out of marketing
You can ask to stop sending you marketing communications at any time by following the opt-out links within any marketing communication sent to you or by contacting us [LINK]].
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications, you will still receive service-related communications that are essential for administrative or customer service purposes [for example relating to [order confirmations for [a product/service warranty registration, appointment reminders, updates to our Terms and Conditions, checking that your contact details are correct].
Cookies
[For more information about the cookies we use and how to change your cookie preferences, please see https://paytech.edenred.com/cookie-policy
Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data where necessary with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table Purposes for which we will use your personal data above.
· Internal Third Parties within our Group or the Edenred group of companies
· External Third Parties we use as processors to facilitate the service of our website, for instance, .Hubspot, a CRM platform for inbound marketing, content and sales management. The Hubspot Privacy Policy can be found at https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.
· We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal
data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
We share your personal data within the Group or the Edenred Group. This will involve transferring your data outside the UK or the EEA to our overseas offices.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK or the EEA to countries which have laws that do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK law, we always ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that the following safeguards are implemented:
We use specific standard contractual terms approved for use in the UK or the EEA which give the transferred personal data the same protection as it has in the UK or the EEA, namely the International Data Transfer Agreement or The International Data Transfer Addendum to the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses for international data transfers. To obtain a copy of these contractual safeguards, please contact us at [insert contact email address or link to
PPT.DPO@edenred.com
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal
data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see [paragraph 9] below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
Your legal rights
You have a number of rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
You have the right to:
· Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
· Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
· Request erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
· Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) as the legal basis for that particular use of your data (including carrying out profiling based on our legitimate interests). In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your right to object.
· You also have the absolute right to object any time to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (see OPTING OUT OF MARKETING in paragraph 4 for details of how to object to receiving direct marketing communications).
· Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
· Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data (see the table in section 4 for details of when we rely on your consent as the legal basis for using your data). However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
· Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in one of the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy;
· Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;
· Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
· You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, [please contact us [see Contact details (paragraph 10)]
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or about the use of your personal data or you want to exercise your privacy rights, please contact us in the following ways:
· Email address:
PPT.DPO@edenred.com
· Postal address:
Station Square, 1 Gloucester Street, Swindon, SN1 1GW
Complaints
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the
chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on March 2024.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us, for example a new address or email address.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Recruitment & Careers
EdenPeople is Edenred PayTech’s external recruitment module, its objective being to facilitate and harmonize the management of applications and potential future candidates. The external recruitment module is accessible to the following types of data subjects:
Prospects
Referrals
External candidates wishing to apply for a job offer published by Edenred
Our Recruitment and Careers related policies can be read on our
EdenPeople Privacy Policy
and should be read with our website's
Privacy Policy
and
Terms & Conditions.
Who we are
The types of personal data we collect about you
How is your personal data collected?
How we use your personal data
Disclosures of your personal data
International transfers
Data security
Data retention
Your legal rights
Contact details
Complaints
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
Third-party links
Recruitment & Careers
Skip to a section