Privacy Policy
Updated on: May 7, 2024
Effective on: May 7, 2024
This policy applies to personal data held about our customers, our suppliers and prospective suppliers, people who visit our websites or use any of the【
CASUALJOYGAMES
】applications/service, and anyone else whose personal data we hold.
In this policy, “we,” “us,” and “our” means 【
CASUAL JOY LIMITED
】
(“CASUALJOYGAMES”,).
This policy deals with where we are acting as a ‘data controller’ under the data protection legislation: which essentially means where we are responsible for deciding what personal data we collect and how we use it.We talk about that a bit in this policy. When we refer to “personal data” we mean personal relating to you personally or from which you can be identified.  Some of the data mentioned in this policy is not ‘personal data’ as is meant under data protection legislation, but we may refer to it to help you understand what we do.
We are committed to protecting and respecting the personal data of everyone we deal with that is important to us and we know it is important to you.
In this policy you will find data about what types of personal data we hold about you, how and why we collect it, how we use it, and how we keep it secure. You will also find here data about your rights and how you can exercise them.
SPECIAL PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are aged under 16 you must not use the app as it is not designed for you. We do not intend to collect the personal data of anyone under 16. If you are aware that any personal data of anyone under 16 has been shared with the app, please let us know so that we can delete that data.
1.    Why we collect your personal data
Under data protection law, we can only use your personal data if we have a proper reason, eg:
●       where you have given consent
●       to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
●       for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract, or
●       for our legitimate interests or those of a third party
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information, so long as this is not overridden by your own rights and interests. We will carry out an assessment when relying on legitimate interests, to balance our interests against your own. You can obtain details of this assessment by contacting us.
The table below explains what we use your personal data for and why.
What we use your personal data for
Our reasons
Create and manage your account with us
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service to you at the best price
Providing services and/or the functionalities of the app to you
Depending on the circumstances:To perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service to you at the best price
Conducting checks to identify you and verify your identity or otherwise to help prevent and detect fraud against you or us
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligationsORFor our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie, to minimise the risk of account or identity theft or fraud that could be damaging for you, a third party or us
To enforce legal rights or defend or undertake legal proceedings
Depending on the circumstances:To comply with our legal and regulatory obligationsIn other cases, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to protect our business, interests and rights or those of others
Communications with you not related to marketing, including about changes to our terms or policies or changes to the app or service or other important notices
Depending on the circumstances:To comply with our legal and regulatory obligationsIn other cases, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to provide the best service to you
Protect the security of systems and data
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligationsWe may also use your personal data to ensure the security of systems and data to a standard that goes beyond our legal obligations, and in those cases our reasons are for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to protect systems and data and to prevent and detect criminal activity that could be damaging for you and/or us
Operational reasons, such as improving efficiency, training and quality control or to provide support to you
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service to you at the best price
Statistical analysis to help us manage our business, eg in relation to our financial performance, customer base, product range or other efficiency measures
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service to you at the best price.
Updating and enhancing customer records
Depending on the circumstances:To perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contractTo comply with our legal and regulatory obligationsWhere neither of the above apply, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, eg making sure that we can keep in touch with our customers about existing orders and new products
Disclosures and other activities necessary to comply with legal and regulatory obligations, eg to record and demonstrate evidence of your consent to our use of your personal data where relevant.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Marketing our services to existing and former customers
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to promote our business to existing and former customersSee ‘Direct Marketing’ below for further information.
We may need to share your personal data with members of our group and third parties in connection with a significant corporate transaction or restructuring, including a merger, acquisition, asset sale, initial public offering or in the event of our insolvencyIn such cases information will be anonymised where possible and only shared where necessary
Depending on the circumstances:To comply with our legal and regulatory obligationsIn other cases, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to protect, realise or grow the value in our business and assets
Direct Marketing
We may use your personal data to send you updates by email or by Facebook Messenger or iMessage about our services, including exclusive offers, promotions or new services.
This marketing may relate to:
●       products and services we (or permitted third parties) feel may interest you;
●       information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have
already used or enquired about;
●       upcoming events, promotions and new products/services or other opportunities as well as those
of selected third parties; and
●       information regarding any applicable loyalty programs (including points earned and free, bonus
and promotional points).
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications when using our apps, you may:
●       contact us at casualjoygames2022@gmail.com for direct marketing opt-out; or
●       using the “unsubscribe” link in emails, or let us know you intent to opt-out in our phone calls to you.
2.How we collect your personal data and what we collect
We collect personal data about you in the following ways when you use our products and services. We collect information in the following circumstances:
●       when you use our Game apps;
●       when a user account is created and managed;
●       when you connect your user account to your Facebook;
●       when you participate in any interactive features of the Service; or
●       when you otherwise communicate with us or via the Service.
When you access to our websites and our apps , we won’t collect your legally-sensitive data (i.e. race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetics, biometrics, health, sexuality and/or criminality) and other sensitive data (i.e. child data, social security numbers, bank account or payment card details).
We may also employ third party ad-serving(including but not limited to Google, Facebook, Mopub and its affiliates) and/or analytics technologies(including but not limited to Tableau, Kibana and its affiliates) that may use various methods to collect information through our software and the Service. These technologies may be embedded within our software and the Service and may collect, amongst other things, the information below.
We may collect user’s data from you, which includes:
●       your name, date of birth, email address, and personal description,if you specifically provide to us upon our requests;
●       demographic and location information as well as information from your device including but not limited to IP address, device UDID, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet usage information and in-game information;
●       technical information such as the internet protocol (known as IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your log-in information, time of access, date of access, time zone setting, web page(s) visited, software crash reports, type and version of browser used, browser plug-in types and versions used, and operating system and platform to ensure the security of your account and to verify that the person operating your account is you;
●       your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our websites and apps(including date and time), services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call out customer service team; and
●       in-game behaviors when you play a game, participate in discussions board or other social media functions, or when you report a problem on our websites or mobile apps.
Depending on the type of personal data in question and the grounds on which we may be processing it, should you decline to provide us with such data, we may not be able to fulfill our contractual requirements or, in extreme cases, may not be able to continue with our relationship. We will inform you if your failure to provide any requested personal information is going to result in these consequences.
3.Who do we share your information with
We may share your personal data with the following categories of recipients:
1)Affiliates
Your personal data will be used by us and disclosed to our group companies, including CASUAL JOY LIMITED and all of its subsidiaries.
2)selected business partners and advertising partners
Your personal data will be disclosed by us to our business partners and advertising partners, including without limitation, Google, Facebook (including their sub-contractors) who will use your data, amongst other things, to review and improve their products and services, to help them identify new products and services, for statistical analytical purposes and for the purpose of directly marketing their products and services to you, subject to you consenting to their private policies as presented in each of their websites.
3)public authorities/regulatory bodies/industry bodies
We may disclose your personal data:
●       to regulators and law enforcement agencies (including those responsible for enforcing anti-money laundering legislations);
●       in response to an enquiry from a government agency.
4)service providers
We may disclose your personal data to third party service providers (including our professional advisors, data analysis processors and data storage service providers) who require access to such information for the purpose of providing specific services to us. These third parties will generally only be able to access your data in order to provide us with their services and will not be able to use it for their own purposes.
Your personal data and your in-game behaviours will be recorded in US by AWS from Amazon.
5)replacement providers
If the management and operation of CASUAL JOY LIMITED and its affiliates are transferred from us to another company, we may disclose your personal data to the other company so the products and services can continue to be provided to you.
In the event that we sell or buy any business assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If CASUAL JOY LIMITED or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
We encourage you to read our partners’ policies to understand their privacy practices, the legal basis for their processing of your personal data, and any options that they provide for exercising control over such processing. We are not responsible for the information practices of our partners since we are each independent controllers of your data.
Advertising partners
Advertising partners are companies that require us to integrate their codes in order to provide advertising services in our inventory, which may lead to serve the advertisements that are mostly relevant to you.
Our Advertising partners include:
Brand Name
Privacy Policy Link
Aarki
https://corp.aarki.com/privacy
ADACTION
https://www.adaction.com/privacy-policy
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
adjoe
https://adjoe.io/privacy/
AdMob
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Google Ads
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Apple Search Ads
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
Blind Ferret
https://blindferret.com/privacy-policy/
ChartBoost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Digital Turbine
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook Ads
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
Fyber
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
Iron Source
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
Liftoff
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Mintegral
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Mistplay
https://www.mistplay.com/legal/privacy
Moloco
https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy
Pangle
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Persona.ly
https://persona.ly/en/privacy_policy
Snapchat Ads
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy
Tapjoy
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
TikTok
https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/privacy
Twitter Ads
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Unity Ads
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Data processing partners
Data processing partners are companies that create or store demographic and interest segments based on device identifiers, location data, and other personal data in order to help us improve our products and services for you.
Our Data Partners include:
Brand Name
Privacy Policy Link
Redshift
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy/
Tableau
https://www.salesforce.com/ap/company/privacy/
Thinking Data
https://docs.thinkingdata.cn/ta-manual/latest/en/installation/installation_menu/privacy.html#information-collection-and-use
AWS Athena
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy/
Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/terms/
Firebase
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Analytics
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook Fan Page
Data Controller for the Facebook Fan Page
The Company is the Data Controller of Your Personal Data collected while using the Service. As operator of the Facebook Fan Page , the Company and the operator of the social network Facebook are Joint Controllers.
The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that define the terms for use of the Facebook Fan Page, among other things. These terms are mostly based on the Facebook Terms of Service:
https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
.
Visit the Facebook Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
for more information about how Facebook manages Personal data or contact Facebook online, or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
Facebook Insights
We use the Facebook Insights function in connection with the operation of the Facebook Fan Page and on the basis of the GDPR, in order to obtain anonymized statistical data about Our users.
For this purpose, Facebook places a Cookie on the device of the user visiting Our Facebook Fan Page. Each Cookie contains a unique identifier code and remains active for a period of two years, except when it is deleted before the end of this period.
Facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the Cookie, especially when the user visits the Facebook services, services that are provided by other members of the Facebook Fan Page and services by other companies that use Facebook services.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook Privacy Policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Constant Contact
Constant Contact is an email marketing sending service provided by Constant Contact Communications.
For more information on the privacy practices of Constant Contact, please visit their Privacy policy:
https://endurance.clarip.com/privacycenter/?brand=ctct
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Facebook In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Amazon In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496&ref_=footer_privacy
PayPal
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
4.Security
We will take all reasonable precautions necessary to protect your personal data from
●       loss, theft, misuse and interference;
●       unauthorised access, disclosure, use or modification.
Such measures will vary depending on the sensitivity, amount, format, nature and storage of the information and will involve, as applicable, physical, organizational and electronic security measures.
This includes, for example, the protection of passwords using industry standard encryption, measures to preserve system security and prevent unauthorised access and back-up systems to prevent accidental or malicious loss of data. We may use third party data storage providers to store personal data electronically. We take reasonable steps to ensure this information is held as securely as information stored on our own equipment.
Unfortunately, there is always risk involved in sending information through any channel over the internet. You send information over the internet entirely at your own risk. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted over the internet and we do not warrant the security of any information, including personal data, which you transmit to us over the internet.
5.International transfers of data
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, destinations both within and outside the EEA. As mentioned above, we may disclose your personal data to our group companies and their service providers located in US and elsewhere, and to employees operating outside of the EEA who work for us or for one of our group companies or their respective service providers.
We want to make sure that your personal data is stored and transferred in a way which is secure. We will therefore only transfer data outside of the EEA where it is compliant with data protection legislation and the means of transfer provides adequate safeguards in relation to your data. For example, this could be:
●       by way of an intra-group agreement between CASUALJOYGAMES entities, incorporating the current standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission for the transfer of personal data by controllers in the EEA to controllers and processors in jurisdictions without adequate data protection laws;
●       by way of a data transfer agreement with a third party, incorporating the current standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission for the transfer of personal data by controllers in the EEA to controllers and processors in jurisdictions without adequate data protection laws; or
●       by transferring your data to an entity which has signed up to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework for the transfer of personal data from entities in the EU to entities in the United States of America or any equivalent agreement in respect of other jurisdictions; or
●       by transferring your data to a country where there has been a finding of adequacy by the European Commission in respect of that country’s levels of data protection via its legislation; or
●       where it is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between ourselves and a third party and the transfer is in your interests for the purposes of that contract (for example, if we need to transfer your data to a benefits provider based outside the EEA); or
●       where you have consented to the data transfer.
Where we transfer your personal data outside the EEA and where the country or territory in question does not maintain adequate data protection standards, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
6.How long will we keep your personal data?
We will not keep your personal data for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which we have collected it, unless we believe that the law or other regulation requires us to keep it (for example, because of a request by a tax authority or in connection with any anticipated litigation) or if we require it to enforce our agreements.
In general, we will retain your personal data for as long as we provide services to you and your account is active and following that period, for as long as we provide you directly with any other service offering.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal data, we will delete the personal data that we hold about you from our systems. While we will endeavour to permanently erase your personal data once it reaches the end of its retention period, some of your personal data may still exist within our systems, for example if it is waiting to be overwritten. For our purposes, this data has been put beyond use, meaning that, while it still exists in the electronic ether, our employees will not have any access to it or use it again.
7.Your Rights Under the GDPR
Access to a copy of your personal data
The right to be provided with a copy of your personal data
Correction (also known as rectification)
The right to require us to correct any mistakes in your personal data
Erasure (also known as the right to be forgotten)
The right to require us to delete your personal data—in certain situations
Restriction of use
The right to require us to restrict use of your personal data in certain circumstances, eg if you contest the accuracy of the data
Data portability
The right to receive the personal data you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third party—in certain situations
To object to use
The right to object:
—at any time to your personal data being used for direct marketing (including profiling)
—in certain other situations to our continued use of your personal data, eg where we use you personal data for our legitimate interests.
Not to be subject to decisions without human involvement
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you
We do not make any such decisions based on data collected by the app
Right to Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with our regulator, who is the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK. You can contact them in the following ways:
· Phone: 0303 123 1113
· Email:
casework@ico.org.uk
· Post: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
8.Your Rights Under the CCPA
You have the right under the CCPA and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to exercise free of charge:
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know:· The categories of personal information we have collected about you;· The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;· Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;· The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; and· The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.· Please note that we are not required to;· Retain any personal information about you that was collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about you is not retained;· Reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; or· Provide the personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period.
Personal Information Sold or Used for a Business Purpose
In connection with any personal information we may sell or disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:The categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; andThe categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose.You have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, we will refrain from selling your personal information, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for the sale of your personal information. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, visit our homepage and contact us at: casualjoygames2022@gmail.com.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:· Delete your personal information from our records; and· Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.· Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to:· Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;· Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;· Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;· Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;· Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;· Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;· Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;· Comply with an existing legal obligation; or· Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things:· Deny goods or services to you;· Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;· Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or· Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your personal information.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may contact us through email at 【casualjoygames2022@gmail.com】
Notice of Collection of Information
（
For California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) Consumers
）
We collect the categories of personal information about California consumers identified in the chart below. As further set forth in the chart below, in the past 12 months we have disclosed and “sold” (as defined in the CCPA) California consumers’ personal information to third parties for business or commercial purposes.
Categories of Personal Information:
Categories of sources from which information is collected:
Business or commercial purposes for collection, use and sharing:
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties:
Personal and online identifiers (such as unique online identifiers, IP address)
Consumers
Marketing;Advertising;Authentication;Identity resolution;Fraud detection;Fulfillment services;Facilitating transactions;Auditing related to our interactions with you;Legal compliance;Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;Debugging;Performing services (for us or our service providers) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;Internal research for technological improvement;Internal operations;Activities to maintain and improve our services; andOther one-time uses
Affiliates;Service providers; andGovernment agencies
Advertising/marketing companies;Advertising networks;Social networks
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as interactions with an application, or advertisement)
Consumers;Service Providers
Marketing;Advertising;Authentication;Identity resolution;Fraud prevention;Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions;Auditing related to our interactions with you;Legal compliance;Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;Internal research for technological improvement;Internal operations;Activities to maintain and improve our services; andOther one-time uses
Affiliates;Service providers
Advertising/marketing companies;Advertising networks;Social networks
Commercial or transactions information (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered; purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)
Consumers;Service Providers;App store providers
Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions;Auditing related to our interactions with you;Debugging;Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;Internal research for technological improvement;Internal operations;Activities to maintain and improve our services;andOther one-time uses
Affiliates;Service providers;App store providers
Geolocation information
Service Providers
Marketing;Advertising;Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions;Auditing related to our interactions with you;Legal compliance;Debugging;Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;Internal research for technological improvement;Internal operations;Activities to maintain and improve our services; andOther one-time uses
Affiliates;Service providers
Advertising/marketing companies;Advertising networks;Data analytics providers; andSocial networks
Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences
Consumers
Marketing;Advertising;Legal compliance;Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;Debugging;Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;Internal research for technological improvement;Internal operations;Activities to maintain and improve our services; andOther one-time uses
Affiliates
9.How to Exercise Your Rights
If you would like to exercise any of your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please Email us at casualjoygames2022@gmail.com.
Please note that you may only make a CCPA-related data access or data portability disclosure request twice within a 12-month period.
If you choose to contact us directly by email, you will need to provide us with:
· Enough information to identify you [(e.g., your full name, address and customer or matter reference number)];
· Proof of your identity and address (e.g., a copy of your driving license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
· A description of what right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
We are not obligated to make a data access or data portability disclosure if we cannot verify that the person making the request is the person about whom we collected information, or is someone authorized to act on such person’s behalf.
Any personal information we collect from you to verify your identity in connection with you request will be used solely for the purposes of verification.
10. Account Deletion
You have the right to delete the account which you have registered with us to access its products or services at any time. We will delete the account after verifying your identity information. To ensure the security of your account and property, you shall submit your account deletion request to us via one of the following ways：
          by using the contact information displayed on our official website（
https://www.casualjoygames.com/delete-account
）；or
          by clicking the ‘Account Deletion’ option provided in the APP.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, after account deletion, we will delete all information related to your account, including personal information and game logs, thus you will be unable to normally use the products or services provided by us. After you complete the deletion, your account cannot be retrieved and your account data cannot be recovered. Please maintain your account information properly.
11.Cookies
A cookie is a small data file sent by a website to your computer that is stored on your hard drive when you visit certain online pages of our website.
We use cookies to store users’ preferences, and collect aggregated demographic data. Cookies allow the website to identify and interact with your computer (for example so we can remember your login details if you have opted to ‘stay signed in’). We do not use cookies to retrieve information that was not originally sent by us to you in a cookie.
You can set your browser to accept or reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. If you reject cookies or delete our cookies, you may still use our websites, but you may have reduced functionality and access to certain areas of our websites or your account. You may disable or accept cookies at any time by changing your web browser’s options.
In addition to the express notice provided on our website when you first visit, your continued use of our website is your acceptance of our continued use of cookies on our website.
12.Changes and Applicability
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and protect your personal data. Please read this policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Respecting and protecting your privacy and your personal data is very important to us. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Service and any other documents referred to in it, sets out the basis upon which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us will be processed by us or on our behalf.
By visiting our website and using our products and services (including, but not limited to, the websites at
https://www.casualjoygames.com/
and our iPhone apps, iPad apps or Android Apps and via mobile phone) you acknowledge the terms of this Privacy Policy and the use and disclosure of your personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Your personal data will be held by us in accordance with applicable data protection laws. For the purposes of data protection laws, the data controller will be
CASUAL JOY LIMITED
.
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices, so we encourage you to check this page periodically. We will try to notify you in advance where there are any significant or very important changes.
13.Contacting Us
If you have any complaints, suggestions or other questions on these Terms, please contact us via in-app access for feedback or complaints or through email at 【casualjoygames2022@gmail.com】. We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and reply to you in a timely manner after verifying your identity.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://corp.aarki.com/privacy:
1. ABOUT US AND OUR SERVICES
Aarki LLC (
"Aarki"
,
"we"
,
"our"
or
"us"
) works
                            with mobile application developers, brands, and advertising agencies (our
"Customers"
)
                            to deliver advertising to
                            users of mobile apps. We do this through a media buying and optimization platform and
                            service that
                            we make available to our Customers (our
"Service"
).
2. WHAT THIS POLICY COVERS
2.1
We are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our Customers' users of our
                            Service
                            and visitors of our website at
www.aarki.com
(the
"Site"
).
2.2
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data
                            (
"personal information"
)
                            that identifies or is associated with visitors of our Site and users authorised to access
                            the Service by our Customers.
2.3
When we collect and use personal information in connection with our Service, we do so both
                            on the instructions of the relevant Customer,
                            in order to provide them with the Service, and for our own purposes. For instance, we use
                            information about how our Customers' users use and
                            access our Service to improve our Service.
2.4
This Privacy Policy sets out how we use your personal information through our Site, and how
                            we use it for our own purposes in
                            connection with the Service.
2.5
If you have been authorised to use our Service by a Customer your personal information will
                            also be used by the Customer in other ways. You should
                            therefore also ensure that you read the Customer's privacy notice or policy to understand
                            how your personal information may be used by the
                            relevant Customer when they use or give you access to the Service.
2.6
If you have any general questions about this Privacy Policy or how we use your personal
                            information, please contact us at
privacy@aarki.com
.
2.7
This Privacy Policy was last modified on
April 10, 2022
.
3. END USERS
If you are an end user of a mobile app that receives Customers' targeted advertising through
                            our
                            Service and would like to learn more about how we use your personal information, including
                            how to
                            opt-out of advertising from us, please see our
Advertising Privacy Policy
4. REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
4.1
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating
                            to the processing of
                            personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states.
4.2
If you are resident in the State of California in the United States, please refer to [
Annex 1
]
                            for additional California-specific privacy disclosures.
4.3
If you are resident in the State of Nevada in the United States, Chapter 603A of the Nevada
                            Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to
                            opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected
                            or will collect about the resident.
                            To submit such a request, please contact us at
privacy@aarki.com
.
4.4
If you are resident in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, please refer to [
Annex 2
]
                            for additional EEA and UK specific privacy disclosures.
5. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SITE
Personal information you provide directly to us
5.1
When you use our Site, we will collect the following information that you provide to us
                            through our contact form:
(a)
Contact information
, such as your name, email address and
                                    organization name.
(b)
Any comments or queries
that you submit through the contact form.
5.2
We use the information you provide to us to communicate with you and respond to any queries
                            that
                            you submit to us through our Site.
Personal information we collect automatically when you visit our Site
5.3
We will also collect the following information about how you access and use the Site and
                            information about
                            the device you use to access the Site:
(a)
Information about how you access and use the Site
, such as the
                                    website you came from and the website you go to when
                                    you leave the Site, the time you access the Site, how frequently you access the
                                    Site, how long you use the Site for,
                                    the approximate location that you access the Site from and other actions you take on
                                    the Site.
(b)
Information about your device that you use to access the Site
, such
                                    as the type of device, operating system, browser, your Internet service
                                    provider or mobile network and your IP address.
(a)
We use the information we collect about your device and your use of our Site to present the
                            Site
                            to you on your device in accordance with your screen and window size and your browser
                            settings.
                            We will also use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve the Site and to
                            help us develop new features of the Site.
6. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICE
Personal information you provide directly to us
6.1
We collect the following personal information about you if you access and use our Service on
                            behalf of a Customer:
(a)
Contact information
, such as your name and email address.
(b)
The name of the Customer
giving you access to the Service.
(c)
Login information
, such as your email and password that you use to
                                    access the Service.
6.2
We use the information you provide to us when you access our Service to authenticate you and
                            give you access
                            to the Service, for billing and audit purposes as well as to communicate with you and send
                            you Service-related communications.
Personal information we collect automatically when you use the Service
6.3
We will also collect the following information about how you access and use the Service and
                            information about the device you use to access the Service:
(a)
Information about how you access and use the Service
, such as the
                                    time you access the Service, how
                                    frequently you access the Service, how long you use the Service for, the approximate
                                    location that
                                    you access the Service from and other actions you take on the Service.
(b)
Information about your device that you use to access the Service
,
                                    such as the type of device,
                                    operating system, browser, your Internet service provider or mobile network and your
                                    IP address.
6.4
We use the information we collect about your device and your use of our Service to grant
                            you access to the Service, and to present the Service to you on your device in accordance
                            with
                            your screen and window size and your browser settings. We will also use this information to
                            monitor the performance of, and improve the Service and to help us develop new features of
                            the Service.
7. RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
7.1
We may share the personal information we collect and use for our own purposes with the
                            following:
(a)
Companies owned by or under common ownership with Aarki
, including
                                    our subsidiaries
                                    (i.e.,any organisation we own or control) and our ultimate holding company (i.e.,
                                    any organisation that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These
                                    companies may use your personal information in the same way as described under this
                                    Privacy Policy.
(b)
Service providers and advisors.
We may share your personal
                                    information with third
                                    party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our
                                    behalf, which may include providing mailing, email or chat services, fraud
                                    prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.
(c)
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business
                                        transaction.
Your
                                    personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a
                                    transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing,
                                    change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
(d)
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons.
We
                                    may share your
                                    personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably
                                    believe that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with the law and the reasonable
                                    requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and
                                    breaches of agreements; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or
                                    personal safety of Aarki, its users or others.
7.2
We may also share your personal information with other recipients on the instructions of our
                            Customers. Please refer to the relevant Customer's privacy notice for further information
                            about how the Customer may share (or may instruct us to share) your personal information.
8. MARKETING
8.1
From time to time, we may contact you with relevant information about our and our
                            affiliates' Services. Most messages we send will be by email. For some messages, we may use
                            personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant information
                            to share with you.
8.2
You can change your marketing preferences by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom
                            of our emails.
9. SECURITY
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal
                            information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal
                            information we collect will be stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, however, no
                            security measures will always be completely effective. We will notify you in accordance with
                            applicable laws if we become aware that your personal information has been compromised.
10. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
10.1
Our Site and Service use cookies and similar technologies, such as local storage objects,
                            JavaScript tags and pixels (collectively,
"cookies"
) to distinguish you
                            from other users of our Site or Service. This helps us to improve our Site and Service,
                            provide you with certain
                            functionalities of our Site and Service.
10.2
Cookies are pieces of code that we transfer to your device's hard disk which save and store
                            certain information about your use of the Site and Service. We use them as follows:
(a)
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for
                                    the operation of
                                    our Site and Service. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into
                                    secure areas of our Service and navigate between pages without having to re-enter
                                    information.
(b)
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and
                                    count the number of
                                    visitors and to see how visitors move around our Site and Service when they are
                                    using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by
                                    ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
(c)
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you
                                    return to our Site
                                    or Service or provide certain functionalities of our Site and Service. This enables
                                    us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences (for example,
                                    your choice of language or region).
10.3
Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings, including blocking all cookies and
                            deleting existing cookies. Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be
                            able to use the full functionality of our website. These settings will typically be found in
                            the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser. Further information about how to manage
                            cookies in most popular browsers is available through the links below:
(a)
Cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
(b)
Cookie settings in Firefox
(c)
Cookie settings in Chrome
(d)
Cookie settings in Safari
and
iOS
10.4
Deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies,
                            such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like Flash objects or HTML5.
11. INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
11.1
Although Aarki does not currently allow third party advertising networks to collect your
                            data for their own purposes, this is common practice among companies that operate online,
                            and in the future, we may allow certain third-party advertising networks, social media
                            companies and other third-party businesses to collect and disclose your personal
                            information, including Internet/Network information, directly from your device when you use
                            our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties may use your personal information
                            for purposes of analysing and optimizing our Service and advertisements on other websites or
                            mobile apps, or on other devices you may use, or to personalize content and perform other
                            advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
                            These third-party businesses may also use such information for their own purposes in
                            accordance with their own privacy statements, and may sell the information to third parties,
                            including other advertising networks, for advertising and other purposes.
11.2
You can opt-out of receiving some interest-based advertisements on mobile apps by visiting
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
                            You may also be able to opt-out of some — but not all —
                            interest-based advertising served by mobile ad networks by visiting
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.
11.3
Please note that when you opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements, this does not
                            mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or through our Service. It means that the
                            online ads that you do see from DAA program participants should not be based on your
                            interests. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any
                            third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding
                            their programs. In addition, third parties may still use cookies to collect information
                            about your use of online services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as
                            any other purpose permitted under the DAA’s principles. To learn more about interest-based
                            advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to
                            visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s
                            (NAI) online resources, at
www.aboutads.info/choices
or
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
.
11.4
If you are resident in the State of California in the United States, please refer to
                            [
Annex 1
] for additional information about how you can
                            opt out of this kind of data collection.
11.5
Please note that in the event Aarki elects in the future to allow third parties to collect
                            your personal
                            information for the purpose of interest based advertising, we will not collect personal
                            information for
                            the purpose of interest-based advertising about you if you are resident in the European
                            Economic Area or the United Kingdom.
12. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and so you should review this page
                            periodically.
                            When we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will update the "last modified"
                            date in section
                            2 of this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted
                            on this page.
ANNEX 1
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
These additional California Privacy Disclosures (the
"CA Disclosures"
)
                            supplement the
                            information contained in our
Privacy Policy
and apply solely to individual
                            residents of the
                            State of California (
"consumers"
or
"you"
).
                            These CA Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and
                            otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California,
                            either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
                            (
"CCPA"
). Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these CA
                            Disclosures have the same
                            meaning as defined in our
Privacy Policy
or as otherwise defined in the
                            CCPA.
                            For purposes of these CA Disclosures,
"personal information"
has the
                            meaning provided by the
                            CCPA and does not include information that is publicly available, that is deidentified or
                            aggregated such that it is not capable of being associated with us, or that is excluded from
                            the CCPA’s scope. This section does not apply to information relating to our employees,
                            contractors, and other personnel.
1. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
1.1
We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes, as described
                            in section 5 (
Information we collect when you use our Site
) and section 6 (
Information
                            we
                            collect when you use our Service
) of the
Privacy Policy
. In the last 12
                            months, we have
                            collected the following categories of personal information:
When You Use Our Site and Service:
Identifiers
, such as your name, phone number, email address,
                                    password, country, or other similar identifiers.
Internet/Network information
, such as device information, logs and
                                    analytics data.
Geolocation data
, such as approximate location data generated based
                                    on your IP address or other information.
Professional/Employment information
, such as the business or
                                    organization you represent, your title with that business or
                                    organization and information relating to your role with the business or
                                    organization.
Other personal information
, including communication preferences,
                                    customer service and communications history, and personal
                                    information you provide us in relation to a question, request or inquiry.
1.2
We collect this information directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates,
                            from your browser or device when you visit our websites,
                            or from third parties that you permit to share information with us.
2. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As described in section 5 (
Information we collect when you use our Site
) and section
                            6
                            (
Information we collect when you use our Service
) of the
Privacy
                            Policy
, we collect personal
                            information directly from you when you provide it to us, automatically when you visit our
                            websites and other online services, and from service providers and other third parties.
3. PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information about you for the purposes described in section 5
                            (
Information we collect when you use our Site
) and section 6 (
Information we
                            collect when you use our Service
)
                            of the
Privacy Policy
.
4. RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As described in section 7 (
Recipients of Personal Information
) of our
Privacy
                            Policy
, we
                            share personal information within the Aarki group of companies and with a variety of third
                            parties. For
                            representatives of our clients and other third parties, we also share your personal
                            information
                            with the entity you represent.
5. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
5.1
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights (subject to
                            certain limitations at law):
(a)
The Right to Know
any or all of the following information relating
                                    to your personal information we
                                    have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your
                                    identity:
(i)
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected
                                            about you.
(ii)
The categories of personal information we have collected about
                                            you.
(iii)
The categories of sources of the personal information.
(iv)
The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third
                                            parties for a
                                            business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information
                                            was disclosed.
(v)
The categories of personal information we have sold and the categories of
                                            third parties to
                                            whom the information was sold.
(vi)
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling
                                            the personal information.
(b)
The Right to Request Deletion
of personal information we have
                                    collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
(c)
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales
to third parties
                                    now or in the future.
5.2
You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights. However,
                            please note that if the exercise
                            of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a
                            deletion request), we may
                            no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same
                            manner.
6. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Right to Know and Right to Deletion
6.1
You may submit a request to exercise your California Consumer Rights by emailing us at
dsar@aarki.com
.
6.2
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a
                            resident
                            of the State of California. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either
                            require the successful
                            authentication of your membership, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us
                            to the information we
                            maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional
                            personal information from you,
                            including, but not limited to, your email, address, and phone number.
6.3
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above,
                            particularly
                            where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems.
                            If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the
                            reasons
                            for declining to comply with the request.
Right to Opt Out of Sales of Personal Information
6.4
To opt out of data sales, please click on the link below:
Enter your device ID:
Opt-out
7. AUTHORIZED AGENTS
7.1
In certain circumstances, California residents are permitted to use an authorized agent to
                            submit requests to
                            know or delete personal information on their behalf through the designated methods set forth
                            in these CA Disclosures,
                            where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on their behalf by:
(a)
receiving a power of attorney valid under the laws of California from the consumer
                                    or their authorized agent.
(b)
receiving sufficient evidence to show that the consumer has:
(i)
provided the authorized agent signed permission to act on their behalf.
(ii)
verified the consumer’s own identity directly with us pursuant to the
                                            procedures set forth in these CA Disclosures.
(iii)
directly confirmed with us that the consumer provided the authorized agent
                                            permission to submit the request on their behalf.
(c)
for requests to opt-out of personal information “sales”: receiving a signed
                                    permission demonstrating your authorized
                                    agent has been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
ANNEX 2
EUROPEAN AND UK PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
These European and UK Privacy Disclosures supplement the information contained in our
                                Privacy Policy and apply to our processing of your personal information if you are based
                                in
                                the European Economic Area (
"EEA"
) or the United Kingdom
                                (
"UK"
).
If you are in the EEA or the UK, you should ensure that you read both the Privacy Policy and
                            these additional European and UK Privacy Disclosures to understand how we use your personal
                            information and your rights in respect of that personal information.
1. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
1.1
Aarki determines and is responsible for the uses of your personal information described in
                            the Privacy Policy and
                            these European and UK Privacy Disclosures, meaning that we will be the controller of your
                            personal information
                            when we use it in these instances.
1.2
The Customer who grants you access to the Service will also determine and is responsible for
                            how we use your personal
                            information when we do so on their instructions when providing them with the Service,
                            meaning that
                            they will be the controller of your personal information in those instances.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SITE
2.1
The following table sets out the personal information we collect when you use our Site, how
                            we use it, the lawful basis we
                            rely on for processing that personal information and how long we keep it:
Category of personal information
How we use that personal information
Lawful basis for processing
Retention period
Contact information
, such as your name, email address and organisation
                                name.
We use this information to respond to any queries that you submit to us through our
                                    Site.
We use this information to send you unsolicited marketing communications in
                                accordance with your preferences.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely responding to
                                    enquiries we
                                    receive about our products and services.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given
                                us your consent to do so.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years after you last
                                contact us or, if you have
                                agreed to receive marketing communications from us, two (2) years after you opt out
                                of receiving such communications from us.
Comments and queries
that you submit to us through the contact form on
                                our Site.
We use this information to respond to the queries that you submit to us through our
                                Site.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely responding to
                                enquiries we receive about our products and services.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years after you last
                                contact us.
Marketing and Communications Preferences
, such as your preferences in
                                receiving
                                marketing from us.
We use this information to provide notifications, send news, alerts and marketing
                                    communications and we do this in accordance with your choices.
We use this information to ensure that we comply with our legal obligation to send
                                only those marketing
                                communications to which you have consented.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely ensuring the user
                                    receives the correct marketing
                                    and other communications in accordance with the user's preferences.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
                                subject.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years from when you opt
                                out of receiving communications from us.
Information about how you access and use the Site
, such as the website
                                you came from
                                and the website you go to when you leave the Site, the time you access the Site, how
                                frequently you access the Site, how long you use the Site for, the approximate
                                location that you access the Site from and other actions you take on the Site.
We use this information to present the Site to you on your device in accordance with
                                    your
                                    screen and window size and your browser settings.
We use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve our Site and to
                                develop new features of the Site.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our
                                    website terms and conditions.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given
                                us your consent to do so.
This information will remain identifiable while the cookies used to receive it
                                remain on your device, namely for a period of 13
                                months from when they are installed in accordance you’re your preferences.
Information about your device that you use to access the Site
, such as
                                the type of
                                device, operating system, browser,
                                your Internet service provider or mobile network and your IP address.
We use this information to present the Site to you on your device in accordance with
                                    your screen and window size and your browser settings.
We use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve our Site and to
                                develop new features of the Site.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our
                                    website terms and conditions.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given
                                us your consent to do so.
This information will remain identifiable while the cookies used to receive it
                                remain on your device, namely for a period of 13 months from when they are installed
                                in accordance you’re your preferences.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICE
3.1
The following table sets out the personal information we collect when you access and use our Service on behalf of a Customer,
                            how we use it, the lawful basis we rely on for processing that personal information and how long we keep it:
Category of personal information
How we use that personal information
Lawful basis for processing
Retention period
Contact information
, such as your name and email address and the name
                                of the Customer
                                granting you access to the Service.
We use this information to authenticate you and grant you access to the Service.
We use this information to send you Service-related communications.
We use this information to send you unsolicited marketing communications in accordance
                                with your preferences.
The processing is necessary for the Customer's legitimate interests, namely
                                    providing you with access to the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely providing technical
                                    updates about our Service.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us
                                your consent to do so.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years after you last contact
                                us or, if you have agreed to receive marketing
                                communications from us, two (2) years after you opt out of receiving such communications
                                from us.
Comments and queries
that you submit to us in connection with your use
                                of the Service.
We use this information to respond to the queries that you submit to us and provide
                                product support.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely providing customer
                                service and support.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years after you last contact
                                us.
Marketing and Communications Preferences
, such as your preferences in
                                receiving marketing from us.
We use this information to provide notifications, send news, alerts and marketing
                                    communications and
                                    we do this in accordance with your choices.
We use this information to ensure that we comply with our legal obligation to send only
                                those marketing
                                communications to which you have consented.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely ensuring the user
                                    receives the correct marketing and other
                                    communications in accordance with the user's preferences.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
                                subject.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years from when you opt out of
                                receiving communications from us.
Information about how you access and use the Service
, such as the time
                                you access the Service,
                                how frequently you access the Service, how long you use the Service for,
                                the approximate location that you access the Service from and other actions you take on
                                the Service.
We use this information to present the Service to you on your device in accordance
                                    with your
                                    screen and window size and your browser settings.
We use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve our Service and to
                                develop new features of the Service.
The processing is necessary for the Customer's legitimate interests, namely
                                    providing you with access to the Service.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us
                                your consent to do so.
This information will remain identifiable while the cookies used to receive it remain on
                                your device. The cookies we use to
                                obtain this information include session cookies (which are deleted after you leave the
                                Service) and persistent cookies
                                that stay on your device for 1 year.
Information about your device that you use to access the Service
, such
                                as the type of device, operating system,
                                browser, your Internet service provider or mobile network and your IP address.
We use this information to present the Service to you on your device in accordance
                                    with your screen
                                    and window size and your browser settings.
We use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve our Service and to
                                develop new features of the Service.
The processing is necessary for the Customer's legitimate interests, namely
                                    providing you with access to the Service.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us
                                your consent to do so.
This information will remain identifiable while the cookies used to receive it remain on
                                your device. The cookies we use to obtain
                                this information include session cookies (which are deleted after you leave the Service)
                                and persistent cookies
                                that stay on your device for 1 year.
4. Mandatory and optional Personal Information
4.1
We will notify you if the provision of certain personal information is mandatory or optional.
4.2
Where we need to collect personal information by law, to provide you with access to the Service or respond to
                            your query, and you fail to provide that personal information when requested, we may not be able to provide
                            you with access to the Service or respond to requests.
5. Cookies and similar technologies
Other than strictly necessary cookies, we will only place cookies on your device with your consent. You can let
                            us know which cookies you agree to receive, and view further information about the cookies we use, through the popup
                            displayed to you when you access the Site.
6. International Transfers of Personal Information
6.1
We may transfer personal information to our service providers and partners as described in section 7
                            (
Recipients of Personal Information
) of the Privacy Policy. This may mean that your personal information may be
                            transferred to and stored in countries outside the UK or EEA where we and our third-party service providers have operations,
                            including the United States.
6.2
These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, including:
(a)
ensuring that recipients or the country in which they are located are deemed by the European Commission or under law applicable in
                                    the UK to provide adequate protection for personal information.
(b)
ensuring that transfers are subject to standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner
                                    for the transfer of personal information.
6.3
We will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable
                            law and this Privacy Policy regardless of where it is processed.
6.4
If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards we use, please contact us using the details
                            set out at the top of the Privacy Policy.
7. your rights in respect of your personal information
7.1
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following
                            rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
(a)
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain:
(i)
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information.
(ii)
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process
                                            your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods.
(iii)
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information.
(iv)
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
(b)
Right of portability.
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided
                                    to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer
                                    of your personal data to another person.
(c)
Right to rectification.
You have the right to obtain rectification of any
                                    inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
(d)
Right to erasure.
You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay
                                    if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
(e)
Right to restriction.
You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes
                                    for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way
                                    is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
7.2
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate
                                interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for
                                continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
7.3
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the top of the Privacy Policy.
7.4
Please note that, in order to exercise your rights with respect to any personal information that we hold about you on behalf
                            of a Customer, we will need to ask for instructions from the relevant Customer before we take any action. We therefore
                            recommend that you contact that Customer directly if you would like to exercise your rights in respect of this personal information.
7.5
If you reside in the UK, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's
                            Office ("ICO"), the UK regulator for data protection issues. You can make a complaint via the ICO's website
                            (
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
).
                            This website also provides additional contact details for the ICO.
7.6
If you are resident in the EEA, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the regulator in your jurisdiction.
                            To find out how to contact your local regulator, please visit
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.adaction.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Publisher Terms & Conditions
Advertiser Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
AdAction Interactive LLC, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries andaffiliates (“
AdAction
,” “
us
,” ”
we
,” or “
our
“), is committed to protecting your privacy. AdAction has prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you, or if you represent an entity or other organization, thatentity or organization, (in either case, “
you
” or ”
User
“) our practices regarding the personal information that AdAction collects, uses, and shares regarding our mobile app marketing ad network platform (the “
Platform
“) accessed through ourwebsites located at
www.adaction.com
and
partners.adactioninteractive.com
, and through various other websites operated by AdAction (each a ”
Website
“), or using mobile and online applicationsprovided by and on behalf of AdAction (each, an ”
Application
,” and each Website and Application treated as a part of the “Platform” for purposes of this Privacy Policy). The Platformprovides Users with access to data, information, and other content (”
Content
“), as well as features, resources, and services (collectively, “
Services
“), relating to AdAction’s Platform.
We also collect information from our developer, advertiser, and publisher customers (“
Customers
“) about their end users, which may be Users of the Platform, such as Customer promotions, surveys, or contests offered to any end user of a Customer. This Privacy Policy does not apply to end user information that AdAction processes on behalf of its Customers as a “service provider” or “data processor.” Please review the respective Customer’s privacy policy for more information about their privacy practices.
AdAction reserves the right, at any time, to modify this Privacy Policy. If we make revisions that change the way we collect, use, or share personal information, we will post an updated Privacy Policy on this page. In some cases, we may notify you about an update by sending you an email, posting a notice about the update on the Platform, or other means as may be required by applicable law. In all cases, your continued use of the Platform following posting or other notification of changes constitutes your acknowledgement of such changes. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you keep up to date on our most current policies and practices. We will note the effective date of the latest version of our Privacy Policy at the top of this Privacy Policy.
1. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
. AdAction collects personal information when Users voluntarily submit it to us. For example, we may collect or receive information from you when you create an Account, edit your Account Information, use or access Services or Content, or otherwise interact with us or other Users of the Platform. The list below describes the categories of personal information that we may collect about you. We may also collect other personal information that is not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Contact information
, such as your or your organization’s (as applicable) name, email address, phone number, mailing address, and social media handle.
Account information
, such as your log-in details, information that you store in your account, including (as applicable) advertising materials and campaign tracking information, and other details about your use of the Platform.
Transaction history and billing data
, such as records of Services purchased from us, and payment amounts and payment methods used to complete transactions. All payment processing services connected with your use of the Platform are provided to you by third-party payment processors. AdAction does not access or keep information related to credit cards, banking information, or other sensitive financial information.
Marketing information
, such as any preferences you set in your account and any marketing or communications preferences.
Survey responses
, such as the information you provide in response to our surveys or questionnaires.
Communications
, such as the information associated with your requests or inquiries, including for support, assistance, or order information, and any feedback you provide when you communicate with us.
In addition to personal information that we may receive from you, AdAction, our service providers, and our advertising partners may automatically collect other information about Users over time on our Platform and other sites and online services, such as:
Online activity information
, such as the website you visited before browsing to the Platform, pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access.
Device information
, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, wireless carrier, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city, state, or geographic area.
We may use the following technologies to facilitate some of this automatic data collection:
Cookies
. “Cookies” are small bits of information that the Platform places on the hard drive of your computer to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Cookies remember information about your activities on the Platform to make your visits to the Platform more enjoyable and valuable to you by providing a customized experience and recognizing your preferences when you visit the Platform. Cookies also help you navigate between pages efficiently, enable functionality, help us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitate online advertising. If you’ve chosen to disable cookies on your browser, some of the functionality of the Platform may be lost. Certain Services provided by AdAction, require that cookies be enabled in your browser and cannot be used when you have disabled cookies in your browser.
Web Server Logs
. Web server logs are records of activity created by the computer that delivers the web pages you request to your browser. For example, a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you to a web page. The web server log also may record information about your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the server.
SDK Information
. We may collect information from a Software Development Kit (SDK) that our Customers integrate into their applications that allows them to provide end users with advertising. SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly via our Applications.
AdAction participates in behavioral-based advertising. This means that a third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about you so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on the Platform, or on other web sites.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly or automatically, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including other Users and Customers, our service providers, advertising partners, data analytics partners, operating systems and platforms, social media platforms, and other third parties or publicly available sources.
2.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
. AdAction’s primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide our Platform to enable our Customers to engage in mobile advertising, and to operate our business. AdAction may also use personal information about you for various purposes, including without limitation those set forth below and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.
To Provide the Platform and Services
. We use personal information to provide the Platform and operate our business. For example, we use personal information to:
help diagnose problems with the Platform, to administer the Platform, and to enhance the Platform for optimal User experience;
identify you when you access and use the Platform and personalize and improve your experience;
establish, manage, monitor, and maintain your account;
facilitate transactions and process payments;
send Users materials, updates, and product information regarding the Platform, their account or transaction, and to respond to any requests, feedback, or questions;
provide maintenance, support, and customer service for the Platform;
contact Users for information verification purposes; and
fulfil any other purpose for which you provide personal information.
Research and Development
. We use personal information for research and development purposes, including to study and improve the features and functionality of our Platform and our business, understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Users, and develop new products and services. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified, or other anonymous data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes.
Direct Marketing
. We may send you AdAction-related or other direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including materials, updates, information, special offers, and promotional material from us and our business partners. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the “YOUR CHOICES” section below.
Behavioral-Based Advertising
. We work with third-party advertising companies and social media companies to help us advertise our business and to display ads for our products and services. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about you (including the online activity information and device information described above) over time across our Platform and other websites, applications, and services or your interaction with our emails, and use that information to serve ads that they think will interest you. In addition, some of these companies may use hashed customer lists that we share with them to deliver ads to you and to similar users on their platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting behavioral-based advertising in the “YOUR CHOICES” section below.
To Comply with Laws and Regulations
. We will use personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal processes, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
. We may use personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the Platform and our products and services, business, databases, and other technology assets; (b) protect our, your, or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (c) audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies; (d) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Platform; and € prevent, identify, investigate, and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
With Your Consent
. We will disclose your personal information in accordance with your prior direction or, in some cases, we may specifically ask you for your consent to collect, use, or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
3.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
. Where required by applicable law, AdAction may ask if you would like us to share your personal information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, and we may do so with your consent. AdAction may also share your personal information with the following entities or persons:
R
elated Companies
. We may share your personal information with companies that are affiliated with us (that is, that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with AdAction).
Service Providers
. AdAction may share your personal information with service providers that perform services for AdAction that are necessary for the orderly operation of our business. For example, we work with service providers that perform hosting services, provide marketing assistance, analyze User data, process payment card information, fraud protection, database management, and for other legitimate purposes.
Social Media Platforms
. The Platform may offer you the ability to share your personal information through a social networking site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn), using such site’s integrated tools (e.g., Facebook “Like” button, or Twitter “Tweet” button). The use of such integrated tools enables you to share personal information about yourself with other individuals or the public, depending on the settings that you have established with such social networking site. Additionally, by making personal information available on the Platform, AdAction may provide such personal information to a social networking site. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and use in connection with such social networking site or a site’s integrated tools, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these social networking sites.
Advertising Partners
. We may also share personal information with third parties who we partner with for advertising campaigns or that collect information about your activity on the Platform for the purposes described in the “Behavioral-Based Advertising” section above.
Professional Advisors
. We may share personal information with persons, companies, or professional firms providing AdAction with advice and consulting in accounting, administrative, legal, tax, financial, debt collection, and other matters.
Law Enforcement
. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose personal information to law enforcement, government authorities, and other parties if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).
Compliance
. We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or for the purposes described above in the section titled “For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety.”
Business Transaction Participants
. We may disclose personal information to third parties in connection with any business transaction (or potential transaction) involving a merger, acquisition, sale of shares or assets, financing, consolidation, reorganization, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
4.
PUBLIC FORUM AND MESSAGING
. We may provide functionality that enables you to disclose personal information to other Users of the Platform and the public. For example, AdAction may offer public discussion forums and bulletin boards. Please note that information that you disclose in these public forums becomes public. Use caution in disclosing any personal information. The Platform may also allow you to exchange messages with other Users. We may store these messages in order to deliver them and allow you to manage them. You may also be able to submit content to the Platform (such as advertising material, comments, questions, stories, reviews, blogs, photos, and videos), and we will identify you by displaying information such as your company name, username, social media handle, or a link to your user profile (as applicable) along with the content you submit. We do not control how other Users or third parties use any personal information that you make available to other Users or the public.
5.
SECURITY
. AdAction employs reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect personal information from becoming disclosed to individuals who are not described in this Privacy Policy. Although we will take reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
6.
YOUR CHOICES
. You may make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Changes to Your Personal Information
. We rely on you to update and correct the personal information contained in your account. If the Platform does not permit you to update or correct certain personal information, please submit a request to us using the contact information listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable laws. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, as required under applicable legal obligations, or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or access.
Email Marketing Communications
. If you wish to stop receiving email marketing communications from AdAction, please contact us at the email address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy or click the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your Account or to facilitate Content or Services that you have made or accepted.
“Do Not Track” Signals
. Some web browsers may be configured to broadcast a “Do Not Track” signal to the online services you visit. At this time, the Platform does not currently respond to “Do Not Track” signals. To find outmore about “Do Not Track,” please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Cookies
. Most browsers let you remove and/or stop accepting cookies from the websites you visit. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser’s settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all functionality of the Platform and our Websites may not work properly. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies havebeen set on your browser and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Analytics
. The Websites may use Google Analytics to help us analyze how the Website is being accessed and used. You can learn more about Google Analytics cookies by clicking
here
and about how Google protects your data by clicking
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the GoogleAnalytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available
here
.
Advertising Choices
. You can limit the use of your information for behavioral-based advertising by using the methods set forth below. Many of the opt-out preferences described in this section must be set on each device and/or browser for which you want them to apply. Please note that some of the advertising companies we work with may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms described below, so even after opting-out, you may still receive behavioral-based advertisements from other companies. If you opt-out of behavioral-based advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may be less relevant to you.
Browser Settings
. You can limit the use of your information for behavioral-based advertising by blocking third-party cookies in your browser settings or using browser plug-ins/extensions.
Device Settings
. You can use your mobile device settings to limit the use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device. Please note that even if you opt-out, you will still receive advertising but these messages will not feature interest-based ads that may be more relevant to you.
Advertising Alliance Programs
. You may use the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”),
Digital Advertising Alliance
(“DAA”), or the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
opt-out tools to learn more about targeted or interest-based advertising and to opt out of certain targeting programs from companies participating in these industry opt-out programs. You may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available
here
, and selecting the user’s choices.
Company Opt-Out Mechanisms
. Some of the companies we work with may offer their own opt-out mechanisms. For example, you can learn more about how Google usescookies for advertising purposes by clicking
here
andopt-out of ad personalization by Google by clicking
here
.
7.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
. AdAction retains your personal information:
For so long as your Account is active or as needed to provide you with Services or to fulfill our contractual obligations;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements; and
For so long as is necessary for the purposes for which we collected such personal information.
8.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (SHINE THE LIGHT)
. Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents who have an established business relationship with AdAction are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. This notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties with which it is shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to us at the addresses listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
9.
NOTICE TO NEVADA RESIDENTS
. Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A allows Nevada residents to opt-out of the “sale” of certain types of personal information. Subject to several exceptions, Nevada law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of certain types of personal information for monetary consideration to another person. If you are a Nevada resident who wishes to exercise your “sale” opt-out rights, you may submit a request to us using the contact information listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
10.
NOTICE TO EUROPEAN USERS
. The information provided in this section applies only to individuals inthe European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (collectively, ”
Europe
“). The controller of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of European data protection legislation is AdAction Interactive LLC, 200 Union Blvd, Ste 305, Lakewood CO, 80228.
Your Rights
. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you may have the right to request: access to, rectification, and erasure of your personal information; restriction of processing of personal information; objecting to certain processing of personal information; and the right to data portability. Where any processing of personal information is solely dependent upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (for example, by using the unsubscribe link contained in an applicable marketing message, or, emailing us at the “Communications” details below). If we do not have access to such personal information from you, then we will not be able to undertake certain Services for you. We may withhold information where the search for that information would require disproportionate effort or have a disproportionate effect to, for example, the cost of providing the information, the time it would take to retrieve the data, or how difficult it may be to obtain the information requested. To exercise your rights under these provisions, please contact us at the “Communications” details below. When we receive your requests, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. Where you believe that we have not processed your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws, you may lodge a complaint with the respective supervisory authority or data protection regulator. In theEuropean Economic Area, you can find your data protection regulator
here
. Inthe United Kingdom, you can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Legal Bases for Processing
. The legal bases of our processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we process it. However, the legal bases we typically rely on are set out in the table below. We rely on our legitimate interests as our legal basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the legal basis of how we process your personal information, contact us at the “Communications” details below.
Processing Purpose
(as described above in the “Use of Personal Information” section)
Legal Basis
To Provide the Platform and Services
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our operation of the Platform or Services, or to take steps that you request prior to engaging our services. Where we cannot process your personal information as required to operate the Platform or Services on the grounds of contractual necessity, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests as further described in this Privacy Policy.
Research and Development
Processing is based on our legitimate interests in performing research and development as described in this Privacy Policy.
Direct Marketing
Processing is based on your consent where that consent is required by applicable law. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consented or via the relevant Services.
Where such consent is not required by applicable law, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests in promoting our business and providing you with tailored, relevant content.
Behavioral-Based Advertising
To Comply with Laws and Regulations
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations or based on our legitimate interests in protecting our or others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property.
With Your Consent
Processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consent or via the relevant Services.
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
. If we transfer your personal information to a country outside of Europe such that we are required to apply additional safeguards to your personal information under European data protection laws, we will do so. Please contact us as at the “Communications” details below for further information about any such transfers or the specific safeguards applied.
11.
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
. AdAction is based, and this Platform is hosted, in the United States of America. If you are from a country outside of the United States of America with laws governing data collection, use, and disclosure that may differ from U.S. law and you provide personal information to AdAction, please note that any personal information that you provide to AdAction may be transferred to the United States of America. By providing your personal information, where applicable law permits, you specifically and expressly consent to such transfer and processing and the collection, use, and disclosure set forth herein.
Users located in Europe can view more information about cross-border transfers in the section titled “Notice to European Users.”
Other Websites, Apps, and Online Services
. This Privacy Policy does not apply to sites or applications offered by other companies or individuals, including third party products and services, that may be displayed as content in a search on the Platform. AdAction encourages you to read the privacy policy of any third-party site or applications before transmitting personal information.
12.
COMMUNICATIONS
. If you have any additional questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or any other privacy or security issue, please contact us at:
AdAction Interactive LLC
Attn: AdAction Legal Department
Email:
privacy@adaction.com
If AdAction needs, or is required, to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.
Effective as of April 07, 2023
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Blog
Company
Resources
Careers
Contact Us
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Blog
Company
Resources
Careers
Contact Us
Get Started
(855) 978-2777
info@adaction.com
Facebook-f
Linkedin-in
Twitter
Instagram
We use cookies on our website to give you a customized experience and analyze traffic. By clicking "Accept" you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
We use cookies on our website to give you a customized experience and analyze traffic. By continuing to use the site you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 3
https://adjoe.io/privacy/:
Explore Korea’s mobile gaming market in
Mobile Gamers of Korea 2025
by adjoe x Statista x Airbridge
Privacy
Data Protection
adjoe GmbH (hereinafter referred also to as “adjoe”) appreciates your interest in our enterprise and in our online appearances.
In principle, it is possible to use all of the adjoe’s websites and social media sites without providing any personal data that directly reveals your identity to us. However, if you as a user wish to make use of special services via our websites or our social media offerings, it may be necessary to process personal data. In addition, when you visit web services, certain information about your end devices or technical equipment is processed that does not allow any direct conclusion to be drawn about your identity, but which is legally considered personal data or is protected for other legal reasons. We strictly adhere to the legal requirements of data protection law and in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and other legal data protection reguflations. If it is necessary to process personal data and there is no legal basis for such processing, we will ask for your consent.
We would therefore like to take this opportunity to inform you which of your personal data we collect when you visit our website and other online media operated by us and for what purposes it is used. Information on all your rights and how to exercise them can be found in the following section “Your rights as a data subject” in this Data Protection Notice.
This Data Protection Notice can be accessed, saved and printed at any time at the URL
https://adjoe.io/privacy/
. As changes in legislation or changes to our internal company processes may make it necessary to amend this data protection notice, we ask you to read this Data Protection Notice regularly.
1. Scope
This Data Protection Notice applies generally to the online media and websites of adjoe, i.e. the online offers that can be accessed at the URL and other URLs, including our social media sites (hereinafter also collectively referred to as “our website(s)” or “our web services”), provided that they are linked to this Data Protection Notice. This Data Protection Notice also applies in particular to the following social media sites:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/people/Adjoe/100076450974671/
Instagram:
https://www.instagram.com/adjoe.io/
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/adjoe/
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/bit-summit/?originalSubdomain=de
YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/@adjoe_io
YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/@adjoe_tech
YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/@bit_summit
TikTok:
https://www.tiktok.com/@adjoe.io
Stack Overflow:
https://stackoverflow.com/jobs/companies/adjoe
X:
https://x.com/i/flow/login?redirect_after_login=%2Fbit_summit
Medium:
https://medium.com/bit-summit
MeetUp:
https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/the-bit-summit/
2. Name and Address of the controllers
Generally responsible for the operation of our websites and webservices is adjoe GmbH, An der Alster 42, 20099 Hamburg (Germany). If you wish to contact us regarding data protection issues or to exercise your rights as a data subject, you can contact us at any time at the e-mail address
privacy@adjoe.io
.
Unless indicated otherwise, adjoe is therefore also the controller for the processing of personal data within these websites within the meaning of Article 4 No. 7 GDPR.
For the full contact details of adjoe, please refer to the imprint of this website at
https://adjoe.io/imprint/
.
However, adjoe is a member of Applike group and individual areas of our websites as well as, in particular, websites and offers that are specifically operated in the name of the whole Applike group or individual of the companies of the Applike or under specific URLs that can be assigned to the whole Applike group or the respective companies (named in the imprint on the particular websites) may, in addition, be subject to the (joint) data protection accountability of the Applike group or respective named group or subsidiary companies, as a controller in the sense of Articles 4 No. 7 GDPR. Insofar as individual websites and the processing of personal data therein is carried out under the joint accountability of various companies of the Applike group according to Articles 4 No. 7, 26 GDPR or individual companies as sole controllers according to Article 4 No. 7 GDPR, for the respective contact information on the controller(s), please refer to the imprint of the respective websites.
3. Personal data
Personal data is information about personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person. This includes information such as your name, address, telephone number and date of birth, but also data about your specific career, etc., which can be assigned to a specific person with reasonable effort.
Information that is anonymized and not associated with your identity, however, is not personal data.
4. Purposes of the processing of personal data
Some of the personal data and further information we may collect from you is necessary to enable us to provide you with the services you request, to fulfil our contracts with you, to comply with legal requirements or if we have a legitimate interest in the use of your information, for example, when we use your personal data to be able to offer you an extensive and interesting offer via our websites and our web services and to constantly improve these.
When we collect data directly from you, we may ask you for your consent and clearly mark mandatory information (e.g. with an asterisk (*)). You voluntarily provide us with any other information that is not marked.
We will generally collect, process and use the personal data you provide online only within the legal bases provided for within the applicable data protection legislation or within the borders of your consent and as well only for the purposes disclosed to you.
5. General legal bases
The legal bases for the processing of your personal data may be the following:
Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose.
If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6 para 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services.
Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfilment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR.
In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. d GDPR.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.
6. Which personal data is collected and processed?
You can generally browse our websites without providing us with personal data (e.g. name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) that reveal your identity directly to us, unless you make them available to us voluntarily (e.g. for registrations for events, enquiries or surveys) or you have consented to the intended use or otherwise the corresponding legal provisions on the protection of your data permit the specific use of your personal data according to the aforementioned legal bases for specific purposes.
Particularly, your personal data may be used as follows:
6.1 Applications and the application procedures
If you are interested in working for our company, you can also apply for a position within adjoe GmbH and become part of our team. If you apply to us electronically, i.e. by e-mail or via our web form, we collect and process your personal data for the purpose of handling the application procedure and carrying out pre-contractual measures.
By submitting an application on our recruiting page and sending us your application documents, you express your interest in joining us to work for us and make your personal data available to adjoe for the purpose of applying for a specific position advertised by us. In this context, you provide us with personal data which we use and store exclusively for the purpose of your job search/application.
In particular, the following data is collected:
Your name (first and last name)
Your e-mail address
Your resume/CV
Salary expectations
Your possible start date
Information on how you heard about the vacant position
You also have the opportunity to upload relevant documents such as a cover letter, references and certificates, and further documents that you consider significant in the context of your application. These documents, just like CVs, may contain further personal data such as date of birth, address, etc.
Finally, you have to confirm that you have read our Data Protection Notice before submitting your application.
The scope of personal data that you need to provide to us as part of your application depends on the scope and type of your application or the position advertised with us. You are generally free to decide which data you provide us with. However, we may not be able to consider your application without certain information that is required in the individual case or according to the job posting. If necessary, please refer to the job posting for which you wish to apply to find out whether certain information is required.
We clearly mark mandatory information there (e.g., with an asterisk (*)). In these cases, you provide us with all other information not marked with an asterisk voluntarily.
Note on special categories of personal data
:
We would like to point out that job applications, in particular resumes, references and other data you send us, may contain particularly sensitive
information
about your state of health, your racial or ethnic origin, your political opinions, your religious or philosophical beliefs, your memberships in a trade union or political party, or your sex life. However, we do not request such data from you and you provide us with such information voluntarily and on the basis of your consent. This consent also relates to the processing of all personal data of a special nature submitted as part of your application in accordance with the provisions of this data protection declaration.
In the further course of the application process, we may also collect further data from you and process them, together with the information you provided in the course of your application, for the purposes stated here. This may also include our assessment of whether you are qualified and suitable for filling vacancies in our company.
If you apply to us, your any of the personal data you provide to us is stored and used exclusively for the purpose of filling the vacant position for which you have applied and to be able to contact you personally on the basis of your application and, if necessary, to initiate a possible employment relationship with you.
Only authorized employees from our personnel department or employees involved in the application process have access to your data. A transfer of your personal data to third parties or a use of your data for advertising purposes will not take place unless you have expressly consented to it. A use of your personal data beyond the uses mentioned in this Data Protection Notice does not take place.
Retention of your application data
Your data will generally be stored for a period of 180 days after the end of the application process. As a rule, this is done to fulfil legal obligations or to defend against any claims arising from legal regulations. We are then obliged to delete or anonymize your data. In this case, the data is only available to us as so-called metadata without direct personal reference for statistical evaluations (for example, proportion of applications regarding gender, number of applications per period, etc.).
The legal basis for this data processing is that of Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR (which permits the processing of data to fulfil a contract or pre-contractual measures), in this context directed towards the conclusion of an employment contract with you and Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR (which permits the processing of data to safeguard the data controller’s legitimate interests), in this context, directed at our legitimate interest in being able to defend ourselves in the event of legal claims being brought against us on the basis of general equality legislation. With regard to the processing of (possibly special categories of) personal data provided in addition to the mandatory data, the legal basis is that of Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR (which permits data processing on the basis of your consent).
Prolonged retention (“Talent Pool”)
In addition, and only with your specific consent to do so, we store your data for inclusion in the Applike group’s “Talent Pool” for 2 years after the end of the application process in order to identify any other interesting positions for you. This also applies, for example, to applications for training or internship positions.
In this case, we will continue to use all of the data collected from you as part of the application process in order to review your application in relation to vacancies at our company and other companies of the whole Applike group and in order to be able to contact you personally on the basis of your application, as well as to initiate a possible employment relationship with you, if applicable.
In the event that we are currently unable to offer you a position in our company, you can already request to be included in the Applike group’s “Talent Pool” in the course of your application and give the corresponding consent to the extended processing period of your application data.
In the event of extended storage of your data within the Applike group’s Talent Pool, the processing of your personal data is subject to joint controllership in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR. For all details in this context, please refer to the Data Protection Notice on the joint website of the companies of the Applike group.
You can revoke your consent to the use of your application data at any time with effect for the future. To do so, simply send an e-mail to the e-mail address
privacy@adjoe.io
. Your data will then be deleted from our applicant database; if deletion is not possible, blocking will take the place of deletion. In this case, we can no longer consider your application.
Additional charges (beyond the regular transmission fees of your Internet or telephone provider) will not be incurred for the revocation.
You are not obliged to consent to an extended storage of your application data in the Applike group’s “Talent Pool”. Without your consent, we are however unable to include you in our “Talent Pool” and must delete your application data in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.1.1 after completion of the initial application process.
The legal basis for this data processing is that of Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR (which permits data processing on the basis of your consent).
Data processing within the scope of the employment relationship
If you receive and accept an offer of employment with us as part of the application process, we will store the personal data collected during the application process at least for the duration of the employment relationship.
The legal basis for this data processing is that of Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR (which permits the processing of data to fulfil a contract or pre-contractual measures), in this context directed towards the conclusion of an employment contract with you and Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR (which permits the processing of data to safeguard the data controller’s legitimate interests), in this context, we use your personal data mainly for the purpose of establishing, implementing and, if necessary, processing and terminating the employment relationship entered into with you. You will be informed in detail about the processing of your personal data and the legal bases thereof within the scope of the employment relationship entered into with the companies of the Applike group when the employment contract is concluded.
6.2          Contact forms on our websites
For general inquiries and contact requests, please use our contact form at
https://adjoe.io/contact-us/
or send us an e-mail at
contact@adjoe.io
. When you contact us via our contact form or via e-mail, we use your personal data exclusively to answer your inquiries according to your requests and to your satisfaction. To do so, we generally process your full name (name and last name) and also e-mail address to reply to your individual inquiry. Further, it is generally your free decision which data you provide to us. However, we may not be able to fulfil your contact request without certain details required in individual cases.
The legal basis for this data processing is that of Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR (which permits the processing of data to fulfil a contract or pre-contractual measures), Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR (which permits the processing of data to safeguard the data controller’s legitimate interests). Our legitimate interest within the meaning of the GDPR is the optimization and fulfilment of our online offers and our web services.
6.3          Server-Log files
Your visit to our websites is automatically logged by our web servers. In connection with the retrieval of the information you requested from our web services, data is collected for the provision of our various services or for evaluation and security purposes and, if necessary, stored in anonymized form (without personal reference). The web servers we use automatically store data about the retrieval of our web services in so-called server log files. These are the following data:
Your IP address
The URLs you access on our web pages
Referrer URL (the page from which you visit us)
Time of the server request
Host name of the accessing terminal (the name of your Internet service provider)
Browser type and browser version
Operating system used and its settings
The processing of the above data is done for security purposes, for general fraud prevention and as a precaution against attacks on our web services. An automated combination of this data with data from other data sources does not take place.
If we also automatically log your IP address, this is automatically deleted after 30 days at the latest .
Furthermore, we store the URL accessed with the associated page title and optional information on the page content; information on the terminal device used, operating system and browser. This information is generally transmitted with each individual page request when using the Internet. However, unlike cookies and similar technologies, no information is read from the memory of the user’s terminal device and no information is stored on this terminal device.
Since the privacy of our visitors is important to us, this data is processed without being merged with other data provided by you, such as your contact details, and furthermore, data that may allow a reference to an individual person, such as the IP address, login or device identifiers, are anonymized or pseudonymized immediately after collection by deleting the last number block. No other use, combination with other data or disclosure to third parties takes place.
This data processing is based on the legal basis of Article 6 para.1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR, which allows data processing based on our legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest within the meaning of the GDPR is the optimization and technical security of our online offers and our web services.
Apart from that, only general information is recorded, e.g. when which content from our offer is called up or which pages are visited most frequently, the names of the requested files as well as their call-up date and time. These data are evaluated to improve our offer and do not allow any conclusions about your person. We will not use this information for any other purpose.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR, which allows the processing of data to protect the legitimate interests of the data controller.
7.             Our social media appearances
We maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.
7.1          Data processing through social networks
Social networks such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, TikTok, Stack Overflow, X, Medium and MeetUp can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g., like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:
If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.
Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.
Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.
7.2          Legal bases
Our social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g., consent within the meaning of Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR).
7.3          Responsibility and assertion of rights
If you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, TikTok, Stack Overflow, X, Medium and MeetUp), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, TikTok, Stack Overflow, X, Medium and MeetUp).
Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.
7.4          Storage time
The data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Mandatory statutory provisions – in particular, retention periods – remain unaffected.
We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. Particularly cookies and similar techniques stored on your device by the respective social media provider may remain until you delete them (please refer to the following section 8 of this Data Protection Notice for further information on the cookies that we use on our website). For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g., in their privacy policy, see below).
7.5          Our profiles on individual social networks
Specifically, we maintain profiles on the following social media platforms. For detailed information on the processing of your personal data by their providers, please refer to the respective information and links:
7.5.1     Facebook
We have a profile on Facebook. The provider of this service is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland (hereinafter: Meta). According to Meta, the collected data will also be transferred to the USA and other third-party countries.
You can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. To do so, click on the following link and log in:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
.  Details can be found here: https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum and
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
.
For further details, please refer to Facebook’s privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
. For data transfers to the US, the provider has joined the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, which ensures compliance with the European data protection level on the basis of an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Further information can be obtained at the following link:
www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
.
7.5.2     Instagram
We have a profile on Instagram. The provider of this service is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland.
Details can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum
,
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
and
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
.
For details on how they handle your personal data, please refer to Instagram’s privacy policy:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
. For data transfers to the US, the provider has joined the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, which ensures compliance with the European data protection level on the basis of an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Further information can be obtained at the following link:
www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
.
7.5.3     LinkedIn
We have a profile on LinkedIn. The provider is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.
If you wish to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa
and
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/eu-sccs
.
For details on how they handle your personal data, please refer to LinkedIn’s privacy policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
7.5.4     TikTok
We have a profile on TikTok. The provider is TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland. For details on how they handle your personal data, please refer to the TikTok privacy policy:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=de
.
Data transfers to non-secure third countries are based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=de
.
7.5.5     X (formerly Twitter)
We use the short message service X (formerly Twitter). The provider is the parent company X Corp., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. The branch Twitter International Unlimited Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland, is responsible for data processing of persons living outside the United States.
You can customize your X-data privacy settings independently in your user account. To do so, click on the following link and log in:
https://twitter.com/personalization
.
Data transfer to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://gdpr.twitter.com/en/controller-to-controller-transfers.html
.
For details, please refer to X’s privacy policy:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
.
7.5.6     YouTube
We have a profile on YouTube. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. For details on how they handle your personal data, please refer to the YouTube privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
. For data transfers to the US, the provider has joined the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, which ensures compliance with the European data protection level on the basis of an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Further information can be obtained at the following link:
www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
.
7.5.7     Stack Overflow
We have a profile on Stack Overflow. The provider is Stack Exchange, Inc., 110 William St, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10038, USA. As the representative of controllers not established in the Union pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR, A Medium Corporation has appointed The MD Stack Overflow GMBH HRB 234500, 3 Frieslandstraat, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The provider is headquartered in the USA and may, therefore, transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. By accessing the Stack Overflow Network and engaging with their Products and Services, you acknowledge that your personal data may be collected and transferred from your local jurisdiction (including those in the European Economic Area (EEA) and the UK) to the United States or other jurisdictions. Data transmission to third countries is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en
. For details on how they handle your personal data, please refer to the Stack Overflow privacy policy:
https://stackoverflow.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
7.5.8     Medium
We have a profile on Medium. The provider is A Medium Corporation, 799 Market St FL 5 San Francisco, CA, 94103-2047, USA. Medium also processes your personal data in the USA. As the representative of controllers not established in the Union pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR, A Medium Corporation has appointed VeraSafe Ireland Ltd., Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road Cork T23AT2P, Ireland. For more information on the privacy practices of Medium and details on how they handle your personal data can be found in the Medium privacy policy:
https://policy.medium.com/medium-privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9
7.5.9     MeetUp
We have a profile on MeetUp. The provider is Meetup, LLC, 632 Broadway 10th Floor, New York,
NY 10012, USA. Meetup is based in the USA. As the representative of controllers not established in the Union pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR, A Medium Corporation has appointed VeraSafe Ireland Ltd., Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road Cork T23AT2P, Ireland. Information about you will be transferred to, and processed in, the U.S. and countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Data transmission to third countries is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en
. For details on how they handle your personal data, please refer to the MeetUp privacy policy:
https://help.meetup.com/hc/en-us/articles/360044422391-Privacy-Policy
.
8.             Cookies and similar technologies
Within our websites and with your consent, we also may use cookies as well as other similar technologies (hereinafter collectively referred to as “cookies”) from third party providers.
We do not use any cookies ourselves in our social media profiles mentioned in section 7 of this Data Protection Notice. With regard to the use of such technologies by the respective providers of these social media platforms, we kindly ask you to inform yourself in this regard under the specified information sources supplied by the providers themselves.
8.1 General information about cookies
The use of cookies helps us make it more convenient for you to use our website. For example, we use session cookies to detect whether you have already visited individual pages on our website. These are erased automatically when you leave our website.
Other Cookies help us to collect information about how you behave as a user on our website and how you interact with the features we offer. We do this to better understand how our website is used and to enable improved navigation and features. Cookies that we use will not allow to identify you personally. However, with the help of these cookies we can – with your consent – re-identify the device you use or your web browser when you repeatedly access our web offer and thus optimise your experience as a user of our website and make it more comfortable by adapting the presentation of the content to your particular interests or your preferences and designing it individually and according to your needs. Cookies therefore also allow us to recognise whether you have visited our website before or whether you are a new visitor.
For these purposes, we use cookies and similar technologies from the third-party providers listed in Section 8.2 below. And your personal data may also be processed by the named third-party providers as described in detail.
Detailed information on cookies in general, the types of cookies and their intended use, as well as on the relevant legal basis for the use of cookies and on your selection and control options for the cookies used in detail within our websites can be found in our detailed instructions within our
PRIVACY PREFERENCES MANAGER
, which generally also opens automatically when you access our websites for the first time and within which you can adapt the use of cookies and similar technologies to your wishes and needs.
When you click
here
or on the cookie link in the footer, you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future or change your cookie preferences without this resulting in any legal disadvantages for you.
You also may refuse the use of cookies (at all) by selecting the appropriate settings of your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our websites.
8.2          Third party provider services we use on our websites
Our websites use services (including cookies and similar technologies) from the third-party providers listed below and your personal data may also be processed by the named third-party providers as described in detail:
8.2.1
Google Analytics 4 (GA4)
On our websites we use Google Analytics 4 (GA4), a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. (“Google”).
In this context, pseudonymized usage profiles are created and cookies are used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website can be, among other things:
a short-term recording of the IP address without, permanent storage
Browser information,
Date and time of access,
Device information,
The URL of the visited website,
Geographic location,
The pseudonymized data may be transferred by Google to a server in the USA and stored there.
The information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website and internet use for the purposes of market research and demand-oriented design of these internet pages. This information may also be transferred to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on our behalf. Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with other Google data.
These processing operations are carried out exclusively when consent is given in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR.
The parent company Google LLC is certified as a US company under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework. There is hereby an adequacy decision pursuant to Art. 45 GDPR, so that a transfer of personal data may also take place without further guarantees or additional measures. With regard to data transfers outside the EU or the EEA, please also refer to the information in section 13 (“Data transfers to “Third Countries”).
Additional information on the service can be found at the following link:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/12017362?hl=de
.
8.2.2
Additional information on Google Signals
Google Signals is a feature in Google Analytics that collects session data from websites and apps where users are logged in with their Google Account and have enabled personalized advertising. It enables advanced analysis by linking user behavior across different devices and providing additional information such as demographic characteristics and interests. Your consent to the use of Google Analytics (see above) also includes consent to the Google Signals add-on function.
Additional information on Consent Mode, advanced implementation
Under the Digital Markets Act, Google is obliged to obtain user consent before processing user data for personalized advertising. Google fulfils this requirement with the “Consent Mode”. Users are obliged to implement this and thus prove that they have obtained the consent of website visitors.
Google offers two implementation modes, the basic and the advanced implementation.
We use the extended implementation method of Google Consent Mode. If you consent to data processing in connection with the use of GA4 (see above), a connection to Google is established, Google Analytics cookies are set and the corresponding processing is carried out. If you refuse consent, no Google Analytics cookies will be set. However, a unique “ping ID” will be generated and transmitted to Google. The Google code is executed, whereby only limited user data is transmitted to Google, including information such as:
IP address
Browser details
Visited URL
A personalised user ID is not assigned.
If you have consented to the execution of Google Analytics 4, Consent Mode, extended implementation, the legal basis for the processing of personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. In addition, it is in our legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR to use Google Analytics 4, Consent Mode, extended implementation, in order to obtain data on conversions without creating user profiles and thus increase profitability.
By consenting to the use of Google Analytics, you also consent to your data being processed in the United States of America (USA) in accordance with Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. The USA has been assessed by the European Court of Justice as a country with an insufficient level of data protection according to EU standards. In particular, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes, possibly without any legal remedy. If you do not consent to the use of this service, the transfer described above will not take place.
We request your consent with the help of our
PRIVACY PREFERENCES MANAGER
, within which you can also revoke your consent at any time and adapt your settings to your wishes and needs at any time with effect for the future, without this causing you any disadvantages.
8.2.3     Google Maps
Within our websites, we may use map service Google Maps via an API. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
For the use of the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to store your IP address. This information will generally be sent to a Google server in the USA, where it will be stored. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer.
If you consent to the execution of Google Maps the legal basis for the processing of personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR.
By consenting to the use of Google Maps, you also consent to your data being processed in the United States of America (USA) in accordance with Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. The USA has been assessed by the European Court of Justice as a country with an insufficient level of data protection according to EU standards. In particular, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes, possibly without any legal remedy. If you do not consent to the use of this service, the transfer described above will not take place.
We request your consent with the help of our
PRIVACY PREFERENCES MANAGER
, within which you can also revoke your consent at any time and adapt your settings to your wishes and needs at any time with effect for the future, without this causing you any disadvantages.
8.2.4     Consent Management Tool (Borlabs Cookies)
To collect and manage your consent to the use of cookies we use the consent management tool “Borlabs” from Borlabs GmbH, Hamburger Str. 11, 22083 Hamburg, Germany. This tool allows us to obtain and manage the consent of website users for data processing.
Borlabs collects data generated by end users who use our website. When an end user gives consent via the cookie consent tool, Borlabs automatically logs the following data:
Browser information,
Date and time of access,
Device information,
The URL of the visited website,
Banner language,
Consent ID,
The consent status of the end user, which serves as proof of consent.
The consent status is also stored in the end user’s browser so that the website can automatically read and follow the end user’s consent in all subsequent page requests and future end user sessions for up to 12 months. Consent data (consent and withdrawal of consent) is stored for three years. The retention period corresponds to the regular limitation period according to § 195 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch [BGB]). The data is then deleted immediately.
The functionality of the website is not guaranteed without the described processing. There is no possibility for the user to object as long as there is a legal obligation to obtain the user’s consent to certain data processing operations (Art. 7 para. 1, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Borlabs GmbH acts as a data processor for us.
9. Period for which the personal data will be stored
We only store personal data that you provide to us for as long as they are needed to fulfil the purposes for which these data were provided or as long as this is required by law:
If you conclude contracts with us, we store and process your personal data for the duration of your contractual relationship with us and also for the fulfilment of legal post-contractual archiving obligations and for the duration of the statutory retention periods (maximum 10 years);
If you apply through us for vacant positions with us, we will delete your application data at the latest 180 days after completion of the application procedure, unless you have given us your consent to store your data two more years in the talent pool for future job vacancies;
If you send us an inquiry, we process your personal data for the duration of processing your inquiry and for the period we may need to document the inquiry process and our answers.
Generally, we delete or anonymize your personal data from our systems and records, so that you can no longer be identified, when they are no longer needed. We may retain certain personal data in order to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations and to enable us to administer our rights (e.g. to enforce our claims in court), or for statistical purposes (in anonymous form).
10. With whom do we share Personal Data?
If these cases are not listed in this Data Protection Notice, we will not sell or market your personal data to third parties or forward them on for any other reason.
In addition to the other cases mentioned in this Data Protection Notice, your personal data will only be passed on without your express prior consent in the following cases:
If it is necessary for the clarification of an illegal or abusive of our web services or for the prosecution, personal data are passed on to the prosecution authorities as well as if necessary, to damaged third parties. However, this only happens if there are concrete indications of illegal or abusive behaviour. A disclosure to third parties bound to professional secrecy can take place if this is necessary to enforce the contractual conditions or other agreements as well as our claims arising from contracts that you have concluded with us. The legal basis for data transmission is Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR, which permits the processing of data in order to fulfil a contract or pre-contractual measures and Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR, which permits the processing of data in order to safeguard the data controller’s legitimate interests.
Further, we may also be legally obliged to provide information to certain public authorities upon request. These are law enforcement authorities, authorities that prosecute fined offences and the tax authorities.
As our business develops, the structure of our company may change as its legal form changes, subsidiaries, parts of companies or components are established, purchased or sold. In such transactions, customer information will be shared with the part of the company to be transferred with your consent. Whenever personal data is passed on to third parties to the extent described above, we will ensure that it is used in accordance with this data protection declaration and the relevant data protection laws and ask you for your consent.
11. Who is involved in processing your Personal Data?
We process your personal data collected through the website and may also engage third parties to assist us according to our instructions and therefore, your personal data can also be processed on our behalf by our reliable, external service providers (“contract processors”). We solely rely on trusted and reliable contract processors who conduct a number of business processes on our behalf and only provide them with the information they need to provide their services to us. We make every effort to ensure that all contract providers with whom we work strictly protect your personal data and use them only for the purposes to which we assign them and on our behalf. For example, we can commission the following services for which the processing of your personal data is necessary to our contract processors or our contract processors may be
Third parties who support and help us to provide digital and e-commerce services, including CRM, web analytics and search engine and user content maintenance tools;
Advertising, marketing, digital and social media agencies to assist us with advertising, marketing and campaign activities, to analyse their effectiveness and to manage your contact requests and questions;
Third parties who assist us in providing IT services, including platform providers, hosting services, maintenance and support for our databases, and our software and applications that contain information about you (in some cases, such services simply include access to your data to perform the desired task);
Particularly, the data provided in the context of your application will be transmitted via TLS encryption and is stored in a database within a cloud-based system for online applications and to carry out the application process. The Applike Group uses a cloud-based system (“Lever”) from the specialized provider Employ, Inc., 20 North Meridian Street, Suite # 300, Indianapolis, IN 46204, USA for the online application and the implementation of the application process. This is the service provider for the employer and may also receive knowledge of personal data of the applicants in connection with the maintenance and maintenance of the systems. The Applike group has concluded a data processing agreement according to Article 28 GDPR with this provider, which ensures that the data processing is only carried out in accordance with the Applike group’s instructions and in a permissible manner, and that the data is not passed on to third parties. The data processed by Employ, Inc. is hosted in the EU. Employ, Inc. collects and processes personal data exclusively in accordance with the instructions received or the consent of the employer and in accordance with the applicable data protection laws. Where necessary, Employ, Inc. transfers personal data in individual cases to group companies and suppliers in the United States and elsewhere in the world. For data transfers to the US, the provider has joined the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, which ensures compliance with the European data protection level on the basis of an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Further information on this is available from the provider at the following link:
https://www.lever.co/privacy-notice/
.
The legal basis for data transmission is Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR, which permits the processing of data in order to fulfil a contract or pre-contractual measures and Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR, which permits the processing of data in order to safeguard the data controller’s legitimate interests.
We have concluded a contract with all our contract processors on the commissioned data processing on our behalf in accordance with Article 28 GDPR and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using their services.
12. Data transfers to “Third Countries”
If we process data in a Third Country (i.e., outside the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA), where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location) or the processing takes place in the context of the use of third-party services or the disclosure or transfer of data to other persons, entities or companies, this is only done in accordance with the strict legal requirements of the EU and we ensure that your data is treated in accordance with the provisions of this Data Protection Notice.
Subject to express consent or contractually or legally required transfer, we only process or have the data processed in third countries with a recognized level of data protection, contractual obligation through the so-called standard protection clauses of the EU Commission (SCC), in the presence of certifications or binding internal data protection regulations according to Articles 44 to 49 GDPR; further information can be found on the websites of the EU Commission under the URL
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en
. Where necessary, we and our contract processors will, where applicable, also take supplementary measures to ensure the protection of your privacy rights, the confidentiality of your personal data and compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of the EU.
13. Data Security
We make every effort to take extensive technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data against unintentional or unlawful deletion, alteration or loss and against unauthorized disclosure or access. All our employees are accordingly bound to secrecy and data protection. Insofar as it is within our sphere of influence, we use modern encryption techniques and a large number of other measures in particular to prevent unauthorized access by third parties. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http://” to “https://” and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption exists, the data you exchange with us cannot be read by third parties.
Further, our security precautions are regularly checked and adapted to technological progress.
However, we would like to point out that due to the structure of the Internet, it is possible that the rules of data protection and the above-mentioned security measures may not be observed by other persons or institutions for which we are not responsible. In particular, unencrypted data can be accessed by third parties – particularly if this is done by e-mail. We have no technical influence on this. In such cases, it is the responsibility of the user to protect the data provided by him against misuse by encryption or in any other way.
14.          Your Rights as a Data Subject
If we process personal data as the data controller, you as the data subject have certain rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), depending on the legal basis and purpose of the processing, in particular the right of access (Article 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (Article16 GDPR), the right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’) (Article 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR), the right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR), the right to object (Article 21 GDPR). If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to revoke this data protection consent in accordance with Article 7 para. 3 GDPR.
If you wish to exercise your above rights, please contact us using the contact details given in section 2 of this Data Protection Notice.
Please note that we may require proof of identity and full details of your request before we can process your request.
15.          Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authorities
In the event of data protection violations on our part, you have a right of appeal to the responsible supervisory authority.
The supervisory authority responsible for adjoe GmbH in data protection law matters is the Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit (HmbBfDI), the contact details of which can be found in the following link:
https://www.datenschutz-hamburg.de/wir-ueber-uns-kontakt/wie-erreichen-sie-uns.html
.
16.          Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
Within our companies, everyone is responsible for privacy and data protection issues. In addition, we have decided to appoint a data protection officer for each of our companies. To ensure the independence of the data protection officer, we have appointed an external data protection officer:
Mr Stephan Krämer, LL.-M. (Attorney at law, Germany), KINAST Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH, Nordstr. 17a, 50733 Cologne.
You can contact our data protection officer via his website at
http://www.kinast.eu
.
17. Hyperlinks to other websites
Our websites contain so-called hyperlinks to websites of other providers. When these hyperlinks are activated, you are redirected from our website directly to the websites of other providers. Despite careful control we assume no liability for the content of external links. The operators of the sites we link to are solely responsible for the content of linked pages and any processing of personal data on these websites.
18. Translation
This privacy policy is provided both in German and English. In case of discrepancies or misunderstandings, the English version shall prevail. The German translation is provided for informational purposes only.
Last updated: November 2024
Privacy Preference
For our website, we use cookies and similar tools that are necessary for operation. With active consent, we also use optional tools for the integration of external content and statistical analysis of general usage behavior. Consent to data processing and transmission can be revoked and tools deactivated at any time. Further details can be found in our privacy policy.
If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience.
Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement.
You can find more information about the use of your data in our
privacy policy
.
You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under
Settings
.
Essential
Statistics
External Media
Accept all cookies
Accept only essential cookies
Individual Privacy Preferences
Cookie Details
Privacy Preference
If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience.
Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement.
You can find more information about the use of your data in our
privacy policy
.
Here you will find an overview of all cookies used. You can give your consent to whole categories or display further information and select certain cookies.
Accept all
Save
Accept only essential cookies
Back
Privacy Preference
Essential (1)
Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the proper function of the website.
Show Cookie Information
Hide Cookie Information
Name
Borlabs Cookie
Provider
Owner of this website
Purpose
Saves the visitors preferences selected in the Cookie Box of Borlabs Cookie.
Cookie Name
borlabs-cookie
Cookie Expiry
1 Year
Statistics (9)
Statistics
Statistics cookies collect information anonymously. This information helps us to understand how our visitors use our website.
Show Cookie Information
Hide Cookie Information
Accept
Hotjar
Name
Hotjar
Provider
Hotjar Ltd., Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian's STJ 3141 Malta
Purpose
Hotjar is an user behavior analytic tool by Hotjar Ltd.. We use Hotjar to understand how users interact with our website.
Privacy Policy
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Host(s)
*.hotjar.com
Cookie Name
_hjClosedSurveyInvites, _hjDonePolls, _hjMinimizedPolls, _hjDoneTestersWidgets, _hjIncludedInSample, _hjShownFeedbackMessage, _hjid, _hjRecordingLastActivity, hjTLDTest, _hjUserAttributesHash, _hjCachedUserAttributes, _hjLocalStorageTest, _hjptid
Cookie Expiry
Session / 1 Year
Accept
Outbrain
Name
Outbrain
Provider
Outbrain UK Limited
Privacy Policy
https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy
Accept
LinkedIn Insights Tag
Name
LinkedIn Insights Tag
Provider
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
Privacy Policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Cookie Name
UserMatchHistory,li_sugr,li-oatml,li_fat_id,U
Accept
Google Analytics 4
Name
Google Analytics 4
Provider
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland
Purpose
Cookie by Google used for website analytics. Generates statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Cookie Name
_ga,_gat,_gid
Cookie Expiry
14 Months
Accept
Facebook Pixel
Name
Facebook Pixel
Provider
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Purpose
Cookie by Facebook used for website analytics, ad targeting, and ad measurement.
Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies
Cookie Name
_fbp,act,c_user,datr,fr,m_pixel_ration,pl,presence,sb,spin,wd,xs
Cookie Expiry
Session / 1 Year
Accept
Google Ads
Name
Google Ads
Provider
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland
Purpose
Cookie by Google used for conversion tracking of Google Ads.
Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Accept
Google Tag Manager
Name
Google Tag Manager
Provider
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland
Purpose
Cookie by Google used to control advanced script and event handling.
Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Cookie Name
_ga,_gat,_gid
Cookie Expiry
2 Years
Accept
Zoominfo
Name
Zoominfo
Provider
Zoominfo
Purpose
Zoominfo
Privacy Policy
https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/privacy-policy
Host(s)
aorta.clickagy.com, hemsync.clickagy.com, js.zi-scripts.com, tags.clickagy.com, ws.zoominfo.com
Cookie Name
ab, u, ssi, demde, dpm, _cc_id, _cc_dc, rla3, pxrc, IDE, i, lrsync
Cookie Expiry
389 Days
Accept
Microsoft Clarity
Name
Microsoft Clarity
Provider
Microsoft Clarity
Purpose
Website analytics and session tracking
Privacy Policy
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Host(s)
*.clarity.ms, www.clarity.ms
Cookie Name
_clsk
Cookie Expiry
90 days
External Media (5)
External Media
Content from video platforms and social media platforms is blocked by default. If External Media cookies are accepted, access to those contents no longer requires manual consent.
Show Cookie Information
Hide Cookie Information
Accept
Facebook
Name
Facebook
Provider
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Purpose
Used to unblock Facebook content.
Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Host(s)
.facebook.com
Accept
Instagram
Name
Instagram
Provider
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Purpose
Used to unblock Instagram content.
Privacy Policy
https://www.instagram.com/legal/privacy/
Host(s)
.instagram.com
Cookie Name
pigeon_state
Cookie Expiry
Session
Accept
Twitter
Name
Twitter
Provider
Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland
Purpose
Used to unblock Twitter content.
Privacy Policy
https://twitter.com/privacy
Host(s)
.twimg.com, .twitter.com
Cookie Name
__widgetsettings, local_storage_support_test
Cookie Expiry
Unlimited
Accept
Vimeo
Name
Vimeo
Provider
Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA
Purpose
Used to unblock Vimeo content.
Privacy Policy
https://vimeo.com/privacy
Host(s)
player.vimeo.com
Cookie Name
vuid
Cookie Expiry
2 Years
Accept
YouTube
Name
YouTube
Provider
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland
Purpose
Used to unblock YouTube content.
Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en
Host(s)
google.com
Cookie Name
NID
Cookie Expiry
6 Month
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 5
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Sub-policy 6
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 8
https://blindferret.com/privacy-policy/:
404
Not Found
© 2025 Influence Mobile.
Home
Products
Back
Engage
Answers
Apps
Team
Press
FAQ
Get Support
Business Inquiries
Sub-policy 9
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 10
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 11
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Popup heading
Close
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Keyboard Navigation
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility menu



Platform
Monetization
Marketing
Analytics
Publishing
Products
Unity LevelPlay
Mediation
ironSource Network
Ad network
Tapjoy
Offerwall
Aura
On-device solutions
Supersonic
Publishing
Luna
Cross-channel management
Learn
Community
Blog
Case studies
LevelUp Academy
Knowledge center
Glossary
Company
About
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Log into Tapjoy
Login
Login
Signup
Signup
ironSource Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 6th, 2024
The following policy governs how ironSource Ltd. (“ironSource“, “Company” “we” or “us“), and its subsidiaries, handle information collected from users of its websites, at the addresses
is.com/
, lunalabs.io/, bidalgo.com/, tapjoy.com/ and their subdomains (the “Sites“), including ironSource Mobile Dashboard, Tapjoy Dashboard, Luna Create Hub and the Luna Control Hub (the “Dashboards”).
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Use available on the Site, which this Privacy Policy is incorporated thereto by reference.
Please note that this privacy policy covers our privacy practices only with respect to the Sites.
If you would like to review our privacy policies for our products and services, please see the links below:
Mobile Ad Network and Mediation Platform –
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Supersonic Studios Apps –
https://supersonic.com/privacy/
Tapjoy’s privacy policy –
https://dev.tapjoy.com/en/legal/Privacy-Policy
The Sites are accessible for individuals around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. These disclosures cover laws and regulations applicable to the following regions:
Individuals who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland
– With respect to the collection and processing of their personal data, as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and the UK Data Protection Act.
If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire and New Jersey
– please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Your Consent (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!)
BY ACCESSING THE SITES AND/OR USING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY POLICY“), INCLUDING TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SITES.
Information We Collect, and Purposes of Processing
We collect the following types of information from Users:
Information collected automatically from Users who are visiting the Sites (“Site Information”):
Technical Information
– Technical information about your browser and device is automatically collected when you visit the Sites, or the Dashboard apps. Such information consists of the device’s IP address, device ID, the type and version of browser used to access the Sites, operating system, language of the browser and operating system, and type of device.
Interaction Information
– Information about your interactions with the Sites or Dashboard apps (e.g. whether you clicked on a specific link, where you clicked, time on Sites, etc.).
Information you voluntarily provide us:
Registration Information
– When you register to our services, you will be asked to provide your email address, password, billing information, details about your apps, and payment details.
Job Application Information
– When you choose to apply for a job at ironSource via the Sites, you will be requested to provide us with your full name, email address, phone number, link to your Linkedin page, link to your website, and your CV.
Newsletter Information
– If you subscribe to our newsletter, you will be requested to provide your email address.
Event Information
– If you choose to register to an event we host, you will be requested to provide us with your full name, email address, phone number, job title, current company, and such other information necessary for attending the event.
Communication Information
– If you choose to communicate with us via an online form on the Sites, email, or automated chat service (‘chat bot’), you may provide us with information such as your name, and your email address, and any other information you choose to share with us.
Luna Create Hub Service Information
– If you use Luna Create Hub, you may permit us to upload your video creatives to your YouTube channel on your behalf, using YouTube API Services, by logging in to your YouTube account and providing us with your account’s session token. By using Luna Create Hub in that manner, you agree to be bound by the YouTube terms of service, available
here
. You may revoke our access to that information at any time via the Google security settings page
here
. You can find more information about Google’s privacy practices in the Google Privacy Policy, available
here
.
What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share information with our subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and with vendors and service providers for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
Deletion or Modification of Personal Information
If for any reason you wish to modify or delete your Personal Information please send us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com, and we will make reasonable efforts to modify or delete any such Personal Information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws.
Retention of Information
We store information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this privacy policy. In some circumstances we may store information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, accounting requirements.
Minors
To use the Sites, you must be over the age of eighteen (18). Therefore, ironSource does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of eighteen (18) and does not wish to do so.  If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared Personal Information with us, please contact us.
Third Party Sites
While using the Sites you may encounter links to third party websites. Please be advised that such third party websites are independent sites, and we assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to privacy matters or any other legal matter with respect to such sites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use or service of such websites.
Cookies
When you access or use the Sites, we may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” (or similar technologies), which store certain information on your computer and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your service experience much more convenient and effortless. It is easy to prohibit certain cookies. You can do so by editing your preferences through the Site’s cookie settings link. In addition, most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase cookies your online experience may be limited.
Information to Individuals Located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom
International Transfers
– We store personal data on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States, and on the servers of our processors, which may be located outside of the European Union, or the United Kingdom. We will transfer personal data countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights.
Your Rights
– Data subjects have the right to request us to access, rectify or erase personal data that we process, or to restrict or object to its processing in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. A data subject can submit a request for exercising these rights by sending us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com. Please note that we will process the request subject to verification of the consumer’s identity.
A data subject that chooses to withdraw consent can do that by the cookie settings available on the Site.
A data subject also has the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of the consumer’s country or domicile) where we have not addressed the data subject’s concerns.
State Privacy Rights
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire and New Jersey residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “Information We Collect, and Purposes of Processing” and the “Sharing Information With Third Parties” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to the choices you make on the Site, to the categories of third parties listed below:
– Advertising Companies; and
– Analytics Providers.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource. You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected or maintain about the you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data, ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise Your Rights
You can submit a request by sending us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com.
In order to exercise the right to opt out of our sale or sharing of your personal data, including for targeted advertising purposes, use the cookie settings provided in the Site.
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by sending an email with the subject line “Appeal” to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com.
You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with a written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Verification Process and Required Information
Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request. You will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.  We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We may also ask you to provide us a few of your device identifiers, so that we can verify your identity. Once we verify your identity, we will request additional information necessary to authenticate the request.
Information about California resident requests: As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents from June 1, 2023 to May 31, 2024.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy, we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ironsource_privacy@unity3d.com.
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
Attn: Data Protection Officer
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel (Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 12
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Privacy Policy
Liftoff
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 2025
Table of contents:
Who we are
The personal information we process
How we use your personal information (our purposes) and
our legal basis for processing it
Cookies and similar tracking technologies
International transfers
How we share your personal information and who we share it with
Security
Data retention
Automated decision-making
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Complaints, questions and suggestions
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure that you are completely informed about your personal data. To access a particular section, you can click on the relevant link above.
I. WHO WE ARE
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is a mobile advertising company that provides customers with an advertising and optimization platform and software (the “Services”).
We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you. The company is registered in Delaware (registration number C3511707), with registered office at 555 Bryant Street, Suite #133, Palo Alto CA 94301.
We respect your right to privacy. “You” will fall into one of four categories:
“Site Visitor”: accessing or browsing the www.liftoff.io site (the “Site”);
“Customer”: requesting the provision of Services from us;
“Partner”: providing services to us, to allow us to provide Services to our Customers: or
“Targeted End User”: using mobile apps provided to you by our Customers (acting as an “End User”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and our Services. It describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information, as well as your privacy rights and choices. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
You can contact us in relation to this Privacy Policy by email at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io, or using the additional contact details provided in Section XIII titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
II. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE PROCESS
The type of personal information that we collect and process falls into three categories, as further detailed below:
Information we collect from Customers and Partners in connection with the provision of our Services;
Information we collect and use when Targeted End Users interact with our Customers’ mobile applications; and
Information that we collect from Site Visitors using the Site.
We do not collect any sensitive personal information about you, such as health-related information or information about your race or ethnicity, or sexual orientation.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it):
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email and telephone), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Transaction Data
such as your payment information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us.
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location, unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as account activity and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, information about content viewed, time and length of visits, traffic data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Advertising and Marketing Data
including your interests based on your use of our Site and other websites and online services, your preferences in relation to receiving marketing materials from us, your communication preferences, and your preferences for particular products or services.
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it).
Categories of personal information
Source
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), device information (inc. ID, make, manufacturer, operating system and language settings), browser type, generic geographic location (such as country or zip code, as well as the granular latitude and longitude coordinates), carrier, Android ID or Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), connection speed.
Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (e.g., because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Characteristics specific to your device might be requested from you and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen).
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Usage Data
such as your activity on a Customer’s app and other websites or apps (e.g., forms you submit, content you look at) and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”). This will include app usage information, referring/ exit pages, pages and content viewed, clickstream data, and date/ time stamp.
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (e.g., your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey).
Indirectly from you
Preferences
regarding the processing of your data.
Directly from you
Ad Engagement Data
such as information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it (e.g., whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or download an app, etc.)
Indirectly from you
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you when you visit our Site:
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us, and any other information that you actively provide to us via our Site
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location (country), unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, time and length of visits, traffic data, weblogs and other communication data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Third-party Data
including marketing data
We combine this data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Third parties (including email, marketing and analytics services, as well as publicly available databases)
III. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (OUR PURPOSES) AND OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING IT
We use the personal information that we collect from and about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your information. Depending on our purpose for collecting your information, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Contract
– we require certain personal information in order to provide and support the Services you request from us;
Consent
– in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, in which case you can voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you;
Legitimate interests
– we will use or disclose your personal information for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, but only (i) in a way that is reasonable for you to expect as part of the running of our business and which does not materially affect your rights and freedoms, and (ii) when we are confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. These interests will normally be to: (i) operate, provide and improve our business, including our Services; communicate with you and respond to your questions; (ii) improve our Site or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our Services; (iii) detect or prevent illegal activities (for example, fraud); and/or (iv) to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors and visitors; or
Legal obligation
– there are instances where we must process and retain your personal information to comply with laws or to fulfil certain legal obligations.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide our Services
Register, manage and administer your account
Fulfil your request for our Services
Service-related communications (inc. Service updates, confirmations and support)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Performance of a contract with you
Improve our Services
Analyse metrics related to transactions and behaviour (online and offline) to assess trends and the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns (inc. our “Mobile Heroes” programme), to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service and offers, to drive customer engagement, promote our business, and inform business decisions.
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Personalise and customise your experience
including to provide targeted content, marketing, ads and other information to Customers
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Location Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
To receive services
from you or the business you represent (where you or your business is a Partner)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you
Manage compliance with our terms of service
and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
Customers and Partners wishing to opt out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from Liftoff can click “UNSUBSCRIBE” in marketing emails or email us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided in order to reach out to the individual (including those individuals nominated as a mobile hero). If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Personalise, target and deliver advertising
including to create an advertising profile of you
We build or improve a profile about you to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.
To ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Location Data
Consent
Measuring advertising performance
To determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users, understand the impact of advertising campaigns and determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Location Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business).
Developing and improving services
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve or build new products and services. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Security
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and fixing errors (e.g., to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them).
Device Data
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests. It is in the interests of us, our clients, and you to ensure that ads are served in a safe and error free manner and that fraudulent third parties do not distort the true price to be paid for showing you ads.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Ad Engagement Data
Legal obligation
Our Privacy Principles for the use of data about Targeted End Users
Liftoff’s systems aggregate events/data at granularities that cover many users, as opposed to a specific user, unless the user consents. For instance: users with iPhone X’s in San Francisco have clicked on ads in app A 100 times and installed app B 50 times.
Liftoff does not tie together events/data across apps in a user-specific way, without the user’s consent. For instance: we do not track that a person did X in app A and also Y in app B from a different publisher, if the person opts-out of interest-based advertising.
Instead, Liftoff only ties events/data from a given specific user within the context of a given app. E.g. user with app-local ID 123 installed app A, then finished the tutorial, then made a purchase.
This allows Liftoff to understand the conversion rates from one event to another within an app, but not track the activities of a user across different apps.
Liftoff does not record or store personal information that the user cannot easily revoke, such as email address, physical address, photographs or phone number to personalize our advertising. Liftoff relies upon device IDs to uniquely identify a user, and Liftoff solely relies upon the user’s consent in allowing Liftoff to access this information.
Liftoff does not export per-user data outside of Liftoff, except for validation purposes to a company that already has access to that data
Details of how to opt-out of interest-based advertising from us can be found at:
https://liftoff.io/opt-out/
.
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide access to our Site
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Communicate with you
including to deal with and respond to enquiries
Communication Data
Legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you).
Analyse how our Site is used and to improve our Site
including managing our use of cookies and other tracking technologies (including enabling you to manage your cookie preferences) and analyse collected data to learn about our Site, to improve our Site, and to develop new products and services.
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Send you marketing communications
We combine Third-Party Data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Third-party Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Manage compliance with our terms of service and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure)
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
IV. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to analyse trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around our Site, to gather demographic information about our user base, and to serve interest based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable Cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Site or Services.
V. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be collected, transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located, including the United States and other countries where we or our group companies or service providers (among others) maintain facilities. Our group affiliates and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. We maintain primary data centers in the United States, Singapore, Japan and Germany. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to applicable law.
We have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, including by entering into the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal information, or where required, we will ask you for your prior written consent for such international data transfers.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland which have been formally recognized as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” and “adequacy regulations” from the European Commission, Swiss and UK authorities.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision, we take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These safeguards include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses as issued on 4 June 2021 under Article 46(2) GDPR for transfers originating in the EEA, UK and Switzerland; and the UK Addendum under Article 46(2) of the UK GDPR for the transfer of data originating in the UK.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses entered into by our group companies and with our third-party service providers and partners can be provided on request. Please note that some sensitive commercial information will be redacted. If you have any questions or concerns related to international data transfers, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Data Privacy Framework
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles  with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the UK (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and (ii)the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “DPF Principles”).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The types of personal information we receive in the U.S., as well as the purposes for which we collect and use it, are set out in Sections II and III titled “The personal information we process” and “How we use your personal information (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it”. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal information we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party, or is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you otherwise wish to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Information about the types of third parties to which we disclose personal information and the purposes for which we do so is described in Section VI titled “How we share your personal information and who we share it with”.
If we have received your personal information in the U.S. and subsequently transfer that information to a third party acting as an agent, and such third-party agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we will remain liable unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are located in the EEA, UK (inc. Gibraltar) or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us via the contact details provided below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity and we will respond to your request in accordance with the DPF Principles and applicable data protection laws. You may also opt-out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from us by writing to us at the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Liftoff Mobile, Inc. at:
DPO@liftoff.io
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF-related complaints or disputes within forty-five (45) days of receipt.
We commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolutionfor more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If your complaint is not resolved by us or by JAMS, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Please see
here
for additional information.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. We may be required to disclose personal information we handle under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We reserve the right to amend this section from time to time consistent with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF requirements.
VI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
We do not sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we do share your personal information with third parties as described below. If you have consented to us sharing your personal information but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will cease any such activity.
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You will be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is necessary and related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information that we collect through the Site and Services. If you have any questions about these practices, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and people, for example cloud service providers (“Third Party Service Providers”), such as Amazon Web Services, Dropbox, Salesforce and
Unity Technologies
to perform tasks e.g., provide computer and network infrastructure services on our behalf or as advertising exchange partners and we may need to share your information with them to provide products or Services to you. We only share your personal information with Third Party Service Providers to the extent necessary for them to assist us and they do not have any right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We may also work with Google to deliver the best advertising opportunities to its clients through the use of remarketing tags. Traffic Clients and other data subjects can consult Google’s policies to learn more about Google’s processing policies
here
.
Third Party Digital Advertising Partners
If you are a Targeted End User, we will share data about you with Partners, to be used by those Partners for advertising-related purposes, including establishing (on behalf of advertisers) whether to bid on the opportunity to show you ads. When we share data in this manner, we will also share with the relevant Partner details about whether you have consented to, or objected to, the use of your data by the Partner for specified purposes.
Group Companies
We may provide your personal information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf to provide the Site and the Services to you. These parties are required to process such information based on our instructions and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. They do not have any independent right to share this information.
Compliance with laws and legal proceedings
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Merger or Acquisition
If Liftoff Mobile, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
VII. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us
We take appropriate steps to pseudonymize your personal information. For Targeted End Users, the advertising device IDs (which are the only per-user identifiers that we track, and can be reset by the user at any time) are SHA1-hashed before insertion. Since SHA1 is a one-way hashing algorithm, the original raw advertising device ID cannot be reverse-engineered from the hashed version.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
VIII. DATA RETENTION
If you have provided us with personal information for the purposes of holding an account with us, we will retain your information (including personal information) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services.
If we hold information about you through any other means we shall only process this information for as long as is necessary for the purpose and in any event for no longer than 28 days.
Information relating to Targeted End Users is retained for 30 days in pseudonymized form before it is automatically deleted from our active database. Backups are stored indefinitely.
We will delete it after the timescales stated above, except we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
IX. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
We perform the following automated decision-making processes using your personal information:
To build lookalike targeting models to target users who are similar to the Customer’s existing users. Our Machine Learning does this automatically for every Customer. The more upfront device IDs Liftoff has, the more beneficial this is.
For power predictive ML features e.g. users who have purchased in the past are much more likely to purchase again in the future
To exclude existing users from User Acquisition campaigns, and power targeting rules for re-engagement campaigns e.g. target users who have registered but not purchased.
We have implemented measures to safeguard the rights and interests of individuals whose personal data is subject to automated decision-making. Our technical and organizational security measures can be provided on request.
When we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by contacting us using the contact details provided under Section IV titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
X. YOUR RIGHTS
Opting-out of interest-based advertising from Liftoff
As described in this Privacy Policy, third parties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on, for example, your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements by clicking
here
(or if located in the EEA, click
here
)
. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
Refer to our
opt out page
for instructions on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising when you are a Targeted End User.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at DPO@liftoff.io at any time. You have the following rights:
Right of access.  You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.  You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the UK or EEA.
Right to correct or update your personal information.  You have a right to request a correction or update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right to request deletion of your personal information.  You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
Right to restrict use of your information. You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to opt-out or stop marketing communications. You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  You may contact us using the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose but we will still send you non-promotional emails (as applicable), such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Right to data portability. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.
Right to object.  You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. Contact details for supervisory authorities in the EEA are available
here
and for the UK
here
.  Certain supervisory authorities will require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.  We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
XI. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use). If you are under 16, please do not attempt to use the Site or register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to us or use the Site or the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible unless your parent or guardian has provided us with their consent for your use of our Site or Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
XII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XIII. COMPLAINTS, QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS
We have a Data Protection Officer to assist with all queries regarding our processing of personal information who can be contacted at DPO@liftoff.io. If you have complaints about our Site or Services, please contact us at: DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
In the EEA/ UK, you may contact our representatives:
Jurisdiction
Representative
EEA
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff GmBH
Torstrabe 146/Linienstrabe 86, 10119, Berlin, Germany
UK
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff Mobile Limited
Drapers House, 76-78 Clerkenwell Road, EC1M 5QA, London, UK
You may also make a compliant to the appropriate data protection authority for data protection matters or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 13
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 14
https://www.mistplay.com/legal/privacy:
Home
About Us
Advertising
ADVERTISING
Overview
Features for publishers
Features for players
the company
ADVERTISING
Overview
Partners
Case studies
For players
For publishers
Case Studies
THE COMPANY
About Us
Careers
Achievements
Legal
RESOURCES
Industry Reports
Publisher blog
Gamer blog
Support
FAQ
LATEST RESOURCES
Breaking UA expectations: How Playlinks boosted D7 ROAS in South Korea by 36% with Mistplay
March 12, 2025
Mobile gaming loyalty in 2025: Genres driving monetization, engagement, and LTV
March 3, 2025
EN
FR
KO
DE
ZH
JA
Home
MISTPLAY USER PRIVACY NOTICE
English
English
Français
Português
한국어
Deutsch
Italiano
Español
日本語
LAST UPDATED: July 25, 2024
Please read the terms of this Mistplay User Privacy Notice (this “Notice”) carefully. The Notice describes to users (“User”, “Users”, or “you”) how Mistplay Inc. (“Mistplay”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) collects, uses, discloses or otherwise processes your personal data collected in connection with websites, mobile applications, progressive web applications, content, features, digital events, referral programs, promotions or products we create or operate (the “Services”). This Notice is incorporated into and forms a part of Mistplay’s
Global Terms of Use
(the “Terms”). As used below, capitalized terms not defined in this Notice have the meaning given to them in the Terms. “Personal data” and “personal information” generally mean any information that directly or indirectly identifies you, which might vary slightly depending on applicable laws. Examples of personal data include your name, email address, gender, age, and other information about you such as data about your device or how you use the Services. This Notice does not govern your use of a third-party developer’s game that you discover and access through the Services. The processing of your data by the game developer (“Game Partners”) is governed by the game developer’s privacy policy which you should review prior to using their game and when exercising any rights subject to Game Partners privacy policy.
Please note, if you are younger than 18, you are prohibited from registering for a Mistplay user account.
Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the Notice. We may change or otherwise modify the Notice, such as in order to reflect changes in the Services. If we modify it, we will update the "Last Updated" date and will alert users that a change has occurred within the affected Services. Please do not use the Services if you do not accept the current Notice, including any addendums that apply to you in
Annex A: Region-Specific Notices
.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Mistplay is the controller, within the meaning of applicable laws, with regard to the collection, processing and use of personal data in the context of the Services and as described in this Notice. This means Mistplay is responsible for deciding the purpose and the means of how your personal information will be used and processed. We collect information about you, which include:
your name, age, gender, phone number, passwords, and email that you enter when you set up a Mistplay account, including information provided by third parties that you select during sign up (i.e. Facebook, Google, Kakao, LINE);
information regarding your activity within Mistplay, including game installations, play time, participation in surveys, sweepstakes, tasks, and promotional offers;
your device information such as device model, operating system, device ID, advertising identifiers, IP address, and device location;
information related to the apps installed in your device;
Session ID, information on how you access the Services (including frequency, what time, how long, and from which device(s), active users and intervals), your activity and engagement within the Services (such as in-app events, tasks, sweepstakes, leaderboards, surveys, ratings), your approximate and precise location or the country from which you are accessing the Services (“Usage Data”).
data related to software or applications when you play and engage with games discovered in our Service, including the duration of your game play time (which may require you to change your device settings). To enable Mistplay to provide you with the Services, including the loyalty rewards program, you direct Mistplay to collect information about you from Game Partners, including your installation of a particular game, in-game purchase information and in-game advertising information, transaction types, events, actions, clicks, impressions, and use of virtual items, game achievements, statistics and information on bugs and malfunctions (“Gameplay Data”).
We specify the personal data we collect for each purpose of processing, together with their applicable legal basis, in
Annex B Table for Legal Processing Activities
to this Notice.
2. USE OF PERSONAL DATA
Mistplay may link or combine the personal data we collect through several methods, including but not limited to software integrations, tools, and proprietary machine learning algorithms or artificial intelligence (“AI”), so that we may provide you with a personalized experience. We generally use personal data to:
provide, deliver, monitor and improve our Services (including customer support and respond to requests, complaints and feedback, troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems and to communicate with you according to your preferences), which requires us to track third party app installations (conversions) to award points, offer rewards to Users based on their active usage of Game Partner applications, and to enable gift card redemption. This includes meeting operational and business transaction requirements such as billing advertising clients, attribution of game installs, accounting, calculating Units earned in and otherwise enabling the Rewards Program and delivering prizes for leaderboards, sweepstakes and other promotions.
personalize advertisements and promotions of games on the Mistplay platform (including personalize the Services for you with tailored suggestions of games, features and events through the Services, promote games available in your country, and provide you with loyalty rewards in accordance with your profile and tier status using the parameters further explained in
Annex B Table for Legal Processing Activities
).
display your username and rewards or progress information to you and others on leaderboards and other community features within the Mistplay platform (including such display of your referred friends who have joined the Services on your referral leaderboards)
offering participation in activities such as leaderboards, sweepstakes, promotions, and other digital events and determine winners.
build the Mistplay community of users by marketing Mistplay’s Services on third-party platforms, including for targeted advertising of Mistplay on third party mobile applications and websites and for measurement and optimization of such marketing campaigns.
fraud prevention, including the need to verify your digital identity to secure our platform and Services, including automated detection of fraudulent activities as further explained in
Annex B
.
improve and develop new products and update features in our Services.
create industry reports and develop insights about our business with aggregate data or in a format that is anonymized and cannot be used to re-identify Users.
help train our machine learning and AI models to provide you with personalized content and user experience as well as for the purposes outlined in this Notice.
abide by local law.
The legal basis for Mistplay processing your personal data as described in this Notice will typically include one or more of the following:
performance of our agreement with you and our other Users, including to run and enable the Mistplay rewards program and provide customer support.
meeting our legal and compliance obligations under applicable laws.
our legitimate interest in, for example, monitoring, promoting and improving services we provide, securing the Services, assuring use of our Services in accordance with our
Terms
, business analysis, and developing new products and services.
consent, when required by applicable laws, as further explained in the regional notices in
Annex A
.
For more information on the legal basis for specific processing activities, see
Annex B
.
3. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
Username; Leaderboard; Community Features.
We may display your username, profile information, play progress and reward information, on community features and leaderboards visible to you or other Users on the Mistplay platform. Your username, play progression, and rewards progression may appear on your friend’s referral leaderboard if you joined Mistplay through your friend’s referral link. You acknowledge that you can opt out of any leaderboard or community features by contacting Mistplay customer service. You can change your username at any time by editing your profile in Mistplay. We recommend that you do not include your personal information in your username, which can be displayed to other Users.
Corporate Affiliates and Transaction Parties.
We may share your personal data with our subsidiaries or affiliates under common corporate control for the purposes described in this Notice. We may also share your personal data with counterparties as part of corporate transactions such as mergers, sales of company assets, financings or acquisitions but only to the extent necessary to evaluate and complete such transactions and subject to applicable legal or contractual requirements.
Law Enforcement, Regulators and Other Parties for Legal and Security Reasons.
We may disclose personal data when necessary to protect the legal rights of Mistplay, Users or third parties, in order to avoid fraud, manage our risks or comply with applicable laws, legal orders or processes. This includes exchanging information with the authorities and security companies which act on our behalf for these purposes. In these cases and where permitted by applicable laws, we disclose personal data to comply with legal obligations or to protect the legitimate interests of Mistplay or affected third parties, for example if we are obliged to cooperate with government authorities in the context of legal investigations.
When necessary, the categories of data disclosed to such third parties may include your identifiers, Internet or other similar network activity, inferences drawn from other personal information, approximate and precise geolocation data and sensitive personal information. Where required or permitted by law or regulation and reasonably practicable, we will attempt to notify you of such requirements.
Service Providers.
We have agreements with various service providers to facilitate delivery of our Services, which include those we engage to give customer support, operate the technical infrastructure needed to provide the Services, assist in providing you rewards and protecting and securing our systems and Services, and to help market Mistplay Services.
Advertising Platforms and Networks.
We partner with certain providers, including but not limited to Google, Unity, and social media companies, to display, target, and suppress Mistplay advertisements on their or their partner sites (such as advertisements within games and other mobile apps). Such providers may conduct analytics in relation to advertisements and to manage our advertising on other sites. Personal information we disclose to these providers include device identifiers (e.g., Google Advertising Identifier), IP addresses, time and event data for certain actions (such as new game installation or in-game purchase made or game playtime milestone achieved). These providers use this information for marketing optimization, reporting, and analysis, and to prevent display of Mistplay advertisements to you and existing users, retarget inactive users, and reach new potentially interested users.
Administrative Service Providers.
Our administrative service providers, acting as data processors, may receive and process your personal information to support the Services, including to administer testing, process support requests, detect and prevent fraudulent activity, provide communications (such as email and push notifications), and deliver surveys, sweepstakes, and events to engage with Users, subject to applicable law.
Analytics Service Providers.
We work with analytics service providers that act as data processors to help us analyze and understand the personal data about you and develop trends, patterns and insights to personalize your experience with Mistplay, curate your game selection, improve our Services, optimize sales and advertising, and create new products. These analytics providers, such as Appsflyer, also measure, verify, and analyze performance of our marketing campaigns.
Game Partners.
The main purpose of the Mistplay loyalty program is to promote and advertise the games of our Game Partners in the Mistplay platform. In order to enable the loyalty program and reward you for your engagement, (a) we must allow tracking and collection of certain personal data by applicable Game Partners and their analytics providers, such as your game installs or survey answers, for purposes of reporting, attribution, and billing of the Game Partners; and (b) you direct Mistplay to collect Gameplay Data from Game Partners, including your in-game purchases and advertising views, in order for Mistplay to reward you, provide you with personalized content, market new games of interest to you, to develop our AI and algorithms for predictive modeling, grow our business and community of users, and for development of new products, features, and services. If you choose to access or install a game recommended through our Services, you acknowledge that Game Partner and its analytics partner will collect your personal data from Mistplay and employ tracking technologies as set forth below in Section 6.3 “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.”
Mistplay may also disclose aggregated information about Users along with information that does not and cannot identify any individual or device, except where limited by applicable laws. For example, we may use anonymized user ratings, review of apps and aggregated information for statistical and machine learning purposes, to provide insights into developing or enhancing Services, for marketing and advertising and for other legally permissible purposes such as testing our IT systems and features. For more information regarding the sharing of data with third parties please review the applicable sections below and notices within
Annex A
and
Annex B
.
4. HOW WE STORE, TRANSFER AND SECURE PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We are based in Canada, and we store information that we collect from your device on our Amazon Web Services servers located in the United States. The information that we collect may be transferred, stored, or used in other jurisdictions, where some of our providers may be located. While we protect your information by choosing appropriate providers and having contractual safeguards in place with those vendors, the privacy laws in such jurisdictions may not be as protective as in, for example, Canada, the UK or the EU.
We maintain administrative, organizational procedures, technical and physical safeguards, consistent with legal requirements where the personal data was obtained, designed to ensure the security and confidentiality against unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of, or access to, the personal data we collect and process.
If you are resident of a country in Europe, please see
Annex A
below for more information on international data transfers that are applicable to you.
5. EXERCISING OF YOUR RIGHTS
You can always update preferences and exercise rights you may have under applicable data protection laws by contacting us as directed below. However, if you do choose to change preferences, opt-out or withdraw consent where it has been given, your experience with our Services may change, be diminished or your ability to use some of the features and options in our Services may be limited (such as access to Units and the Rewards Program described in our Terms). Please keep us informed if your personal data changes or should be corrected.
For a description of the specific rights with respect to your personal information that are provided to residents of certain European countries, Japan, Korea, Canada, and the states of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, Utah, Tennessee, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Illinois, and Virginia, please see
Annex A
for Region-Specific Notices. We will handle your request in accordance with applicable laws, such as in relation to response time, verification of identity and content. If we cannot fulfill your request, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
Depending on your jurisdiction, your rights may include:
The Right to Opt Out of Marketing Communications sent by Mistplay.
This can be done also by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the marketing or promotion email you receive. Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing or promotion messages from us, we may still send you important Service-related messages, from which you cannot opt out. You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your device settings. Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact your use of the Services.
The Right to Withdraw Consent.
Where you provided us with your consent, you may withdraw your consent to the collection and processing of personal data at any time by contacting us as directed below or by sending a written request to
Privacy@Mistplay.Com
. Upon receiving notice that you have revoked your consent, we will stop processing your personal data without undue delay. Withdrawing consent may impact your use of the Services, such as access to your account, certain events, and eligibility for earning rewards.
The Right to Erase Your Personal Data or Delete Your account.
By deleting your account, any Units that you have earned and not redeemed will be deleted. Please note that we will send you an email requesting your confirmation before we delete your account, and we may not be able to delete all data you requested, for instance to comply with applicable tax laws.
The Right to Object to the Processing of Personal Data or Tracking Technologies.
If we receive such a request, we will review your objection and delete personal data that we processed for the purpose to which you objected without undue delay, unless another legal basis for processing and retaining this data exists or applicable law requires us to retain the data. Please note that certain types of personal data processing is required to enable the Mistplay rewards program, and your opt-out of such processing may impact your ability to continue receiving rewards from Mistplay. Please note that certain processing of personal data is necessary for Mistplay to provide you with the Services, including personalized game ads, reward program, etc. Thus, if you object to some of them, we may not be able to provide you with such Services. You may elect to receive alternative services from Mistplay without the loyalty rewards program by signing up for the Mistplay game discovery email newsletter.
The Right to Opt Out of Sharing Your Data with Advertisers of Mistplay’s Services.
We provide your personal data, such as your device ID or Google advertising ID, to our advertisers in order to optimize our marketing of Mistplay services and prevent you from receiving Mistplay advertisements when you have already installed the Mistplay app. Depending on the jurisdiction, if you do not consent to this data sharing or if Mistplay receives an opt-out request from you, we will take steps to block sharing of your data for these purposes. As a result, you may receive Mistplay advertisements in other media channels even if you already have Mistplay installed in your device.
The Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and Content Personalization within Mistplay.
In order for Mistplay to supply you with the loyalty rewards program where you can earn units towards redemption of a variety of gift cards, Mistplay must be able to provide you with personalized content, including in-app promotions and a curated mixlist of games that Mistplay is advertising to you on behalf of the Game Partners. The Mistplay platform provides you with personalized game recommendations based on a number of factors, including game availability in your jurisdiction, predictive modeling by our algorithms, your game install history, your Gameplay Data, and game preferences you may provide in user surveys. If you wish to opt out of targeted advertising and content personalization in the Mistplay app or you do not provide consent to such processing, then Mistplay will not be able to provide you with the loyalty rewards program. If you wish to continue to receive Mistplay game discovery services without targeted advertising and loyalty rewards, contact customer service as directed below in order to close your Mistplay app account. You may elect to receive alternative services from Mistplay without the loyalty rewards program by signing up for the Mistplay game discovery newsletter.
6. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
6.1 CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
In accordance with the Terms, you may not use the Service if you are under 18 years old. Mistplay is committed to complying with laws protecting children, within the meaning of applicable law. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us.
6.2 DATA RETENTION
Mistplay will only retain personal data for as long as is required by law, as long as you use the Services, or as long as is necessary to meet the purposes for which it was collected. For example, any personal data derived from facial scans are stored by Mistplay for six months for purposes of preventing fraudulent activity.  Mistplay account balances or rewards earned as of termination must be preserved for some period to allow for such matters as billing and tax reporting. Specifically, we destroy your personal information or store it separately if you do not interact with our Services for 5 years.
Note, if a User does not use the Services for at least one hundred eighty days, the User’s inactive account may be terminated, Units earned may automatically expire and personal data may be deleted.
You may also ask us to delete your account. By deleting your account, however, any Units that you have earned and not redeemed will be deleted. Otherwise, if we choose to maintain or use de-identified information (where permitted by applicable law), we continue to do so in a de-identified manner and will not attempt to re-identify you. To delete personal data held by Game Partners, please contact them as directed under the terms of the Game Partners privacy policy.
6.3 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services and mobile applications, we or our Game Partners may use technologies, such as tracking links (embedded URLs), mobile measurement providers (e.g., Appsflyer, Adjust, Singular, etc.), cookies, web beacons (also known as pixel, tags or clear gifs) or integrated software development kits (SDKs) in connection with our Services. We use these technologies to secure and improve our Services, for attribution and billing our Game Partners, to understand your preferences, collect information about your activity, browser, and device, and to tailor our Services to your interests. We also use these technologies to collect information when you install games that were discovered from Mistplay, when you make in-game purchases or watch in-game advertisements, or when you engage or click on Mistplay ads in other digital media channels. Our Game Partners employ their mobile measurement partners to collect your information when you download games that you have discovered on Mistplay. These tracking technologies and the collection of Gameplay Data enable Mistplay to verify your task completion, calculate your loyalty rewards, and monitor against fraudulent behavior. As such, these are necessary tracking technologies for the operation of the Mistplay loyalty program. If not accepted, we may not be able to provide you with our Services.
For visitors of the Mistplay website, Mistplay may use cookies for tracking. A cookie is a small text file that allows us to remember your actions and preferences on the website (such as your login details, your language settings and your font size preference) over a period of time so you don't have to re-enter them whenever you come back to the website or browse from one page to another.
Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. The procedure for managing cookies is slightly different for each internet browser. You can check the specific steps in your particular browser help menu. You also may be able to reset device identifiers or opt-out from having identifiers collected or processed by using the appropriate setting on your mobile device. Depending on your jurisdiction, we get your permission before we set certain cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, please review our
Cookie Notice
.
7. CONTACT US
If you have questions that do not relate to this Notice or data privacy, please write to our customer support team and
Submit a Request
. To exercise applicable data protection rights or comment about this Notice and our privacy practices, you may reach out to our data protection office at:
Data Privacy Officer
Mistplay, Inc.
Suite 200 - 1001 Blvd Robert-Bourassa, Montréal, QC H3B 0A7 or via email at
Privacy@Mistplay.Com
ANNEX A: REGION-SPECIFIC NOTICES
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal data about residents of certain countries, regions or states.  Disclosures for residents of Europe, United Kingdom, USA, and Canada are set forth below. Disclosures for residents of South Korea and Japan can be found at:
https://www.mistplay.com/legal/privacy-centre
.
EUROPE AND UNITED KINGDOM NOTICE
1. SPECIFIC RIGHTS FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, SWITZERLAND AND THE UNITED KINGDOM (“EEA, SUI & UK”)
This Europe and United Kingdom Notice provides additional information for users located in the EEA, SUI and UK. Unless otherwise set forth in this Europe and United Kingdom Notice, all other terms and principles in Mistplay’s
Global Privacy Notice
continue to apply.
Users in the EEA and UK have certain privacy rights as specified under applicable law, including the General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”), SUI Article 13 of the Swiss Constitution and Federal Act on Data Protection (DPA) and UK Data Protection Act 2018. The Notice and the privacy controls we offer to all users are in line with these laws. As a resident of the EEA, SUI & UK, you also have certain specific rights regarding your personal data. You are free to exercise any of these rights by contacting us under the contact details in the Contact Us section of the Notice or as specified herein:
Access.
You have the right to know if your data is being processed and to request a copy of the personal data that we process about you. However, there are exceptions to this right, so that access may be denied if, for example, making the information available to you would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another person, or if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information.
Rectification.
We aim to keep your personal data accurate and complete. We encourage you to keep us informed about changes that you would like reflected in our records. You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to complete your personal data.
Restriction:
You have the right to request a restriction of processing from us, provided that the legal requirements for restriction are met.. This includes situations where you have objected to the processing and we are in the process of verifying whether our legitimate grounds override yours.
Data Portability.
Provided further legal requirements are fulfilled, you have the right to request that your personal data is provided to you, or, where technically feasible, to have your personal data transmitted to another provider should you wish to stop using our Services in favor of another, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Erasure.
You have the right to erase or request that we erase your personal data as far as legal requirements for erasure are fulfilled, such as when your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
Withdraw consent.
Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Automated Decision-Making.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you as far as further legal requirements are fulfilled.
For France
, you also have the right to provide guidelines relating to the retention, deletion and communication of your personal data after your death under the conditions set forth by Article 85 of the French Data Protection Act (Loi Informatique et Libertés).
Objecting.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data. You may ask us to block, erase or limit the use or other processing of your personal data.
The specific further legal requirements for the exercise of these rights depend on the applicable statutory data protection laws. For your protection, we only fulfill requests for the personal data associated with the email address that you identify in your request, and we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling certain requests. See the Section entitled “EXERCISING OF YOUR RIGHTS” of the Notice for more information.
2. SUBMITTING COMPLAINTS
If you are resident in the EEA, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the regulator in your jurisdiction. To find out how to contact your local regulator, please visit
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
.
If you reside in the UK, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), the UK regulator for data protection issues. You can make a complaint via the ICO’s website (
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
). This website also provides additional contact details for the ICO.
If you reside in the Switzerland, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Federal DataProtection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC). You can make a complaint via the FDPIC’s website (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/meldeportale.html
). This website also provides additional contact details for the FDPIC.
3. TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
For EEA, SUI & UK based users, your personal data may be transferred to recipients located outside of the EEA, SUI & UK for example to countries where we have facilities or engage service providers, or where our corporate entities and our hosting provider, are located. The processing of your data may take place worldwide but will occur primarily in countries of the EEA, Canada and the USA. Some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or citizenship.
Some of these countries are recognized by relevant governmental authorities such as the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA/UK/Swiss standards, such as Canada (commercial organisations). For transfers from the EEA, the UK or Switzerland to countries not recognized as offering an adequate level of data protection, such as India and the US for customer support and hosting services, we have put in place adequate measures as required by applicable laws, such as entering into standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission and/or the ICO to protect your personal data. If you would like to receive a copy of our implemented safeguards and/or information on the third countries to which your personal data are being transferred (where possible) you can contact us as directed in the Notice under the Contact Us section.
4. FRAUD PREVENTION (INCLUDING PROCESSING OF BIOMETRIC DATA) AND AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We use automated anti-fraud heuristics and machine learning to detect and prevent fraudulent behavior and to avoid misuse of the Services, including to combat against bots and synthetic users. The information processed for this purpose may include in-app behavior modeling and user device characteristics, among others.  This processing is necessary for securing the Services and prevent misuse of the loyalty program. Without this activity, we will not be able to provide the Mistplay loyalty program and rewards.
In addition, we may process your biometric data using facial scan technology to prevent fraudulent, synthetic, or illegitimate users from misusing the Mistplay loyalty rewards program to wrongfully acquire gift cards. Such processing is of utmost importance for maintaining the integrity of our Services and our ability continue providing Services to you.   Therefore, if you do not provide  your consent for processing the biometric data, we may not be able to provide you with such Services. You may elect to receive alternative services from Mistplay without the loyalty rewards program by signing up for the Mistplay game discovery email newsletter.
When fraudulent or synthetic behavior is detected, we will remove or block the account. We have implemented suitable measures to safeguard User’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, including the right to obtain human intervention, to express their point of view and to contest the decision by means of the appealing the account block or termination by contacting customer support at
support@mistplay.com
.
5. DATA COLLECTED FROM THIRD PARTY SOURCES
We collect the following personal data form the following third party sources:
Category
Source
Gameplay Data (including game installs, in-game purchases and view of in-game advertisements, time and stamps, game identifier); and corresponding mobile device identifier or advertising identifier (e.g. Google advertising ID)
Game Partners, including their mobile measurement and analytics providers
When you sign-up using your account on a third-party social network (such as Facebook, Google, Kakao, LINE), we collect information about your profile on those platforms,including your name, email address and profile ID, as further described in the Notice.
Third-Party Social Networks
SPECIFIC NOTICE FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES
1. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA, USA
This section applies to the personal information of residents of California and supplements the other sections of Mistplay’s
Global Privacy Notice
, which continue to apply.
Collection and Use of Personal Information: We have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the past 12 months:
Category
Examples
Business Purpose
Identifiers
Name, email, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, device identifier, advertising identifiers, account name, phone number, and selfie video or image
Operational purposes including customer service; fraud & security incident detection; website improvement; award prize winners; to deliver our Services to you, including personalized recommendations, advertisements, and promotions of Games; and to grow the Mistplay community by marketing and advertising the Services.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age and gender
To determine if you are an adult qualified to receive Mistplay services and to recommend suitable games and rewards promotions.
Internet or other similar network activity
Usage Data, Gameplay Data, information related to the apps installed in your device
To prevent fraudulent activity and provide better game recommendations (including personalization of Services, game ads and promotions and building User´s profiles), maintain and improve Services, and enable the rewards program, marketing and advertising of the Mistplay Services, monitor and analyze usage and activity trends, training ouch machine learning and AI models, improve and develop new products, carrying out surveys, law enforcement.
Approximate and precise geolocation data
Country, location
To recommend games based on your country; and precise geolocation data is used for fraud prevention
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting your preferences
To recommend games based on preference
Sensitive personal information
The biometric processing of video selfies to ensure the uniqueness of your user registration. Please see Annex B below for more details
To ensure that rewards are not earned through bots, automated processes, or fraudulent use of software; to provide you with better game recommendations.
Please note that we use and disclose sensitive personal information only for purposes expressly permitted under California law.
Disclosure of Personal Information:
We may disclose your personal information to third parties for the business purposes outlined in Mistplay’s Global Privacy Policy Notice and in the chart above. Such disclosures include Identifiers and Internet or other similar network activity as described in the table below. In the past 12 months, we may have disclosed your personal information for a business purpose or at your direction. For more details on third parties we share data with see the
How We Share Personal Information About You
section of this Notice.
In the preceding twelve (12) months and currently, we may have and may continue to sell or share your personal information, or disclosed it for a business purpose, to the following Third Parties as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act: advertising networks and platforms. We share or sell this information to grow the Mistplay community, optimize marketing of the Mistplay Services, and to prevent you from receiving Mistplay advertisements if you have already installed the Mistplay app. Such information includes identifiers (mobile device or advertising identifier such as Google Ad ID), IP addresses, and event data and Internet or others similar activity  (such as a game installation was made, an in-game purchase was made, or a game playtime milestone was achieved).  Although we do not “sell” personal information in exchange for money, some of our sharing of personal information to optimize advertising and marketing of the Services (including to prevent you from receiving Mistplay advertisements in other media channels) may be classified as a “sale” or “sharing” under applicable California laws. You may opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” by contacting customer service at
support@mistplay.com
.
We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of anyone in the state of California under the age of 16.
Retention of Your Data:
Mistplay will only retain personal data for as long as you use the Services, as required by law or for as long as it is required to meet the purposes for which it was collected. For example, Personal data derived from facial scans are stored by Mistplay for six months for purposes of preventing fraudulent activity. Mistplay account balances or rewards earned as of termination must be preserved for some period to allow for such matters as billing and tax reporting. Note, under the
Terms
, if a user does not use the Service for at least one hundred eighty days, the user’s inactive account may be terminated, units earned may automatically expire, subject to the Terms of Use and the user’s personal data may be destroyed.
Notice of Financial Incentive:
Under California law, the Rewards Program enables you to earn Units and may be considered a financial incentive provided in exchange for the collection, processing, and retention of personal information.  In particular, the Mistplay Rewards Program may serve as a financial incentive for Mistplay’s use of your personal information for targeted advertising and personalizing content to you within the Services. Mistplay uses the information to better understand how you use our Services, to improve our products and Services, to personalize our advertising and provide better game recommendations to you, to optimize our marketing of the Services to grow the Mistplay community, to enhance our user analytics, and to operate and fund the Rewards Program. By accessing the Services, you acknowledge that the value of the Rewards Program to you is worth sharing your personal information with Mistplay for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.  Note that participation in the Rewards Program is completely voluntary and you can withdraw at any time. For further details of the Rewards Programs and its terms, including how to withdraw or terminate your participation, please refer to
Terms
.
Your CCPA Rights
:
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) grants California consumers the following rights with respect to their personal information:
Right to Know.
You have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct.
You have the right request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing.
You have the right to opt out of sales of your personal information to third parties and to opt out of the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising, if applicable. However, if you choose to opt out, note that we would not be able to prevent or suppress advertising partners from displaying Mistplay advertisements to you, and as a result of your opt out, it is possible that you may encounter more Mistplay advertisements in other channels.
Right to Non-discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Exercising Your Rights
:
You may opt out of sales and/or sharing or exercise your right to limit the use/disclosure of your sensitive personal information by sending a request to
Privacy@Mistplay.Com
. See the Section entitled “EXERCISING OF YOUR RIGHTS” of the Notice for more information.
You may submit requests to know, delete, or correct by contacting us as directed in the Notice. To make such a request, please include the phrase “Personal Information Privacy Request” in the subject line, the Service you are inquiring about, along with your name, address, and email address. If we receive a request to delete your data, we will ask you if you want your personal information to be removed entirely or if you want to be kept on a list of individuals who do not want to be contacted in the future (for a specified period or otherwise). We cannot keep a record of individuals whose personal information we have deleted so you may be contacted again by us, should we come into possession of your personal information at a later date. Requests to know and requests to delete will be honored within 45 days; if more time is needed to respond, Mistplay will notify you.
The CCPA enables California users to appoint an authorized agent to act on their behalf to submit disclosure requests and or deletion requests under the CCPA. We will honor a request from an authorized agent provided that: i) you provide written authorization to the authorized agent to act on your behalf and we can verify your identity and account, and ii) the agent submits proof of authorization.
Browser “Do Not Track” Signals.
Most browsers contain a “do-not-track” setting. In general, when a “do-not-track” setting is active, the user’s browser notifies other websites that the user does not want their personal information and online behavior to be tracked and used, for example, for interest-based advertising on a website. As required by California law, we are required to inform you that, as is the case with most websites, we do not honor or alter our behavior when a user to one of our Websites has activated the “do-not-track” setting on her/his browser. You may seek to opt out of tracking technologies by sending a request to by sending a request to
Privacy@Mistplay.Com
; however, please note that there are necessary tracking technologies within the Mistplay application to validate your game engagement and enable Mistplay to supply you with our loyalty rewards program.
2. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR RESIDENTS OF ILLINOIS, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, DELAWARE, INDIANA, IOWA, MONTANA, TENNESSEE, TEXAS, UTAH, AND VIRGINIA, USA
This section applies to the personal data of residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia and supplements the other sections of this Notice.
For information on the categories of personal data that we collect, the purposes for which we process that personal data, and how we disclose that personal data, please refer to the
Information We Collect About You
,
Use of Personal Data and Legal Basis for Processing
, and
How We Share Personal Information About You
sections above, as well as
Annex B: Table for Legal Processing Activities
below. For additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and our purposes for doing so, please refer to the Collection and Use of Personal Information section in the Additional Disclosures for Residents of California notice above.
In some cases we may share your information with third parties for purposes of marketing and advertising the Services and to grow the Mistplay community. These disclosures may be considered “sales” or “targeted advertising” under applicable state privacy laws. For more information about the categories of personal data that we may sell to or share with third parties for such purposes, see the Disclosure of Personal Information subsection in the Additional Disclosures for Residents of California, USA section above.  You may opt out disclosure of your data to advertising networks and platforms for these purposes by contacting customer service at
support@mistplay.com
.
Depending on where you reside, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
Access.
You may have the right to request that we confirm whether we process your personal data and that we provide you access to such personal data.
Data Portability.
You may have the right to request that we provide a copy of your personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format.
Correction.
You may have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in the personal data that we process.
Deletion.
You may have the right to request deletion of your personal data.
Opt Out of Sales and Targeted Advertising.
You may have the right to request that we not process your personal data for the purposes of marketing the Mistplay Services to others, including to prevent you from receiving Mistplay advertisements in other channels or for targeted advertising, sales, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined by applicable state law.
Opt Out of Profiling.
You may have the right to request that we not process your personal data for the purpose of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. However, if you exercise this opt out, Mistplay will be unable to provide you with the loyalty rewards program. You may instead elect to receive alternative Mistplay game promotion services without loyalty rewards and associated profiling of your data by signing up to the Mistplay game discovery email newsletter.
You may exercise your opt out of rights by contacting customer support or
Privacy@Mistplay.com
.
You may submit requests to exercise your other rights as directed in the Notice. Please include the phrase “Personal Information Privacy Request” in the subject line, the Service you are inquiring about, along with your name, address, and email address. If we receive a request to delete your personal data, we will need to close our Mistplay account. We cannot keep a record of individuals whose personal data we have deleted, so you may be contacted again by us, should we come into possession of your personal data at a later date.
Depending on where you reside, you may also use an authorized agent to act on your behalf to submit requests to exercise your rights. We will honor a request from an authorized agent provided that: i) you provide written authorization to the authorized agent to act on your behalf and we can verify your identity, and ii) the agent submits proof of authorization.
SPECIFIC NOTICE FOR RESIDENTS OF CANADA
This addendum applies to the personal information of residents of Canada and supplements the other sections of the Notice.
1. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
Depending on how you interact with us, we collect the personal information described in the Notice, including in Annex B: Table for Legal Processing Activities, in the following ways:
Directly from you:
We collect information that you provide to us when you set up a Mistplay account, communicate with us by email, telephone or otherwise, submit an inquiry or other type of request (including customer support requests), participate in our surveys, promotions, sweepstakes or User testing, or otherwise voluntarily provide your information to us in the course of our interactions. This may include your name, contact information, age, gender, location, facial scans, and account preferences.
Through automated means:
When you visit our website, use our mobile application or otherwise interact with us digitally, we or our Game Partners may use automated means (such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies) to collect information about the device you are using (such as IP address, device model, operating system, device ID, advertising identifiers), your approximate location (based on your IP address), and how you access, use or otherwise interact with our Services, content, features or ads (such as game installs, play time, log data), including when you click on or engage with Mistplay ads in other digital media channels and when you install games discovered on Mistplay. We collect information about the apps already installed on your device in order to prevent fraud, launch certain games from the Mistplay app, provide you with more personalized game recommendations, and enable the rewards program. For more details on how we or our Game Partners use cookies and similar technologies in the context of our Services, please see the Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section of the Notice.
From Game Partners:
When you play and engage with games discovered on our Services, we may collect information from our Game Partners about your game installs and game play, including your in-game purchase information and in-game advertising information, as further described in the Notice.
From Third-Party Social Networks:
When you sign-up using your account on a third-party social network (such as Facebook, Google, Kakao, LINE), we collect information about your profile on those platforms, including your name, email address and profile ID, as further described in the Notice.
From other third parties or sources:
We may also collect information about you from other third parties or sources with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
2. HOW WE MANAGE CONSENT AND YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
In Canada, we rely on your consent to collect, use or disclose your personal information for the purposes described in the Notice, including providing our Services, content personalization, targeted advertising, marketing communications and data sharing with advertisers, unless an exception to consent applies under applicable law. Consent may be express or implied, depending on the context, and you have the right to withdraw your consent, subject to reasonable notice and legal or contractual restrictions. You consent to this processing by your agreement to the Terms, which include this Privacy Notice. If you withdraw your consent for one or more of these purposes, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you have requested (such as our loyalty rewards program), or your user experience may be adversely affected (such as certain features of our platform may not function properly).
In some cases, we may be required or permitted by law to collect, store or otherwise process your personal information without your consent, such as to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to establish, exercise or defend our rights or interests, to enforce our Terms or other relevant terms and policies, or to detect, investigate or prevent fraud or other illegal activities. In this case, your right to withdraw consent will not apply and we may continue to process your information in accordance with such legal authority. For more information about how we manage consent or your privacy choices, please see the Exercising Your Rights section of the Notice or contact us using the contact details in the Contact Us section of the Notice.
3. SPECIFIC RIGHTS FORRESIDENTS OF CANADA
Users in Canada have the right to access or rectify their personal information if it is inaccurate, incomplete or no longer up-to-date, subject to certain limited exceptions under applicable law. If we receive a request to exercise these rights, we will respond to your request in accordance with applicable laws. In some cases, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity (or your legal authority if the request is made on behalf of another individual) before responding to your request. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details in the Contact Us section of the Notice.
4. DATA GOVERNANCE POLICIES AND PRACTICES
We protect your personal information by implementing and maintaining physical, technical and organizational security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, the purposes for which it is used, and its volume, format and distribution. This includes internal policies and controls to limit access to personal information to employees who have a “need-to-know” based on their job functions and to monitor access to certain systems containing personal information.
We also have procedures in place to handle complaints about our information handling practices and to limit the retention of personal information to that necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise lawfully processed, as further described in the Data Retention section of the Notice. When the information is no longer needed to fulfill those purposes and is not otherwise required to be retained by law, we take appropriate steps to anonymize or dispose of the information securely and in accordance with applicable laws.
5. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We or our service providers may access, store or otherwise process your personal information outside of Canada or the province in which you reside, including the United States, India, the Czech Republic, Poland and other EU member states. In this case, your information may be lawfully accessed by foreign courts, law enforcement or government authorities in accordance with the laws of those other jurisdictions. If you have any questions or concerns about how we or our service providers (including service providers outside of Canada) process your information, please contact us using the contact details in the Contact Us section of the Notice.
SPECIFIC NOTICE FOR RESIDENTS OF SOUTH KOREA
For additional disclosures specific to Users in South Korea, please see the
SOUTH KOREA PERSONAL INFORMATION PROCESSING NOTICE
available at
https://www.mistplay.com/legal/south-korean-addendum
.
SPECIFIC NOTICE FOR RESIDENTS OF JAPAN
For additional disclosures specific to Users in Japan, please see the
JAPAN PERSONAL INFORMATION PROCESSING NOTICE
available at
https://www.mistplay.com/legal/japan-addendum-to-privacy-notice
.
ANNEX B: TABLE FOR LEGAL PROCESSING ACTIVITIES
Processing Purpose
Categories of Data used
Legal Basis for Processing
Account creation and editing, and to provide access to and deliver our Services
First and last name, age,gender, email, phone number, account preferences and other communication when you set upyour account with Mistplayand data related to community features you use (“
Account Data
”).
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the User (i.e. the account creation). Without this information,we will not be able to provide the service you have requested.
Ensuring compliance with our statutory retention obligations under commercial and tax law as well as other legal obligations of Mistplay.
‍
In accordance with your privacy settings on a social network, the third-party profile (e.g., Facebook, Google, Kakao, LINE) you provide for sign-up, including the first name and last name displayed and information you provided on such profiles (including information in your posts), as well as the email address and profile ID for these platforms (“
Personal Data from Third-Party Social Networks
”). Where offered and as required by applicable laws, you may choose to register for and sign in to your Mistplay account using your email address or phone number.
User consent when actively deciding to sign up via social networks profile. Then, the processing will be necessary for the performance of a contract with the User (i.e. account creation).
Without this information, we will not be able to provide the service you have requested.
To maintain and improve the Services
Account Data
‍
Usage Data (Defined in Section 1of the Notice)
‍
Gameplay Data (Defined in Section 1of the Notice)
IP address (including approximate location andcountry), exact geolocation data (including longitude and latitude), mobiledevice identifier, advertising identifier (e.g. Google advertising ID) or otherunique identifiers, data about your operating system, device model and devicelanguage, log data (e.g. network connection type, applications connected to theplatform including the site you came from, go to next, and the web page(s) youaccess during your session in the platform), data on apps already installed onyour device (“
Device Data
”).
It is in our legitimate interest to maintain and improve our Services by better understanding your preferences, the use of Services, and to avoid bugs or similar errors in order to ultimately provide you with the best possible Service.This basis also applies for the EU.
Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent.
Enabling you to redeem rewards earned in our Services or to engage in and claim prizes on our Promotions
Account Data
‍
Gameplay Data
‍
Device Data (mainly location)
‍
Loyalty Rewards Tier status
‍
Participation  in community features including data sharing with other Users, certain Gameplay Data, image and/or User name
‍
Gameplay  Data
‍
Device  Data (with precise geolocation)
‍
Usage Data
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the User (i.e. display rewards selection available in your country and providing you with the reward or prize from Promotions we run). Without this information, we will not be able to provide the service you have requested.
Processing is necessary for Mistplay to enable you to redeem rewards and to prevent abuse of Reward Program. This basis also applies for the EU.
Where required by applicable laws, we will rely on User consent.
Personalization of Services,including content on the Mistplay platform, game ads, and promotions; and building user profiles
Account Data
‍
Device Data
‍
Gameplay Data
‍
Usage Data
It is in our legitimate interest to show you game recommendation advertisements and promotions that are tailored to your interests.
Where required by applicable laws and in the EU, we will obtain your consent. Where User freely decides not to grant or to withdrawn the consent, access to a generic newsletter will alternatively be accessed as this personalization, even if voluntary, is essential for the purposes of due development of the Services.
Usage Data including information on device installed apps is used in the context of profiling user preferences.
Law Enforcement, Regulators and Other Parties for Legal and Security Reasons
Account Data
‍
Device Data
‍
Gameplay Data
‍
Usage Data
It is in our legitimate interest to protect our rights and the App.
Compliance with due EU laws where we are required to cooperate with due and competent authorities and courts
Marketing and advertising of the Mistplay Services (including data sharing with third-party platforms)
Device Data (limited to advertising ID and IP address)
Gameplay Data
It is in our legitimate interest to acquire new users and build the Mistplay community.
Where required by applicable laws and in the EU, we will obtain your consent
Monitor and analyze usage and activity trends, including measuring the effectiveness of our Services to clients, creating operational reports and developing insights about our business with aggregate data
Account Data
Device Data
Gameplay Data
Usage Data
It is in our legitimate interest to monitor and analyze the use and effectiveness of our Services in order to improve our Services. This basis also applies for the EU.
Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent.
Send marketing communications, surveys and participating in User testing
Account Data
Other voluntary data you may provide when you are participating in our surveys or User testing phases. This can include income range, occupation, preference for games and other choices.
It is in our legitimate interest to keep you updated on our existing and new Services by sending you relevant marketing communications and surveys, and by processing the data that we collect in this respect or via User testing.
Where required by applicable laws and in the EU, we will obtain your consent
Customer service, including when contacting us by phone, email or otherwise
Account Data
Device Data
Gameplay Data
Usage Data
It is for performance of the contract to provide you with customer support,ensuring efficient and user-friendly communication and processing of your request.
Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent
Security and fraud detection prevention including sharing of information with, and collection of information by, fraud detection and identify verification vendors
Account Data
Personal Data from Third Party Social Networks
Device Data
Gameplay Data
Usage Data
This processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the User (i.e. the account creation). Without this activity, we will not be able to provide the service you have requested.
This includes determining if user is real or synthetic (i.e.a bot) or has other Apps on the relevant device that could be used to conduct fraudulent activities (such us wrongfully acquire units or gift cards).
Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent or rely on our legitimate interest in providing a secure Service
Training our machine learning and AI models to provide you with personalized content and user experience
Improve and develop new products and features in our Services.
Account Data
Device Data
Gameplay Data
Usage Data
It is in our legitimate interest to optimize and provide better Services to our Users.
Carrying out surveys and building reports
Account Data
Gameplay Data
Other voluntary data you may provide when you are participating in our User surveys or User testing phases. This can include income range, occupation, game experience, and preference for games and other choices.
It is in our legitimate interest to obtain better understanding of the user experience, to develop industry research reports, and for Game Partners’ legitimate interest in developing further games.
Sub-policy 15
https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy:
New insights!
Unlock global growth with Beyond Borders: Mobile Gaming Insights for Global Growth.
ACCESS FREE REPORT
Products
products
Grow your users through performance advertising
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Monetize your commerce platform
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Launch a full-funnel advertising business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Solutions
SOLUTIONS
For Mobile App Marketers
For Agency Partners
For Commerce Platforms
For Streaming Platforms
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Solutions
Solutions
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Turn online retail and marketplaces into a thriving ads business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ad platform
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Solutions
Solutions
For Marketers
Moloco Ads - Grow your app on the open internet
For Publishers
Moloco SDK - Maximize your app's revenue
For Retailers/Marketplaces
Moloco Commerce Media - Build your own performance ads business
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Streaming Monetization - Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Solutions
Solutions
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Retailers/Marketplaces
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Ads for Agencies
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Moloco SDK
Maximize your app's revenue
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco SDK Help Center
Moloco Commerce Media
Build your own performance ads business
Case studies, blogs, reports
Commerce Media GrowthU
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Moloco Streaming
Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Case studies, blogs, reports
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Commerce Media GrowthU
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
English
한국어
简体中文
日本語
Français
Deutsch
Contact us
Join us as Moloco takes the stage for Advertising Week NYC 2024, Oct 7-10
English
한국어
简体中文
日本語
Français
Deutsch
Products
Grow your users through performance advertising
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Monetize your commerce platform
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Launch a full-funnel advertising business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Solutions
For Mobile App Marketers
For Agency Partners
For Commerce Platforms
For Streaming Platforms
Solutions
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Commerce Media
Turn online retail and marketplaces into a thriving ads business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ad platform
Solutions
For Marketers
Moloco Ads - Grow your app on the open internet
For Publishers
Moloco SDK - Maximize your app's revenue
For Retailer/Marketplaces
Moloco Commerce Media - Build your own performance ads business
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Streaming Monetization - Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Solutions
Back
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Ads for Agencies
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Back
Moloco SDK
Maximize your app's revenue
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco SDK Help Center
Back
Moloco Commerce Media
Build your own performance ads business
Case studies, blogs, reports
Commerce Media GrowthU+
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Back
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Case studies, blogs, reports
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Retailer/Marketplaces
For Streaming Platforms
Resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Commerce Media GrowthU
Company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Effective Date: February 27, 2025
Moloco's privacy policy
Moloco Inc Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to personal information processed by Moloco Inc. (“Moloco,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) through our website
https://www.moloco.com/
and related Moloco offerings. To make this Privacy Notice easier to read, our website and related offerings are collectively called the “Services.”
An Important Note: Except as otherwise stated, this Privacy Notice does not apply to any of the personal information that Moloco’s products or services process, including Moloco’s demand-side platform offering. For details about the personal information Moloco processes via its demand-side platform, please visit the Moloco
Demand-Side Platform Privacy Notice
.
Personal information we collect
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with our Services.
‍
Information you provide to us:
‍
‍
Account information.
If you create an account with Moloco, we will collect personal information such as your name and email address in order to provision your account.
‍
‍
Your communications with us
. We collect personal information from you such as your email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about or a demo of our products and services, sign up for marketing from us, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
‍
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Interactive features
. We may offer interactive features such as blogs and social media pages. We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes.
Conferences, trade shows, and other events.
We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect personal information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Moloco. If you provide us with any information at one of these events, we will use it for the purposes for which it was collected.
Business development and strategic partnerships.
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
‍
Job applications.
We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment with Moloco.
‍
Information collected automatically
Automatic data collection. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address), Internet service provider, mobile carrier, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, information about how you interact with the Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use the Services.
Cookies, pixel tags/web beacons, and analytics information.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your device that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about engagement on the Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Analytics
. We may process analytics information on our Services, including through the use of Technologies.
For more information about our use of cookies and other Technologies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
‍
Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from third party services and organizations.
How we use your information
We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including:
To Provide the Services or Information Requested, such as:
Fulfilling our contract with you;
Responding to questions, comments, and other requests;
Allowing you to register for events;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; and
Answering requests for customer or technical support.
Administrative Purposes, such as:
Pursuing legitimate interests, such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Improving the Services;
Developing new products and services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
Carrying out audits;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and Privacy Notice changes;
Preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforcing our agreements; and
Complying with our legal obligations.
Marketing our products and services.
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth below.
Consent
. We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
How we use cookies and other technologies
. For more information about how we use cookies and other Technologies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Use of de-identified and aggregated information
. We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use and disclose such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes.
Share content with friends or colleagues
. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
Disclosing your information to third parties
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Moloco customers.
If you access our Services as an authorized user of one of Moloco’s customers, the Moloco customer may access information associated with your use of the Services including usage data and the contents of the communications and files associated with your account. Your personal information may also be subject to the Moloco customer’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the Moloco customer’s processing of your personal information.
Service providers.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) marketing and advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services.
Business partners.
We may provide personal information to business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Affiliates.
We may share personal information with Moloco’s affiliated entities.
Advertising partners.
Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions in our
Cookie Policy
.
Disclosures to protect us or others.
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
International data transfers
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.
Your choices
General.
You may be able to opt out of certain uses of your personal information.
Email communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Notice).
“Do Not Track”.
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Your privacy rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
Data retention
We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
SUPPLEMENTAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
This Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Moloco has collected about them and whether Moloco disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of personal information collected by Moloco
Identifiers
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity
Professional or employment-related information
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Categories of third parties personal information is disclosed to for a business purpose
Service providers
Advertising networks
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above.
“Sales” of personal information under the CCPA
For purposes of the CCPA, Moloco does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Additional privacy rights for California residents
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth below.
Verification
. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include confirming the email address associated with any personal information we have about you.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Security of your information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
Third party websites/applications
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third party websites or applications is at your own risk.
Children's information
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Notice if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Notice takes effect.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
Attn: Privacy Group
Moloco Inc.
601 Marshall St, 5th Floor
Redwood City, CA 94063
privacy@moloco.com
UK GDPR Representative: Moloco UK Limited, with registered address No.1 London Bridge, London, SE1 9BG
‍
EU GDPR Representative: Moloco Germany GmbH, with registered address Am Zirkus 2, 10117 Berlin
‍
‍
‍
‍
Sub-policy 16
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy:
Home
/
Privacy and Terms
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
The Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy applies to personal data that we process through Pangle (as defined below), where you access our site because you are already a partner of ours or are interested in becoming a partner of ours (“Partner”). For this purpose we define you as a “Account Holder”. This privacy policy will also apply if you are a visitor to this site for non-Account-holder purposes and you are not an end-user who interacts with Pangle through our Partners  mobile applications and/or websites that have integrated Pangle s advertising platform (“End User”). For this purpose we define you as a “Site Visitor”.
Last updated: 23 July 2021
I. Who we are and who this applies to
I.1 We are Bytedance Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in Singapore whose registered office is at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583 (" we", "our" or " us"). This Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains who we are, how we collect, process, store, use, transfer, share and disclose ("process") personal data about you, and how you can exercise your data privacy rights.
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "Agree" button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
I.4 If you have any questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
II. What is Pangle
II.1 Pangle is a mobile advertising platform, including support systems and services operated by Bytedance ("Pangle"). Pangle enables advertisers to serve advertisements on third party mobile applications and/or websites. We process personal data of Account Holders as described in this Privacy Policy.
III. What personal data we process
III.1 The types of personal data that we process depend on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the services requested or transaction undertaken for our Partners.
III.2 When you create an Account with Pangle, we process certain information about you. This information may be collected directly from you or your authorised representatives, or when you interact with Pangle (for example, in the course of obtaining services from Pangle).
III.3 To register as an Account Holder, we require certain personal data from you. If you choose not to provide such data, you may not be able to utilize the services provided by us.
III.4 The information that we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
a. Identity and contact information: We may process identity information that you provide to us when registering for an Account or using our services, such as your name, email address, contact number and address and bank account details. If you are an individual, we may also process your government-issued tax identification number in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Account information: We may process information about you which is associated with your Account, such as your username and password and IP address.
c. Newsletter details: If you sign up to receive our newsletter, we may process certain personal data about you which you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter. This includes your name, email address, company name and job title.
d. Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit the Pangle website. Such information includes:
i. Identifiers and device information. We automatically log your IP address and collect information regarding the device you are using to visit the Pangle website such as the model of your device, your browser information, system language setting, your screen resolution and operating system.
ii. Usage data. We automatically log your activity on the Pangle website, including the content you view on the Pangle website, how long you spent viewing such content, the URL of the website from which you came to our site, and other details about your use of and actions on the Pangle website.
iii. Location data. We collect information about your location based on your IP address.
e. Cookies: We use strictly necessary Cookies that are required for the operation of the Pangle website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Pangle website. We also use analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Pangle website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Pangle website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
IV. How we use personal data
IV.1 We process personal data of our Account Holders for the following purposes:
a. To manage your Account: To register you or the company you work with as a Partner, to manage your Account (including managing payments) and your relationship with us.
b. To provide you with our services: To perform our obligations in relation to Pangle and the services we provide to the Partner you represent.
c. To send you promotional material: To send you information about our events, announcements, promotions or other marketing campaigns. If required by law this will be subject to your permission.
d. To verify or maintain the quality of Pangle and improve, upgrade or enhance Pangle: For example, (i) for audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our advertising services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly; and (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.
e. To provide you with our newsletter: If you have signed up to receive our newsletter, we will only use the details you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter for the purposes of providing you with the newsletter.
f. For compliance with legal obligations: To comply with legal obligations that apply to us, for example to respond to law enforcement requests.
g. For any other purpose to which you consent: To use your personal data for any other purpose to which you have provided consent.
h. To contact you: To contact you in relation to any of the above.
i. For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes.
IV.2 In general, we will process personal data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that are explained to you at the time your personal data is collected. However, we may also use your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
V. Who we share your personal data with
V.1 We may share your personal data for the purposes described above in this Privacy Policy with the following categories of recipients:
a. Our affiliates: We share personal data with our affiliates to help operate Pangle.
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise permitted or required under applicable data protection law.
VI. How we keep your personal data secure
VI.1 We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
VII. International data transfers
VII.1 Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located or in which your personal data was collected. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of such country unless we have taken measures necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, and in any case to a recipient that has comparable privacy protections in place.
VII.2 Specifically, our servers are located in the United States of America and Singapore, and our group companies operate around the world. This means that we may process your personal data in any of these countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VIII. Data retention
VIII.1 We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with services so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and exercise our rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide services to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or as necessary to comply with the law.
VIII.2 When we have no ongoing legitimate business or legal need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives or the law requires otherwise), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
IX. Your data protection rights
IX.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
IX.2 You can request to access, correct or delete your personal data by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country.
X. Updates to this Privacy Policy
X.1 This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Policy.
X.2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, in accordance with applicable law.
X.3 You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, however we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly and your continued use of Pangle will constitute your acceptance to the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use Pangle.
XI. How to contact us
XI.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details below.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland: europe_privacy@pangleglobal.com
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in any other part of the world: privacy@pangleglobal.com.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil: americas_privacy@pangleglobal.com
XII. Language
XII.1 This Privacy Policy is made in English and translations into other languages may be provided. In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version will prevail to the extent permitted by the prevailing laws.
Jurisdiction-specific terms
For individuals located in Israel:
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section III. What personal data we process:
III.5 You are under no legal obligation to provide us any personal data.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section VII. International Data Transfers:
VII.3 You hereby consent to the transfer of your personal data as set out in this Section VII.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section IX. Your data protection rights:
IX.3 You have the right to appeal the refusal of Pangle to comply with your request to exercise your rights in a court of competent jurisdiction.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
The following paragraph shall replace section IV, g of this Privacy Policy:
g. For any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law: To use your personal data for any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section V, b of this Privacy Policy:
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section I, 1.2 and 1.3 of this Privacy Policy:
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "I understand"button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Pangle s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 (six)  months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
The following paragraph shall be added under section VII. International Data Transfers:
7.3 Where you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and we transfer your personal data outside of these regions, we do so on the basis that either the recipient country’s data protection laws have been deemed adequate by the European Commission or through the use of safeguards such as the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries, or in line with any other legally approved mechanism approved. For further details contact us using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
9.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
a. Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
b. Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
c. Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or fix your data.
d. Portability: You can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in a machine-readable form.
e. Object or Restrict Use of Data and Withdraw Consent: You can ask us to stop using some or all of your data, e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it. You can ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; withdraw your consent or ask us to stop making any automatic individual decisions, including profiling. If you object to such processing, we ask you to share the reason for your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing.
f. Complain: The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
9.2 For further information, contact us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country. If you have made a specific request to us, and do not provide personal data that we can use to identify you we will be unable to fulfil your request.
The following paragraph shall be added as section XII of this Privacy Policy:
XII. Legal basis
XII.1 In the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom we must have a legal basis to process your personal data. For users located in these regions, we will make the platform available to you on the basis of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for other processing of your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. If we process your personal data in our legitimate interests, such as for security and product improvement purposes, this interest will normally be to provide an effective, secure and dynamic platform.
XII.2 In some cases, we process your data to comply with our legal obligations, with your consent or where it is in the vital interests of you or another person.
XII.3 If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
By Clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of
Cookies
on your device to enhance your user experience.
Accept all
Reject all
Sub-policy 17
https://persona.ly/en/privacy_policy:
Privacy Policies
Click Here to read our DSP Privacy Policy
Click Here to read our SDK Privacy Policy
Information Security
Click here to read our Information Security Overview
Click here to read more about our compliance with the GDPR
Sub-policy 18
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective April 7, 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until April 7, 2025,
here
.
Privacy Policy
Effective: April 7, 2025
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the
Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control Over Your Information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update, and delete your information, decide who can contact you, and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example,  by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can make a request in our
Download My Data
tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information We Collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat, and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our
AI Features
(content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location, and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like
private & friend stories
(My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video, or audio — so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected, and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
pixels
(small graphic data that recognize user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers), and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos, and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video), and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
, and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email, or other messaging services), and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book.
How We Use Information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalized products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e., operate, deliver, and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver, and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighborhood, content others have posted to the Map, or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalize Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalized Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory, and inform us that you’re into dogs so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalization can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers, or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favorite espresso machine, or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalization also includes tailoring your experience based on
who you interact with most and
what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like, or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritize sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalization with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images, or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalization, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality, and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy — and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor, and analyze trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends, and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g., new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviors and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity, and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful, and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts, or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts, and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community, and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating, and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies, or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners, or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
Other Purposes, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different, or otherwise specific way.
How We Share Information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include, and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside of the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Center Participants.
When you have enabled Family Center, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Learn more
.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimize the performance of ads, or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety, and Security Partners.
We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How Long We Keep Your Information
In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (
unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it
). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
— like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself.
Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat).
Learn more
.
Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others.
Take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Europe
Mexico
South Korea
Turkey
United States
Note:
The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our Audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here
or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
? You can contact us
here
.
Sub-policy 19
https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/privacy:
Legal Statements
Terms
Privacy Policy
Business Products (Data) Terms
Ad Serving Policy
Video Generator User Agreement
Territory Specifics
Sub-policy 20
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 21
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 22
https://vungle.com/privacy/:

Sub-policy 23
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Catch up on re:Invent
|  Watch the latest keynotes on-demand. Explore Videos Now »
Data Privacy Center
Earning trust through transparency
Overview
At AWS, earning and maintaining customer trust is the foundation of our business. We earn this trust in the privacy space by working to meet our customers’ needs and by being transparent in our privacy commitments. AWS offers services, tooling, and resources to help you control and protect your data so that you can implement privacy protections based on your specific industry requirements. We provide a wide variety of resources that you can leverage to protect your data, such as the
Security Pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework
and
privacy whitepapers
.
Learn more
You control your data. You determine who can access your data. Using AWS Regions, you control where your data is stored, based on your specific needs. We make it easier for you to encrypt your data in transit and at rest. We do not access, use, or share customer data without your agreement, except as required to prevent fraud and abuse, or to comply with law, as described in our
Customer Agreement
.
We support the highest privacy standards and compliance certifications to help our customers satisfy their requirements. AWS has achieved internationally recognized certifications and accreditations for compliance with privacy assurance frameworks, such as
ISO 27017
for cloud security,
ISO 27701
for privacy information management, and
ISO 27018
for cloud privacy.
We continuously raise the bar on privacy safeguards with services and features that let you to implement your own privacy controls, including advanced access, encryption, and logging features. At AWS, we implement consistent and scalable processes to manage privacy considerations, including how data is collected, used, accessed, stored, and deleted.
Our contracts are written in plain, straightforward language to be transparent and help you understand the data privacy protections that we offer. We also provide ongoing
data transparency reporting
describing the frequency of government information requests.
Privacy Controls and Certifications
Customers around the world—from startups and governments to highly regulated industries—trust AWS with their most sensitive content and applications, including the personal data they need to run their operations. We implement privacy controls and processes that benefit every AWS customer.
We have developed a security assurance program that uses best practices for global privacy and data protection to help you operate securely within AWS, and to make the best use of our control environment. AWS is compliant with a range of global standards and certifications most important to our customers, including validations from trusted third-party auditors. This compliance provides customers with additional assurance that they can use AWS to meet their privacy needs and the requirements of their auditors.
Learn more about Compliance Programs
Differential Privacy
Differential Privacy
Cryptographic Computing
Cryptographic computing enables computation on cryptographically protected data, providing you a broad range of privacy preserving techniques including secure multi-party computation, homomorphic encryption, privacy preserving federated learning, and searchable encryption. AWS cryptography tools and services utilize a wide range of encryption and storage technologies that can help you protect your data at rest and in transit. At AWS, customers can use
Cryptographic Computing for Clean Rooms (C3R)
, a library that enables customers to collaborate with data in
AWS Clean Rooms
using a technique that allows multiple parties to jointly compute a function over their inputs while keeping those inputs private.
Learn more
Play video
Differential Privacy
Differential privacy helps protect data at the individual level by adding a controlled amount of randomness to obscure the presence or absence of any single individual in a dataset that is being analyzed.
AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy
is a capability that helps customers protect the privacy of their users with mathematically-backed and intuitive controls using just a few clicks. As a fully managed capability, no prior differential privacy experience is needed to help you prevent the re-identification of your users. AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy obfuscates the contribution of any individual’s data in generating aggregate insights in collaboration outputs and enables you to run a broad range of SQL queries to generate insights about advertising campaigns, investment decisions, clinical research, and more.
View customer stories
Privacy Features of AWS Services
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Center
Common Privacy & Data Protection Considerations
AWS Privacy Notice
Differential Privacy Publications from Amazon
AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy
Have Questions? Connect with an AWS Business Representative
Contact Us
Exploring compliance roles?
Apply today »
Want AWS Compliance updates?
Follow us on Twitter »
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Cryptographic Computing
Culture of Security
Open Source Security
Post-Quantum Cryptography
Provable Security
Ransomware Protection
Zero Trust
Close
Cloud Audit Academy
Compliance Overview
Compliance Programs
Services in Scope
Shared Responsibility Model
Close
Data Protection
Data Privacy Center
Digital Sovereignty
Close
AWS Marketplace
Digital Sovereignty Competency
MSSP
MSSP Competency
Partner Resources
Security Competency
Close
Confidential Computing
Customer Success Stories
Security Best Practices
Security Bulletins
Security Content
Security Learning
Sub-policy 24
https://www.salesforce.com/ap/company/privacy/:
Skip to content
Our Story
Global Offices
Privacy Policy
Legal
Our Story
Global Offices
Privacy Policy
Learn more
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement (Bahasa Indonesia)
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
COMPLIANCE CONTACT INFORMATION
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
When you use and interact with our websites or services, communicate with us, visit our offices or attend our events, among other activities further described within the full Privacy Statement, we may collect, use, share and process information relating to you ("Personal Data"). These Privacy Statement Highlights summarize our Personal Data processing practices and your related rights.
Important information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located
here
. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalized advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimize the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to maintain the security of Salesforce and its services;
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with?
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or  jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Protection of EU Personal Data One-Pager
Your rights relating to your Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at +1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following
website
.
Learn about our commitment to privacy protection
Privacy Statement highlights
At Salesforce, trust is our #1 value. This Privacy Statement describes how Salesforce collects, uses, shares or otherwise processes information relating to individuals (“Personal Data”) and the rights associated with that processing.
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities (“Salesforce, “we”, “us”, or the “Company”)  are responsible for the processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement, unless specified otherwise, and act as the controller of such Personal Data. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located
here
.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including where we offer to our customers various products and services through which our customers (or their affiliates): (i) create their own websites and applications running on our platforms; (ii) sell or offer their own products and services; (iii) send electronic communications to others; or (iv) otherwise collect, use, share or process Personal Data via our products and services.
For detailed privacy information related to a Salesforce customer or a customer affiliate who uses Salesforce products and services as the controller, please contact our customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. For more information, please also see Section 10.3 below.
This Privacy Statement applies to the processing of Personal Data collected by us when you:
Visit our websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement;
Visit our branded social media pages;
Visit our offices;
Receive communications from us or otherwise communicate with us, including but not limited to emails, phone calls, texts or faxes;
Use our products and services where we act as a controller of your Personal Data;
Register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars, programs, trainings, certifications or contests;
Act as or work for a service provider or supplier to Salesforce, to the extent Salesforce acts as a controller with respect to your Personal Data;
Are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us in our capacity as a controller (for example, during the contracting process);
Participate in a Salesforce community such as that focused on open source development; or
Participate in surveys, research or other similar data collection facilitated by us.
We also host several online marketplaces such as AppExchange, which is an online marketplace for on-demand web applications that run on the Salesforce platform and that may be provided by us or by third parties (see
https://appexchange.salesforce.com/
), Tableau’s Extension Gallery (
https://extensiongallery.tableau.com
) which offers connectors and solutions that provide additional functionality for Tableau, such as dashboard extensions, and the Slack App Directory (
https://tinyspeck.slack.com/apps
), which offers number applications that integrate with Slack. When applications, connectors, extensions or other solutions are provided by us and they link to this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement applies. When these offerings are provided by third parties, the privacy statement of the third party applies and this Privacy Statement does not.
Our websites and services may contain links to other websites, applications, platforms and services maintained by third parties. The information practices of these third parties, including the social media platforms that host our branded social media pages, are governed by their privacy statements, which you should review to better understand their privacy practices
In some circumstances, we also collect, or our partners provide us with, publicly available information which may contain Personal Data that you have published or that has been made available online. The way in which our partners collect this is detailed in their own privacy policies, available on their websites.
3.1 Personal Data we collect directly from you
The Personal Data we collect directly from you may include identifiers, professional or employment-related information, financial account information, commercial information, visual information, and internet activity information, among others. We may collect such information in the following situations:
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data, or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data.  We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
We use common information-gathering tools, such as tools for collecting data, cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to collect information that may contain Personal Data as you navigate our websites, our services, or interact with emails we have sent to you.
4.1 Device and Usage Data
As is true of most websites, we gather certain device information when individual users visit our websites. This information may include identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server information), device and application information, identification numbers and features, location, browser type, plug-ins, integrations, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, searches, referring website, app or ad, operating system, system configuration information, advertising and language preferences, date and time stamps associated with your usage, and frequency of visits to the websites. This information is used for the purposes set out in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below.
In addition, we gather certain information as part of your use of our products and services (“Usage Data”). This information may include: (i) identifiers, such as user ID, organization ID, username, email address and user type; (ii) commercial information; and (iii) internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server), mobile device number, device and application identification numbers, location, language, browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, user interactions such as the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our products and product versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in detail in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. In addition, we may use aggregated Usage Data for other internal business purposes, such as to identify additional customer opportunities and to ensure that we are meeting the demands of our customers and their users. Please note that this Usage Data is primarily used to identify the uniqueness of each user logging on (as opposed to specific individuals), apart from where it is strictly required to identify an individual for security purposes or as required as part of our provision of the services to our customers. For more information regarding Tableau specifically, please see
here
and
here
. When data is used for controller purposes, Slack may refer to the aforementioned categories of personal data as Other Information within Slack’s websites.
4.2 Cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our website and in email communications
We use technologies such as web beacons, pixels, tags, and JavaScript, alone or in conjunction with cookies, to gather information about the use of our websites and how people interact with our emails.
When you visit our websites, we, or an authorized third party, may place a cookie on your device that collects information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track use, infer browsing preferences, and improve and customize your browsing experience.
We use both session-based and persistent cookies on our websites. Session-based cookies exist only during a single session and disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off the device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn your device off. To change your cookie settings and preferences for one of our websites, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. You can also control the use of cookies on your device, but choosing to disable cookies on your device may limit your ability to use some features on our websites and services.
We also use web beacons and pixels on our websites and in emails. For example, we may place a pixel in a marketing email that notifies us when you click on a link in the email. We use these technologies to operate and improve our websites and marketing emails. – please see more details in the “Advertising Cookies” row in the table below. For instructions on how to unsubscribe from our marketing emails, please see Section 10.4 below.
The following describes how we use different categories of cookies and similar technologies and your options for managing the data collection settings of these technologies:
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
.
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
).  To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
We collect and process your Personal Data (including, where legally permissible, special categories of Personal Data) for the following purposes and relying on the following legal bases:
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalized advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimizing the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to develop, optimize, and improve the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalized interactions
We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your Personal Data with your employer.
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
We may share your Personal Data as follows:
Service providers: With our contracted service providers, who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, events planning, customer support and data enrichment for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5. Contracted service providers may also deliver artificial intelligence and generative artificial intelligence capabilities to analyze data, determine trends, make predictions and create AI-generated responses or other content for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5;
Salesforce affiliates: With affiliates within the Salesforce corporate group and companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Salesforce corporate group, to the extent such sharing of data is necessary to fulfill a request you have submitted via our websites or for customer support, marketing, technical operations, event registration and account management purposes. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located
here
;
Event sponsors: If you attend an event or webinar organized by us, or download or access an asset on our website, we may share your Personal Data with sponsors of the event. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your information to be shared, you may choose to not opt-in via event/webinar registration or elect to not have your badge scanned, or you can opt-out in accordance with Section 10 below;
Partners: With specific partners that offer supplementary services to those provided by Salesforce, such as partners that offer sustainability resources, or that resell Salesforce services, to the extent you consent to such sharing (where required by applicable law);
Customers with whom you are affiliated and the applicable partner responsible for access to your services: If you use our services as an authorized user, we may share your Personal Data with your affiliated customer and/or the applicable partner responsible for your access to the services to the extent this is necessary for verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, or enforcing our terms and policies;
Contest and promotion sponsors: With sponsors of contests or promotions for which you register in order to fulfill the contest or promotion;
Third party networks and websites: With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites, so that Salesforce can market and advertise on third party platforms and websites;
Salesforce-affiliated App Exchange partners: Specifically in relation to the AppExchange website, if you choose to interact with or use third-party tools, we may share your Personal Data with our third party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services in accordance with law or our contractual commitments;
Professional advisers: In individual instances, we may share your Personal Data with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, or joint controllers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Personal Data;
Third parties involved in a corporate transaction: If we are involved in a merger, reorganization, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change, or sell a website or business unit, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party. In accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any transfer of Personal Data to an unaffiliated third party;
Third party accounts: In relation to Tableau, if you connect to your third party accounts through our products, we will use that information to authenticate you, enumerate the data sources available to you, download any data you request us to, and download and refresh authentication tokens or persist authentication information such as user names and passwords as necessary to continue to connect to these data; and
Public authorities: With public and government authorities, to the extent we are compelled to disclose Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations.
We may also share aggregated Usage Data with Salesforce’s service providers for the purpose of helping Salesforce in such analysis and improvements. Additionally, Salesforce may share Usage Data on an aggregate basis in the normal course of operating our business; for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
Anyone using our communities, forums, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites may read any Personal Data or other information you choose to submit and post.
For more information on the recipients of your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third-parties disclosed in Section 6, above, that are based in other countries.
Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places  that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature or regulator, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators. Where required by applicable law, we will only share, transfer or store your Personal Data outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent.
Our websites and services are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data for children between 13-18 unless we have obtained consent from a parent or guardian or such collection is subject to a separate agreement with us or the visit by a child is unsolicited or incidental. If you believe we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected Personal Data of a minor without appropriate consent please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below and we will take steps to delete their Personal Data from our systems.
We may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection (see Section 5 above) or as long as required to fulfill our legal obligations. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal Data, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation).
After expiry of the applicable retention periods, your Personal Data will be deleted. If there is any data that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will implement appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such data.
For more information on data retention periods, please contact us by using the information in the Section 13 below.
10.1 Your rights
You may have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("Automated Decision-Making");
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal; and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
Where we process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes or share it with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection.
Please note that Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our websites or in our services.
10.2 How to exercise your rights
To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Your Personal Data may be processed in responding to these rights. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive. If you are an employee of a Salesforce customer, we recommend you contact your employer’s system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
Some registered users may update their user settings, profiles, organization settings and event registrations by logging into their accounts and editing their settings or profiles.
To update your billing information, discontinue your account or request return or deletion of your Personal Data and other information associated with your account, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
10.3 Your rights relating to customer data
As described above, we may also process Personal Data submitted by or for a customer to our products and services. To this end, if not stated otherwise in this Privacy Statement or in a separate disclosure, we process such Personal Data as a processor on behalf of our customer (and its affiliates) who is the controller of the Personal Data (see Section 1 above). We are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. If your data has been submitted to us in our role as a processor by or on behalf of a Salesforce customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with them directly. Because we may only access a customer’s data upon their instructions, if you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide us the name of the Salesforce customer who submitted your data to us. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
10.4 Your preferences for email and SMS marketing communications
If we process your Personal Data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications from Salesforce by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of Salesforce marketing emails, by replying or texting ‘STOP’ if you receive Salesforce SMS communications, or by unsubscribing
here
. Please note that, notwithstanding the above, you will continue to receive marketing and non-transactional communications from CMO Club unless you manage your receipt of such communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of CMO Club’s marketing emails.
You may also turn off push notifications on Salesforce apps on your device, or unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “Contacting us” section, below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
10.5 Your preferences for telemarketing communications
If you want your phone number to be added to our internal Do-Not-Call telemarketing register, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Please include your first name, last name, company and the phone number you wish to add to our Do-Not-Call register.
Alternatively, you can always let us know during a telemarketing call that you do not want to be called again for marketing purposes.
We take appropriate precautions including organizational, technical, and physical measures to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the Personal Data we process or use.
While we follow generally accepted standards to protect Personal Data, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions. If you have any questions about the security of our websites, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors. If we do, we will update the “effective date” at the top. If we make a material update, we may provide you with notice prior to the update taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our website or by contacting you directly, or where required under applicable law and feasible, seek your consent to these changes.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed about our collection, processing and sharing of your Personal Data.
Salesforce has appointed a Data Protection Officer and, in India, a Grievance Officer. To exercise your rights regarding your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at +1-855-938-3410, or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team)
415 Mission St, 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.  If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following
website
.
We participate in both the APEC CBPR and APEC PRP system. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed to your satisfaction, please contact our third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act) requires businesses to disclose whether they sell or share Personal Data. As a business covered by the CCPA, we do not sell Personal Data.  We may share Personal Data (in the form of identifiers and internet activity information) with third party advertisers for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect Personal Data from our sites or services if those third parties are authorized service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data, or if you use Salesforce sites or services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties.
California law requires that we detail the categories of Personal Data that we disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in Sections 5 and 6 of this Privacy Statement. We disclose the following categories of Personal Data for our business purposes:
Identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet activity information;
Financial information;
Professional and employment-related information;
Education information;
Geolocation data;
Audio and visual data;
In limited circumstances where allowed by law, information that may be protected characteristics under California or United States law; and
Inferences drawn from any of the above information categories.
California law grants state residents certain rights, including the rights to know and access specific types of Personal Data, to learn how we process Personal Data, to request deletion of Personal Data, to request correction of Personal Data, to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for third party advertising purposes, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and have registered for an account with us, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to our website(s). Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, because, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
For information on how to exercise your rights, please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement. If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California resident, please contact us using the information in the “Contacting Us” section above and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent.
If you would like to opt-out of shares using your cookie identifiers, turn on a Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa for more information on valid Global Privacy Controls.  If you would like to opt-out of shares using other identifiers (like email address), please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement.
We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
40
32
1
43
Requests to delete Personal Data
95
85
1
27
Objections to processing Personal Data
6
5
1
23
Requests to correct Personal Data
0
-
-
-
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.
Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2022.
We use cookies on our website to improve website performance, to analyze website usage and to tailor content and offers to your interests. 

Advertising and functional cookies are only placed with your consent. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you consent to us placing these cookies. By clicking “Do Not Accept”, you reject the usage of such cookies. We always place required cookies that do not require consent, which are necessary for the website to work properly.

For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Do Not Accept
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 25
https://docs.thinkingdata.cn/ta-manual/latest/en/installation/installation_menu/privacy.html#information-collection-and-use:
TE 使用指南
快速上手
使用手册
数据接入
开发者文档
隐私与安全
版本说明
TE 使用指南
快速上手
在正式使用
Thinking Engine（TE）前，您可以先阅读
快速上手
了解核心事项。
•
项目前期准备
•
制定埋点方案
•
数据上报并验证
•
后续使用
使用者
作为使用者，您可以通过
使用手册
对
TE
的所有功能有一个完整的认识，也可以直接定位具体模块。
•
看板
•
创建看板
•
共享看板
•
管理看板
•
报表
•
移动端
•
最佳实践
•
分析
•
基本概念
•
事件分析
•
留存分析
•
漏斗分析
•
间隔分析
•
分布分析
•
路径分析
•
属性分析
•
归因分析
•
SQL查询
•
可视化模块
•
用户列表
•
行为序列
•
最佳实践
•
运营
•
运营任务
•
运营活动
•
运营工作台
•
运营设置
•
运营任务时区
•
最佳实践
•
技术接入文档
•
用户
•
用户标签
•
用户分群
•
用户细查
•
数据
•
数据管理-事件和属性
•
数据表
•
汇率换算
•
指标
•
埋点方案
•
数据验收
•
上报统计
•
实时数据
•
Debug模式
•
三方集成
•
更多应用
•
指标预警
•
模板中心
•
日期标注
管理员
如果您需要对项目成员进行管理，或者作为超管对整个集群进行管理，以下的内容会给您带来帮助。
•
项目管理
•
项目接入
•
成员与权限管理
•
项目时区
•
项目分析主体
•
资产箱管理
•
系统管理
•
系统用量
•
成员与权限管理
•
系统配置
•
安全中心
•
系统监控
•
个人中心
技术人员
数数科技也为技术人员提供了相关的技术文档，您可以根据需要选择。
•
数据接入
•
接入前准备工作
•
客户端SDK
•
服务端SDK
•
数据导入
•
Restful API 使用指南
•
关于GDPR
•
SDK信息收集规则
•
二次开发工具
•
数据删除功能
•
元数据管理功能
•
事件数据去重功能
•
自定义数据导入
•
外部用户属性关联导入
•
删除自定义表
•
数据回溯
•
数据归档与回档
•
DataX 引擎
•
Open API
•
模型查询 API
•
数据自定义查询 API
•
用户分群 API
•
维度表 API
•
生成SQL语句 API
•
元数据管理 API
•
看板报表管理 API
•
用户管理 API
•
项目管理 API
Sub-policy 27
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 28
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 29
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 30
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496&ref_=footer_privacy:
Main content
Search
alt
+
/
Cart
shift
+
alt
+
C
Home
shift
+
alt
+
H
Orders
shift
+
alt
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
alt
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Find more solutions
Security and Privacy
›
Legal Policies
›
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
Last updated: February 14, 2025.
To see prior version,
click
here
.
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate
            your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes
            how Amazon.com and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your
            personal information through Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online
            and physical stores, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together
            "Amazon Services").
By using Amazon Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy
               Notice.
Please read our
Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures
and
Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure
for additional information about the processing of your personal data and your rights
                  under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
Related Practices and Information
Examples of Information Collected
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our
            products and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services.
                  Click
here
to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information,
                  but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of
                  Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with products, content,
                  and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use "cookies"
                  and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your
                  web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf
                  of Amazon on other websites. Our physical stores may use cameras, computer vision,
                  sensors, and other technology to gather information about your activity in the store,
                  such as the products and services you interact with. Click
here
to see examples of what we collect.
Information from Other Sources:
We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery
                  and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and
                  deliver your next purchase more easily. Click
here
to see additional examples of the information we receive.
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products
            and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services.
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and
                  services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services,
                  and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services.
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix
                  errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalization.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that
                  might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience
                  with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services.
When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images,
                  videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested
                  service to you, and improve our services. For more information about Alexa voice services
                  , click
here
.
Comply with legal obligations.
In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.
                  For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment
                  and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services
                  via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat).
Advertising.
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products,
                  and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally
                  identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our
Interest-Based Ads
notice.
Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks.
We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect
                  the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods
                  to assess and manage credit risks.
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve
            Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about
            cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookies Notice
.
Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not
            in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. We share
            customers' personal information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com,
            Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at
            least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by
                  third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products
                  from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application
                  providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services.
                  We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses,
                  such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your
                  transactions, and we share customers' personal information related to those transactions
                  with that third party.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples
                  include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal
                  mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data,
                  providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid
                  listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing
                  and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service
                  providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but
                  may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services.
                  In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business
                  assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice
                  (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event
                  that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information
                  will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate
                  to comply with the law; enforce or apply our
Conditions of Use
and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users,
                  or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations
                  for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about
            you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose
            not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by
                  using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling
                  credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the
                  collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information. Our security
                  procedures mean that we may ask to verify your identity before we disclose personal
                  information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and
                  loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs.
                  Click
here
for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and
                  to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password
                  for your Amazon account that is not used for other online accounts. Be sure to sign
                  off when finished using a shared computer. Click
here
for more information on how to sign off.
What About Advertising?
Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites:
Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and
                  apps. Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you
                  interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about
                  third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read our
Interest-Based Ads
notice. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the
Your Ads Privacy Choices
page.
Use of Third-Party Advertising Services:
We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more
                  useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share
                  your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead,
                  we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived
                  from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address.
                  For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising
                  identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download
                  the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases,
                  product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier
                  and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve
                  you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to
                  serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out
                  of personalized advertising (such as cross-context behavioral advertising) by going
                  to the
Your Ads Privacy Choices
page.
What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile
            information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your
            Account" section of the website. Click
here
for a list of examples that you can access.
What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information,
            please contact our
Customer Service
. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options
            as to how your information is being used.
As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you
                  might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in
What Information Can I Access?
. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our
                  records.
If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us, please adjust
                  your
Customer Communication Preferences
. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification
                  settings in the app or device.
You may adjust your personalized advertising preferences by visiting
Your Ads Privacy Choices
.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser
                  or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser
                  notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because
                  cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of
                  Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you
                  block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping
                  Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more
                  information about cookies and other identifiers, see our
Cookies Notice
.
If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account,
                  you may do so by logging out of your account
here
and blocking cookies on your browser.
You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store
here
, remove recommendations you don’t want to see
here
by selecting View All and Manage then selecting the Remove Items toggle that appears
                  at the top of the page, and edit your browsing history
here
.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating
                  your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and
                  Devices"), device, or application. For more information click
here
. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions
                  (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls
                  are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change
                  your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you
                  contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in
Seller Central
, update your account information by accessing your
Seller Account Information
, and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your
Notification Preferences
.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the
Author Portal
and
Author Central
by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively.
If you shop in our physical stores, you can manage how certain data is used to analyze
                  the performance of our products and services, as well as learn more
here
.
In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request
            access to or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things,
            you may go to
Data Privacy Queries
. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products
            for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with
            the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information
            from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
            For more information, please see our
Children's Privacy Disclosure
.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon.com, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension
            to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject
            to this Notice and our
Conditions of Use
, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the
            law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please
            contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business
            changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our
            websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy
            Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand
            behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies
            and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the
            past without the consent of affected customers.
Related Practices and Information
Conditions of Use
Seller Program Policies
Help pages
Most Recent Purchases
Community Guidelines
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services
You provide information to us when you:
search or shop for products or services in our stores;
add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use Amazon Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device or through a service or application
                  on a device;
provide information in
Your Account
(and you might have more than one if you have used more than one email address or
                  mobile number when shopping with us) or
Your Profile
;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with
                  an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your
Seller Account
,
Kindle Direct Publishing
account
,
Developer
account
, or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer software,
                  goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other
                  Amazon Services;
use our services such as Prime Video;
compile Playlists, Watchlists,
Wish Lists
, or other gift registries;
participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;
provide and rate
Reviews
;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ
Product Availability Alerts
, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as:
identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers;
payment information;
your age;
your location information;
your IP address;
people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses;
email addresses of your friends and other people;
content of reviews and emails to us;
personal description and photograph in
Your Profile
;
voice recordings when you speak to Alexa;
images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services;
information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver's
                        license numbers;
corporate and financial information;
credit history information; and
device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to
                        automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include:
the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet;
login, email address, and password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback
                  details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and
                  network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your
                  internet service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data,
                  and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Services metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions
                  with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information,
                  location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images
                  and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images);
version and time zone settings;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information
                  from other customers to create features like
Top Sellers
;
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our websites,
                  including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response
                  times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information
                  (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores, or stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications,
            and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties,
                  which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication
                  more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information
                  from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide
                  technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services linked with Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect
                  fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:
status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, and address
                  book);
payment settings (including payment card information, promotional certificate and
                  gift card balances, and 1-Click settings);
email notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, Special
                  Occasion Reminders and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations
                  (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and personalized
                  advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal
                  profile);
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust
                  your communications preferences, by updating your account in
Seller Central
.
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update
                  your accounts, on the
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
or
Author Central
website, as applicable.
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access
                  your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by
                  updating your accounts in the
Developer Services Portal
.
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, 
	we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All Help Topics
Legal Policies
Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure
3rd Party Licensing Notice
AMAZON INFLUENCER TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR SPONSORED CONTENT
Conditions of Use
Communications with Amazon Employees
Report Suspicious Activity
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
Amazon Group Companies
Amazon Trademark Usage Guidelines
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks
Amazon.com Gift Card and Electronic Message Customization Service Terms
Quick solutions
Your Orders
                                            Track or cancel orders
Your Orders
Track or cancel orders
Returns & Refunds
                                            Exchange or return items
Returns & Refunds
Exchange or return items
Manage Prime
                                            Cancel or view benefits
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment Settings
                                            Add or edit payment methods
Payment Settings
Add or edit payment methods
Carrier Info
                                            Shipping carrier information
Carrier Info
Shipping carrier information
Account Settings
                                            Change email or password
Account Settings
Change email or password
Sub-policy 31
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Zurück zur Startseite
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
1. Übersicht
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Druckfähige PDF-Datei herunterladen
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Aktualisierung 15. April 2024
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns, wenn Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder allgemeine Fragen zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten haben. Ihre Daten werden verwendet, damit wir die Dienste bereitstellen können. Dies erfolgt im Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den maßgeblichen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
1. Übersicht
Diese Datenschutzerklärung zielt darauf ab, Ihnen ausreichende Informationen über die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu bieten, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen und unsere Dienste nutzen (zusammenfassend die „
Dienste“)
. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen.
Die Erläuterung wichtiger Begriffe, die in der Datenschutzerklärung ansonsten nicht definiert werden, finden Sie in Abschnitt 17 (
Begriffsbestimmungen
) am Ende dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
Innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) ist
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
Datenverantwortlicher für personenbezogene Daten, die beim Besuch unserer Website, während des Anmelde- und Antragsverfahrens sowie während Ihrer fortgesetzten Nutzung der Dienste erhoben und verarbeitet werden.
Bezugnahmen auf "wir", "unser", "uns", "
PayPal
" oder "
PayPal-Unternehmen
" in dieser Datenschutzerklärung bezeichnen PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. sowie die Gruppe der Unternehmen, die jeweils die einzelnen Unternehmen direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert, von ihnen kontrolliert wird oder sich mit ihnen in gemeinsamem Besitz befindet.
Einige der Dritten, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, sind unabhängige Datenverantwortliche. Das bedeutet, dass wir nicht diejenigen sind, die bestimmen, wie die von uns weitergegebenen Daten verarbeitet werden. Beispiele sind Behörden, Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute. Wenn Ihre Daten an unabhängige Datenverantwortliche weitergegeben werden, gelten deren Datenrichtlinien. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, ihre Datenschutzerklärungen zu lesen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte zu kennen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei der Übermittlung außerhalb des EWR, Großbritanniens und der Schweiz schützen, finden Sie in Abschnitt 8 (
Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
)
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
Der Zugriff auf unsere Dienste ist auch für Personen ohne PayPal-Konto oder PayPal-Profil möglich. Auch wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, ohne Inhaber eines Kontos zu sein, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein bei der Nutzung der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto", von markenlosen Zahlungsdiensten (wie z.B. Braintree) oder beim Empfang von Zahlungen von Kontoinhabern über unsere Dienste. Der Begriff "Nutzer" bezieht sich daher gleichermaßen auf Personen mit und ohne Konto. Haben Sie kein Konto, erfolgt die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zur Bereitstellung der Dienste und nach Maßgabe dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den jeweiligen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
Wir erheben die folgenden Datenkategorien über Sie, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Benutzererfahrung kontinuierlich zu verbessern und unser Geschäft zu betreiben und weiterzuentwickeln. Die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, werden nachstehend erläutert.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Ihnen
erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihre Interaktionen mit uns und Ihre Nutzung der Dienste:
Anmelde- und Kontaktdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Ihren Namen, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Einkommen, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihre Steuernummer, Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, Informationen über Ihren Beruf, Ihr Beschäftigungsverhältnis oder Ihr Geschäft sowie sonstige Informationen, die zur Einrichtung eines Kontos erforderlich sind.
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Daten, um Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihren amtlichen Ausweis, Ihr Alter und Ihre biometrischen Daten zu überprüfen sowie um Ihre elektronische Unterschrift zu erstellen und auszustellen.
Zahlungsinformationen
. Informationen, wie etwa der von Ihnen gesendete oder angeforderte Betrag, Ihr Zahlungsinstrument, Ihre in Verbindung mit den Diensten verwendete Karte oder Zahlungsquelle, einschließlich der Bezeichnung des Ausstellers, des Kartentyps, des Ländercodes, der Kontonummer des Zahlungskontos, des CVV, des Benutzernamens sowie IBAN-Informationen.
Informationen zu Ihren importierten Kontakten
. Wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Ihre Kontaktlisten zu importieren, erfassen wir Informationen, die Sie über Ihre Kontakte eingeben oder importieren, wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer, Bilder, E-Mail-Adresse oder Benutzernamen, die mit den importierten oder manuell eingegebenen Kontakten verknüpft sind.
Daten in Ihrem Kontoprofil.
Informationen, die Sie freiwillig eingeben, wie etwa Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Mobiltelefonnummer, Ihr Profilbild, Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder die Beschreibung Ihrer Person, die sensible personenbezogene Daten enthalten kann, welche Aufschluss über religiöse Überzeugungen, politische oder philosophische Ansichten, Behinderungen, sexuelle Orientierung sowie biometrische Daten geben. Sie können Ihr Profil jederzeit als "privat" kennzeichnen.
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
. Informationen, die Sie offenlegen, wenn Sie an Umfragen teilnehmen oder unsere Kundendienstteams kontaktieren, wie z. B. von Ihnen genutzte Dienste, aufgezeichnete Gespräche, Chat-Gespräche mit uns, E-Mail-Korrespondenz mit uns, Kontostatus, Rückzahlungsverlauf, Spracherkennung. Dies kann Informationen über andere beinhalten, wenn Sie diese mit uns teilen.
Gerätedaten.
Dies sind Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erhoben werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder die Dienste genutzt wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem der Typ, die Netzwerkverbindungen, der Name, die IP-Adresse und Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts sowie Informationen zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Abgeleitete Daten.
Wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, können wir aus Ihren Transaktionen und personenbezogenen Daten gegebenenfalls weitere Daten ableiten. Dies erfolgt unter anderem, um Ihr Konto zu schützen und Sie bei der Nutzung der Dienste vor Betrug zu bewahren. Zu den abgeleiteten Daten können beispielsweise Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben, Browsing- und Kaufgewohnheiten sowie Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit gehören.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Dritten
erhoben werden, einschließlich von Identitätsprüfern, Datenbrokern, Anbietern, die uns bei der Betrugserkennung helfen, Ihrer Bank, Händlern oder Drittanbieterplattformen, über die Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Daten aus den von Ihnen verknüpften Drittkonten
. Wenn Sie ein Finanzkonto oder ein Konto ohne Finanzbezug verknüpfen, wie z.B. Ihr persönliches E-Mail-Konto, Ihre Konten in sozialen Medien oder Ihre Bank- oder Kreditkonten, erheben wir Informationen, die mit dem angegebenen Zweck in Verbindung stehen, zu dem die Verknüpfung erfolgt ist. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise für die Teilnahme an
Open Banking
entscheiden, erheben wir von Ihren verknüpften Konten die Kontoanmeldedaten, Kontostände, Kontotransaktionen und Informationen über Ihre finanzielle Situation. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung zur Nutzung dieser Funktion jederzeit ändern und die Verknüpfung mit den betreffenden Konten aufheben.
Informationen von Auskunfteien
. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig, erfassen wir im Rahmen Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste kreditbezogene Informationen wie ausstehende und historische Schulden, Rückzahlungshistorie, frühere Kreditgenehmigungen, aktuelle Arbeitsverhältnisse und Beziehungen zu anderen Finanzinstituten.
Transaktionsdaten
. Informationen zu Ihren Bestelldetails und Einkäufen, wie z.B. Artikelbeschreibung, Menge, Preis, Währung, Lieferadresse, Online-Warenkorbinformationen, Verkäufer- und Käuferinformationen und Zahlungsinformationen. Dazu gehören Informationen aus Ihren Transaktionen, bei denen Sie unsere Dienste ohne ein PayPal-Konto nutzen (z. B. Zahlen ohne PayPal-Konto).
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
. In Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht (u.a. Gesetz zur Geldwäscheprävention) können dies Informationen aus externen Sanktionslisten wie Name, Geburtsdatum, Geburtsort, Beruf und der Grund, warum die betreffende Person auf der betreffenden Liste steht, umfassen.
Anwendungen von Drittanbietern
. Informationen von anderen aus Ihrer Nutzung von Anwendungen von Drittanbietern, wie dem Apple App Store oder Google Play Store, sozialen Netzwerken, wie Name, Ihre soziale Netzwerk-ID, Standortinformationen, E-Mail, Geräte-ID, Browser-ID und Profilbild. Ihre Nutzung von Anwendungen Dritter unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung und den Nutzungsbedingungen für solche Anwendungen.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die durch Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien sowie von Ihren Geräten automatisch über Sie erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihren Zugriff auf unsere Website oder PayPal-App:
Technische Nutzungsdaten
. Informationen über die Antwortzeit für Webseiten, Download-Fehler und Datum und Uhrzeit Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes, wie z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Statistiken darüber, wie Seiten geladen oder angezeigt werden, die Websites, die Sie besucht haben, bevor Sie auf die Websites gelangten, und andere Nutzungs- und Browsing-Informationen, die durch Cookies erhoben werden ("
Technische Nutzungsdaten
").
Informationen von Ihrem Gerät
. Informationen über Ihre Spracheinstellungen, IP-Adresse, Browser-ID, Geräte-ID, Cookie-Einstellungen, Zeitzone, Betriebssystem, Plattform, Bildschirmauflösung und ähnliche Informationen über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen sowie Daten, die von Cookies oder anderen Tracking-Technologien erfasst werden,
Standortinformationen
. Informationen aus IP-basierter Geolokalisierung wie Breiten- und Längengraddaten und Global Positioning System (GPS)-Informationen, wenn Sie uns über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen die Erlaubnis erteilen.
Abgeleitete Daten
. Rückschlüsse, die gezogen werden, um ein Profil über Sie zu erstellen, das Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben wie Geschlecht, Einkommen, Surf- und Kaufgewohnheiten und Kreditwürdigkeit widerspiegeln kann.
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
Die
Verarbeitung
Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten kann aus einer Vielzahl von Gründen erfolgen, die nach dem maßgeblichen Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU), Großbritanniens und der Schweiz und unter Beachtung der nachstehenden Rechtsgrundlagen zulässig sind:
Wir erheben die folgenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir für
erforderlich halten, um unsere vorvertraglichen und vertraglichen Verpflichtungen
Ihnen gegenüber zu erfüllen, und ohne die Sie die Dienste nicht nutzen können.
Zu diesen erforderlichen Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten gehören:
Informationen zu Ihrer Registrierung und Kontaktinformationen
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
Zahlungsinformationen
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
Transaktionsdaten
Tracking von Paketen
Dienstspezifische personenbezogene Daten
Informationen von Auskunfteien und Finanzinstituten
Informationen aus Ihren verbundenen Finanzkonten
Daten aus Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste
Technische Nutzungsdaten
Gerätedaten
Standortdaten
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört
:
die Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden vertraglichen Verpflichtungen und die sonstige Betreuung unserer Geschäftsbeziehung zu Ihnen;
Ihre Zahlung für Produkte und die Kundenbeziehung zu verwalten.
Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Bewerbung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität und Ihre Kontaktdaten zu bestätigen und Sie und andere vor Betrug zu schützen.
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch durch Verwendung von elektronischen Signaturen, und die Verifizierung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
nachzuweisen, dass Transaktionen ausgeführt wurden.
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
die Einhaltung interner Verfahren.
zu beurteilen, welche Zahlungsmöglichkeiten und Dienstleistungen wir Ihnen anbieten, beispielsweise durch die Durchführung interner und externer Bonitätsprüfungen.
Kundenanalyse, Verwaltung unserer Dienste und interne Vorgänge, z.B. Fehlerbehebung, Datenanalyse, Tests, Forschung und statistische Zwecke.
mit Ihnen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste zu kommunizieren.
geltende Gesetze der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten einzuhalten, wie z.B. Gesetze zur Geldwäscheprävention und Buchungsaufbewahrung sowie Vorschriften, die von unseren benannten Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken herausgegeben werden.
Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, sicherzustellen, dass PayPal ein sicherer Finanzdienstleister bleibt und weiterhin Dienstleistungen anbietet, die innovativ und von Interesse für Sie sind. Wir tun dies,
sofern unsere berechtigten Interessen nicht durch Ihr Recht auf Nichtverarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu diesem Zweck überwiegen
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
sicherzustellen, dass Inhalte auf die für Sie und Ihr Gerät effektivste Weise dargestellt werden.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
die Ermittlung Ihrer Berechtigung zur Inanspruchnahme von Diensten, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, z.B. durch Vornahme interner Bonitätsprüfungen, und die damit verbundene Kommunikation mit Ihnen;
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
die Weiterentwicklung unserer Dienste sowie allgemeine Geschäftsentwicklungszwecke, wie z.B. die Optimierung von Risikomodellen zur Betrugsreduzierung, die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen und die Erschließung neuer Geschäftsmöglichkeiten;
die fortlaufende Aktualisierung Ihrer Konto- und Finanzdaten;
Marketing-, Produkt- und Kundenanalysen, einschließlich Tests, dazu gehören beispielsweise die Verbesserung unserer Produktpalette und die Optimierung unseres Kundenangebots.
Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, wie z.B. der Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie der aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und der von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Wir führen auch Sanktionsprüfungen durch, melden Steuerbehörden, Polizeivollzugsbehörden, Vollstreckungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden, wenn wir nicht durch EU-Recht und das Recht der Mitgliedstaaten dazu verpflichtet sind, aber wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe der Informationen erforderlich ist, um die geltenden Vorschriften einzuhalten.
die Ermöglichung Ihrer Teilnahme an Wettbewerben, Angeboten und Veranstaltungen;
Durchführung von Verpflichtungen zum Risikomanagement wie Kreditleistung und Qualität, Versicherungsrisiken und Erfüllung der Eigenkapitalanforderungen nach geltendem Recht.
die Verarbeitung von Daten über Ihre Kontakte, um Ihnen das Auffinden dieser Kontakte zu erleichtern und sich mit ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen, sowie die Verbesserung der Zahlungssicherheit;
indem Sie uns Daten über Ihre Kontakte übermitteln, erklären Sie, dass Sie befugt sind, diese Daten für die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Zwecke an PayPal weiterzugeben;
Ihnen Informationen, Nachrichten und Werbung über unsere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen, einschließlich wo wir uns mit anderen zusammengetan haben, um ähnliche Dienstleistungen anzubieten.
Informationen über Sie zu assoziieren, um Ihre Nutzung der Dienste ohne PayPal-Konto zu identifizieren (z. B. Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto) oder Markenlose Dienste (z.B. Braintree) und um solche Transaktionen mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen, wenn Sie ein Konto haben oder später ein Konto einrichten.
die Speicherung Ihrer Präferenzen für die nächste Nutzung der Dienste, z.B. Ihre bevorzugte Zahlungsmethode oder ob Sie beim Bezahlen digitale Quittungen per E-Mail oder SMS erhalten möchten;
Wir sind nach dem EU- und dem Mitgliedstaaten-Recht gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, bestimmte Verarbeitungstätigkeiten durchzuführen.
Wir tun dies, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um geltende Gesetze einzuhalten
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste und Produkte;
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch zu Unterschriftszwecken, und die Überprüfung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
geltendes Recht einzuhalten, wie z.B. die Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie die aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und die von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Ebenso führen wir Sanktionsprüfungen durch und machen Meldungen an Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden.
Wir stützen uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihre ausdrückliche und freiwillige Einwilligung,
damit Sie in den Genuss bestimmter Funktionen kommen können, die zwar für die Nutzung der Dienste nicht notwendig, für Sie jedoch möglicherweise von Interesse sind, wie z.B. die Synchronisierung Ihrer Kontaktliste mit Ihrem Konto, die Bereitstellung von biometrischen Daten, gezielte Werbung, die Verknüpfung Ihres E-Mail-Kontos für das Tracking von Paketen oder die Verbindung mit einer Plattform Dritter. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung über die Nutzung dieser Funktionen jederzeit in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung die Rechtmäßigkeit einer von uns vor dem Widerruf durchgeführten Verarbeitung nicht berührt. Weitere Informationen über Ihr Recht auf Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung finden Sie in Abschnitt 10 (“
Ihre Datenschutzrechte
”).
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weiter, wenn eine Rechtsgrundlage dafür besteht.
Dies umfasst:
Andere PayPal-Unternehmen
, um Ihnen die Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie in unserem berechtigten Interesse an der Ausübung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit. Diese Interessen werden in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
näher erläutert. Das PayPal-Unternehmen, das Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhält, verarbeitet diese in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Behörden
, soweit wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind. Dazu zählen Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden in den jeweils maßgeblichen Ländern. Wir können auch verpflichtet sein, zuständigen Behörden, wie beispielsweise den Finanzbehörden, Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Dies kann Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und Informationen zu Kartentransaktionen umfassen, die wir in Ihrem Auftrag über unsere Dienste abwickeln. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Einhaltung von Offenlegungspflichten, die sich aus dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten ergeben, ist die bestehende rechtliche Verpflichtung. Soweit die Offenlegung nicht auf dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten beruht, ist die Rechtsgrundlage unser berechtigtes Interesse und die Einhaltung geltender Vorschriften zur Verhinderung widerrechtlichen Verhaltens.
Andere Finanzinstitute und Kartennetzwerke
, um die Zahlungsabwicklung zu erleichtern, gemeinsam ein Produkt anzubieten oder Karten Ihrer E-Börse hinzuzufügen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Offenlegung ist die Erfüllung des zwischen Ihnen und uns bestehenden Vertrags. Die betreffenden Parteien können auch für andere berechtigte Zwecke auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, wie etwa Identitätsprüfung, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Betrugsbekämpfungs- und Identitätsprüfungsbehörden
, zum Beispiel, um uns bei der Erkennung von Aktivitäten zu unterstützen, die auf Betrug hindeuten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Inkassobüros
, beispielsweise um unbezahlte überfällige Forderungen durch Dritte wie ein Inkassobüro einzuziehen. Wir tun dies auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses, Geschäfte zu tätigen und Schulden einzutreiben. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Datenschutzerklärung dieser Parteien für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten gilt, die Sie ihnen direkt mitteilen, und dass sie Ihre unbezahlten Schulden Kreditauskunfteien melden können, was Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit oder Ihre Fähigkeit zur Sicherung zukünftiger Kredite beeinträchtigen kann.
Dienstanbieter
, die in unserem Auftrag und nach unseren Weisungen Dienstleistungen erbringen, die wir an sie ausgelagert haben, wie z.B. Marketing, IT-Entwicklung, Wartung, Hosting und Support sowie Kundenserviceleistungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten.
Andere Nutzer, soweit dies ausweislich Ihrer Kontoeinstellungen zulässig ist
. Über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen können Sie anderen Nutzern bestimmte Informationen wie Ihr Profilfoto, Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihren Benutzernamen oder Ihren Wohnort anzeigen oder zugänglich machen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Ihre Einwilligung. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen jederzeit und kostenfrei ändern können.
Finanzinstitute in Verbindung mit Ihrer Teilnahme an Open Banking
, z.B. wenn Sie eine Kontoverbindung mit einer anderen Bank, einem Kartenkonto oder einem Aggregator einleiten. Wir prüfen daher, ob Sie über genügend Geld verfügen, oder bestätigen, dass Sie der Inhaber des Kontos sind. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto verknüpfen, ist die Rechtsgrundlage für den Zugriff auf Ihre Kontodaten die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber Ihnen.
Partner und Händler, deren Dienstanbieter und sonstige Transaktionsbeteiligte
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise die Dienste nutzen, um Online-Einkäufe zu tätigen, Zahlungen an andere Nutzer vorzunehmen oder Waren zurückzugeben, können wir Informationen über Sie und Ihr Konto an die anderen Parteien weitergeben, die an der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktionen beteiligt sind. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse. Bitte beachten Sie, dass für personenbezogene Daten, die an Partner und Händler (oder deren Dienstanbieter) weitergegeben werden, welche an einer Transaktion beteiligt sind, die eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Verfahren der Partner und Händler gelten.
Externe, unabhängige Datenverantwortliche
, wenn wir beispielsweise personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute weitergeben oder an Sicherheitsprodukte, um zu verhindern, dass Bots auf unsere Dienste zugreifen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie direkt an diese Parteien weitergeben, deren Datenschutzerklärungen gelten
. So verwenden wir beispielsweise reCAPTCHA von Google, um Missbrauch unserer Dienste zu verhindern, wenn Sie auf unsere PayPal-App zugreifen. Die
Datenschutzerklärung
und die
Nutzungsbedingungen
von Google gelten für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie an Google weitergeben. Weitere Informationen zu Kreditauskunfteien, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit zu bewerten, finden Sie in Abschnitt 12 (
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
).
Käufer oder sonstige Weitergabe in Verbindung mit einer Geschäftsübertragung
. Wenn wir beispielsweise ein Geschäft oder Vermögenswerte veräußern, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an einen Käufer dieses Geschäfts oder dieser Vermögenswerte weitergeben. Ebenso können personenbezogene Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn PayPal oder ein wesentlicher Teil des PayPal-Vermögens von einer dritten Partei erworben wird. PayPal hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, derartige Transaktionen durchführen zu können.
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange, wie es im Rahmen des Zwecks, für den sie erhoben wurden, und in Übereinstimmung mit dem geltenden Recht benötigt oder zulässig ist.
Die Kriterien für die Bestimmung der Aufbewahrungsfrist lauten:
Personenbezogene Daten, die für die laufende Beziehung zwischen Ihnen und PayPal genutzt werden, werden für die Dauer der Beziehung zuzüglich eines Zeitraums von zehn Jahren gespeichert
Personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf eine rechtliche Verpflichtung, der wir unterliegen, werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht aufbewahrt, wie z.B. gemäß geltendem Insolvenzrecht und AML-Verpflichtungen.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange wie nötig, wenn die Aufbewahrung angesichts von Rechtsstreitigkeiten, Ermittlungen, Audit- und Compliance-Praktiken oder zum Schutz vor Rechtsansprüchen ratsam ist.
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
Da wir in zahlreichen Ländern tätig sind, kann es vorkommen, dass wir (oder unsere Dienstanbieter) Ihre Daten außerhalb des Landes, in dem Sie leben, übermitteln und verarbeiten. Um Ihre Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen Ländern zu verarbeiten und zu speichern, setzen wir externe Dienstanbieter ein. In den betreffenden Ländern ist nicht immer ein gleichwertiger Datenschutz gegeben. Wir haben daher konkrete Maßnahmen in Übereinstimmung mit dem Datenschutzrecht der EU und Großbritanniens getroffen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen. Bei der Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwischen PayPal-Unternehmen stützen wir uns auf von den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden genehmigte bindende Unternehmensregeln (abrufbar
hier
). Andere Übermittlungen erfolgen auf der Grundlage von Standardvertragsklauseln, die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigt wurden, damit gewährleistet ist, dass Ihre Daten einen hohen Schutzstandard genießen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte gewahrt bleiben.
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
Wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren, E-Mails öffnen, die wir Ihnen senden, oder eine Website eines Drittanbieters besuchen, für die wir Dienste bereitstellen, verwenden wir und unsere Partner Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien wie Pixel-Tags, Web-Beacons und Widgets (zusammen „
Cookies
“), um Sie als Benutzer zu erkennen, Ihre Online-Erfahrungen und Online-Inhalte anzupassen, einschließlich um Ihnen interessenbezogene Werbung bereitzustellen, Analysen durchzuführen, Risiken zu mindern und potenziellen Betrug zu verhindern und Vertrauen und Sicherheit auf unseren Websites und Diensten zu fördern. Bestimmte Aspekte und Funktionen unserer Dienste und Websites sind nur durch die Verwendung von Cookies verfügbar. Wenn Sie also bestimmte Cookies ablehnen, kann Ihre Nutzung der Websites und Dienste eingeschränkt oder nicht möglich sein.
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Ihre Geräteinformationen, Informationen zu Internetaktivitäten und Rückschlüsse wie oben beschrieben zu sammeln.
Cookies helfen uns, Folgendes zu tun:
Ihre Daten zu speichern, damit Sie sie nicht erneut eingeben müssen
Zu verfolgen und verstehen, wie Sie unsere Online-Dienste und E-Mails nutzen und mit ihnen interagieren
Unsere Online-Dienste an Ihre Einstellungen anzupassen
Zu messen, wie nützlich und effektiv unsere Dienste und Kommunikation für Sie sind
Unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verwalten und zu verbessern
Do Not Track (DNT) ist eine optionale Browser-Einstellung, mit der Sie Ihre Präferenzen bezüglich der Nachverfolgung Ihrer Handlungen im Internet durch Werbetreibende und andere Dritte festlegen können. Derzeit sind unsere Websites nicht darauf ausgelegt, auf DNT-Signale oder ähnliche Mechanismen von Browsern zu reagieren.
Näheres zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies erfahren Sie in unserer
Erklärung zu Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
.
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Nach geltendem Datenschutzrecht haben Sie bestimmte Rechte, unsere Erfassung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu kontrollieren. Zu Ihren Rechten gehören:
Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung Ihrer Informationen
Wir erkennen an, wie wichtig es ist, dass Sie die Kontrolle über die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben. Daher bieten wir Ihnen verschiedene Möglichkeiten, Ihre Rechte auf Zugriff, Auskunft, Berichtigung (durch Korrektur oder Aktualisierung), Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung der Verarbeitung ganz oder teilweise auszuüben.
Wenn Sie ein Konto haben, können Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie in den Kontoeinstellungen der PayPal-App auf "Daten und Datenschutz" zugreifen. Auch ohne Konto (z.B. wenn Sie die Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" nutzen) können Sie in Bezug auf Daten zu Transaktionen, die mit der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" durchgeführt wurden, Auskunft, Änderung, Berichtigung oder Löschung verlangen. Ersuchen zu den Daten einer anderen Person können Sie einreichen, indem Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen, sofern Sie ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt sind. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir von Ihnen gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Verifizierungsinformationen anfordern.
Ihr Recht, den automatisierten Entscheidungen und der Profilerstellung zu widersprechen
Falls Sie im Rahmen der unten beschriebenen automatisierten Entscheidungen nicht zugelassen sind, haben Sie keinen Zugang zu unseren Dienstleistungen, wie beispielsweise unseren Zahlungsmethoden. PayPal verfügt über verschiedene Sicherheitsmechanismen, um die Angemessenheit der Entscheidungen zu gewährleisten. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Überprüfungen unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und fallweise Stichproben. Wenn Sie bezüglich des Ergebnisses Bedenken haben, können Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir werden dann überprüfen, ob das Verfahren korrekt durchgeführt wurde.
Sie haben das Recht, einer automatisierten Entscheidung zu widersprechen, wenn deren Rechtsfolgen oder Ergebnisse geeignet sind, (zusammen mit dem entsprechenden Profiling) in sonstiger Weise erhebliche Auswirkungen auf Sie zu haben, indem Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir prüfen die Entscheidung sodann unter Berücksichtigung der zusätzlichen Umstände.
Zustimmung
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung verwenden, haben Sie im Allgemeinen das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung aufgrund der Zustimmung vor ihrem Widerruf zu beeinträchtigen.
Die Rechtmäßigkeit einer Verarbeitung, die vor Ihrem Widerruf stattgefunden hat, wird durch den Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung nicht berührt. Das gleiche gilt für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage eines anderen Rechtsgrundes als Ihrer Einwilligung.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen Direktmarketing
Sofern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für Direktmarketingzwecke verwenden, können Sie jederzeit Ihre Berechtigungseinstellungen ändern, widersprechen und sich über den Abmeldelink in elektronischen Mitteilungen bzw. über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen von zukünftigen Direktmarketingnachrichten abmelden.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Verarbeitung berechtigter Interessen
Verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfolgung berechtigter Interessen von uns oder einem Dritten, haben Sie das Recht, der Verwendung für diesen Zweck zu widersprechen. Näheres dazu finden Sie in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
Wie nehmen Sie Ihre Rechte wahr, und wie können Sie uns oder die Datenschutzbehörde kontaktieren?
Wenn Sie aus irgendeinem Grund mit unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unzufrieden sind, haben Sie das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz in Ihrem Land einzureichen.
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie online oder per Post unter PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre Rechte verletzt wurden, können Sie auch bei
den örtlichen Gerichten
Rechtsmittel einlegen.
Sie können auch bei der für uns zuständigen
führenden Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz
, der Nationalen Kommission für Datenschutz des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (CNPD), eine Beschwerde einreichen. Die betreffende Postanschrift lautet: Commission nationale pour la protection des données, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxemburg.
Der Vertreter im Vereinigten Königreich kann per Post für alle Anfragen zum Datenschutz in Großbritannien bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP kontaktiert werden.
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
"
Automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung
" ist der Prozess der vollautomatischen Entscheidungsfindung ohne menschliche Beteiligung. In einigen Fällen könnten diese Entscheidungen
rechtliche oder ähnlich erhebliche Auswirkungen
auf Sie als natürliche Person haben. "
Profiling
" bezeichnet Analysen der Persönlichkeit, des Verhaltens, des Interesses und der Gewohnheiten einer Person, um Vorhersagen oder Entscheidungen über sie zu treffen. Soweit dies nach dem Recht der EU oder der Mitgliedstaaten zulässig oder für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags erforderlich ist, können wir in einigen Fällen automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling für Entscheidungen verwenden. Ein Beispiel für unseren Einsatz automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung ist die Bewertung Ihrer Kreditwürdigkeit, um Ihre Eignung für bestimmte Kreditprodukte zu beurteilen.
Wir glauben, dass PayPal durch das automatische Treffen solcher Entscheidungen seine Objektivität und Transparenz bei der Entscheidung, welche Dienste Ihnen angeboten werden, erhöht. Wir setzen mehrere Sicherheitsmechanismen ein, um sicherzustellen, dass die Entscheidungen angemessen sind. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Übersichten unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und Stichproben im Einzelfall. Sie können stattdessen jederzeit eine manuelle Entscheidungsfindung verlangen, Ihre Meinung äußern oder eine Entscheidungsfindung anfechten, die ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung, einschließlich Profiling, beruht, wenn eine solche Entscheidung
rechtliche Wirkung entfaltet oder Sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinträchtigt
. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie diesen Entscheidungen widersprechen können, finden Sie in Abschnitt 10
("Ihre Datenschutzrechte")
.
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr über die Nutzung von automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling erfahren möchten.
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
Haben Sie einen Kredit beantragt oder nutzen Sie unsere Kreditdienste, können wir zur Bearbeitung Ihres Antrags Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben, die uns Informationen über Sie geben, wie z.B. Ihre Finanzhistorie. Dies geschieht, um Kreditwürdigkeit und Produkteignung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, offene Forderungen zu ermitteln und einzuziehen sowie kriminelle Handlungen zu verhindern.
Die Rechtsgrundlagen für diese Übermittlungen finden sich in Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe b (vertraglich) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe f (berechtigtes Interesse) der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung ("EU-DSGVO").
Wir werden auch weiterhin laufend Informationen über Sie mit Kreditauskunfteien austauschen, einschließlich über Ihre beglichenen Konten und alle Schulden, die nicht rechtzeitig vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden. Diese Informationen können von CRAs an andere Organisationen weitergegeben werden, um ähnliche Überprüfungen durchzuführen und Ihren Aufenthaltsort zu ermitteln und Schulden einzutreiben.
Ihre Daten werden auch mit den Daten aller gemeinsamen Bewerber oder anderer Finanzpartner verknüpft.
So erfahren Sie mehr
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr darüber erfahren möchten, welche Kreditauskunfteien wir für eine bestimmte Suche eingesetzt haben.
Hier
finden Sie die Liste der in Großbritannien und dem EWR genutzten Kreditauskunfteien, einschließlich der Identitäten der in den jeweiligen Ländern genutzten Kreditauskunfteien und eines Links zu deren Datenschutzerklärung, aus der Sie entnehmen können, wie diese personenbezogene Daten verwenden und weitergeben, einschließlich der Dauer der Speicherung dieser personenbezogenen Daten. Sie können sich an die Kreditauskunfteien, die im Land Ihres Wohnsitzes tätig sind, direkt wenden, wenn Sie Fragen zu deren Dienstleistungen, Ihrem Kreditscore oder zu den über Sie gespeicherten Daten haben. Das gleiche gilt, wenn Sie gegenüber den Kreditauskunfteien Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person ausüben möchten.
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
Wir führen technische, physische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen durch, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen vor Verlust, Missbrauch, unbefugtem Zugriff, Weitergabe und Änderung zu schützen. Zu diesen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen gehören Firewalls, Datenverschlüsselung, physische Zugangsbeschränkungen für unsere Rechenzentren und Berechtigungskontrollen für den Zugriff auf Daten. Wir sorgen für die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste. Für die Sicherheit und die Geheimhaltung Ihres Passworts bzw. Ihrer Passwörter und Ihres Kontoprofils bzw. Ihrer Anmeldedaten sind Sie jedoch selbst verantwortlich. Darüber hinaus liegt es in Ihrer Verantwortung zu prüfen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie besitzen, richtig und auf dem aktuellen Stand sind. Wir haften nicht für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten, die wir auf Grundlage einer von Ihnen autorisierten Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben.
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, von Kindern unter 16 Jahren oder anderen Personen, die rechtlich nicht in der Lage sind, unsere Websites und Dienste zu nutzen. Wenn wir tatsächliche Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der unsere Dienste nicht nutzen darf, werden wir diese unverzüglich löschen, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich verpflichtet, diese Daten aufzubewahren.
Bitte
kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie glauben, dass wir irrtümlich oder unbeabsichtigt Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der zur Nutzung unserer Dienste nicht berechtigt ist.
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird von Zeit zu Zeit überarbeitet, um Änderungen an unserer Geschäftstätigkeit, unseren Diensten oder den geltenden Gesetzen Rechnung zu tragen. Wenn nach geltendem Recht auf die überarbeitete Fassung hinzuweisen ist, informieren wir Sie 30 Tage im Voraus durch Bekanntgabe der Änderung auf der Seite
AGB-Aktualisierungen
oder der Seite
Datenschutzerklärung
. Andernfalls wird die überarbeitete Datenschutzerklärung ab dem angegebenen Startdatum wirksam.
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
In der Regel verlangt das luxemburgische Recht, dem PayPal (in Bezug auf Datenschutz und Bankgeheimnis) unterliegt, einen höheren Grad an Transparenz als die meisten anderen Rechtsordnungen in der EU. Im Gegensatz zu den meisten Anbietern von Internet- oder Finanzdienstleistungen in der EU listen wir daher in dieser Datenschutzerklärung die Drittanbieter und Geschäftspartner, die Dienstleistungen für uns erbringen und denen gegenüber wir Ihre Daten offenlegen, sowie den Zweck der Offenlegung und die Art der offengelegten Daten auf. Einen Link zu diesen Drittanbietern finden Sie
hier
. Dadurch, dass Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung annehmen und ein Konto bei PayPal haben, willigen Sie ausdrücklich in die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an diese Drittanbieter für die aufgeführten Zwecke ein.
PayPal kann die oben genannte Drittanbieterliste am ersten Werktag eines jeden Quartals (d.h. im Januar, April, Juli und Oktober) aktualisieren. PayPal beginnt erst 30 Tage nach dem Datum der Veröffentlichung der Liste innerhalb der Datenschutzerklärung mit der Übermittlung von Daten an eines der in der jeweiligen Aktualisierung neu aufgeführten Unternehmen oder für die dort neu aufgeführten Zwecke oder Datentypen. Sie sollten sich in jedem Quartal zu den oben genannten Terminen auf der PayPal-Website erneut mit der Liste vertraut machen. Wenn Sie der neuen Form der Datenübertragung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der aktualisierten Drittanbieterliste widersprechen, gelten die Änderungen der Liste und dieser Datenschutzerklärung als von Ihnen angenommen. Sind Sie mit den Änderungen nicht einverstanden, steht es Ihnen frei, Ihr Konto zu schließen und unsere Dienste nicht mehr zu nutzen.
Um die PayPal-Dienste bereitstellen zu können, müssen wir möglicherweise bestimmte Daten, die wir (wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegt) erhoben haben, an andere mit PayPal verbundene Unternehmen oder sonstige Stellen übermitteln, einschließlich solcher, die gemäß diesem Abschnitt eine Funktion als Zahlungsdienstleister, Zahlungsanbieter oder Kontoinhaber (oder ähnliche Funktionen) erfüllen. Sie erkennen an, dass diese Stellen in ihren jeweiligen Rechtsordnungen Gesetzen, Vorschriften, Untersuchungen, Ermittlungen oder Anordnungen unterworfen sein können, durch die sie zur Weitergabe von Daten an die zuständigen Behörden des betreffenden Landes verpflichtet sind. Durch die Nutzung der PayPal-Dienste willigen Sie in die Übermittlung solcher Daten durch uns zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie ein.
Insbesondere stimmen Sie allen folgenden Datenverarbeitungsmaßnahmen zu und weisen PayPal an, diese vorzunehmen:
a. Offenlegung notwendiger Informationen gegenüber der Polizei und anderen Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Sicherheitskräften, zuständigen staatlichen, zwischenstaatlichen oder überstaatlichen Stellen, zuständigen Behörden, Abteilungen, Aufsichtsbehörden, Selbstregulierungsbehörden oder -organisationen (einschließlich der
hier
im Abschnitt "Behörden" der Drittanbieterliste genannten Stellen) und anderen Dritten, einschließlich Unternehmen der PayPal-Gruppe, (i) deren Weisungen wir gesetzlich verpflichtet und befugt sind, einzuhalten, unter anderem aufgrund der luxemburgischen Gesetze vom 24. Juli 2015 über das US-amerikanische Gesetz zur Einhaltung der Steuervorschriften für Auslandskonten ("FATCA-Gesetz") und vom 18. Dezember 2015 über die einvernehmlich festgelegten Standards für die Berichterstattung der OECD ("CRS-Gesetz"), (ii) bei denen wir Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass die Kooperation mit ihnen bei der Untersuchung von Betrugsfällen oder sonstigen tatsächlichen oder mutmaßlichen widerrechtlichen Aktivitäten geboten ist, oder (iii) zur Ermittlung von Verstößen gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen (dies gilt auch für Ihre Zahlungsquelle oder Ihren Kredit- oder Debitkartenanbieter).
Wenn Sie in den Geltungsbereich des FATCA- oder des CRS-Gesetzes fallen, sind wir dazu verpflichtet, Sie über die Weitergabe von Daten an die jeweiligen Behörden zu unterrichten. Informieren Sie sich über die Verpflichtungen von PayPal nach dem FATCA- und dem CRS-Gesetz sowie darüber, welche Auswirkungen diese Verpflichtungen für Sie haben können und welche Informationen wir gegebenenfalls im Zuge dieser Verpflichtungen weitergeben.
Wir und weitere Organisationen, einschließlich von Unternehmen, die Zahlungen über PayPal akzeptieren, können notwendige Daten (darunter auch Daten, die von Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen aufgezeichnet wurden, und Daten aus anderen Ländern) zum Zwecke der Bewertung und Verwaltung von Risiken (wie z.B. zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung) weitergeben, nutzen und auf sie zugreifen. Bitte wenden Sie sich an uns, wenn Sie weitere Informationen über die jeweiligen Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen wünschen. Klicken Sie
hier
, um weitere Informationen zu diesen Behörden, den Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen und sonstigen Dritten zu erhalten.
b. Offenlegung von Kontoinformationen gegenüber Inhabern von geistigem Eigentum, wenn diese nach dem maßgeblichen nationalen Recht eines EU-Mitgliedstaates einen außergerichtlichen Auskunftsanspruch gegen PayPal aufgrund einer Verletzung ihrer geistigen Eigentumsrechte haben, bei der PayPal-Dienste genutzt wurden (zum Beispiel § 19, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Markengesetzes oder § 101, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Urheberrechtsgesetzes).
c. Obligatorische Offenlegung aufgrund von Kreditkartenbestimmungen oder in straf- oder zivilrechtlichen Verfahren.
d. Offenlegung Ihres Namens und PayPal-Links im PayPal-Benutzerverzeichnis. Ihre Daten werden anderen PayPal-Kunden angezeigt, wenn diese eine Suche anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer oder eines Teils dieser Angaben durchführen. Dadurch soll sichergestellt werden, dass Zahlungen an den richtigen Empfänger erfolgen. Diese Funktion kann in den PayPal-Profileinstellungen deaktiviert werden.
e. Nutzen Sie als Händler einen Dritten für den Zugriff auf PayPal oder die Integration von PayPal, können wir notwendige Informationen an diesen Dritten zur Umsetzung und Verwaltung der betreffenden Vereinbarungen weitergeben (darunter den Status Ihrer PayPal-Integration, ob Sie ein aktives PayPal-Konto haben und ob Sie bereits mit einem anderen PayPal-Integrationspartner arbeiten).
f. Offenlegung notwendiger Daten gegenüber Zahlungsanbietern, Wirtschaftsprüfern, Kundenservice-Anbietern, Kreditauskunfteien und Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen, Anbietern von Finanzprodukten, Handelspartnern, Marketing- und PR-Unternehmen, Anbietern von operativen Dienstleistungen, Konzerngesellschaften, Agenturen, Marktplätzen und sonstigen Dritten, die
hier
aufgeführt sind. Zweck der Offenlegung ist die Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie. In der Drittanbieterliste haben wir außerdem unter jeder Kategorie nicht abschließende Beispiele von Drittanbietern (einschließlich deren Abtretungsempfängern und Rechtsnachfolgern) aufgeführt, gegenüber denen eine Offenlegung Ihrer Kontoinformationen derzeit tatsächlich stattfindet oder in Betracht gezogen werden kann. Neben dem Zweck der Offenlegung haben wir auch die offengelegten Informationen angegeben (soweit nicht anders angegeben, ist es diesen Drittanbietern gesetzlich bzw. vertraglich untersagt, die Informationen für einen anderen als den vorgesehenen Zweck zu nutzen).
g. Offenlegung erforderlicher Daten gegenüber Ihren Vertretern bzw. Verfahrensbevollmächtigten (z.B. dem Inhaber einer von Ihnen erteilten Vollmacht oder einem für Sie bestellten Vormund).
h. Offenlegung von zusammengefassten Statistikdaten an unsere Geschäftspartner oder PR-Partner. Wir können beispielsweise offenlegen, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz unserer Kunden in einer bestimmten Stadt lebt. Diese zusammengefassten Daten enthalten keine personenbezogenen Daten.
i. Weitergabe notwendiger Kontoinformationen an nicht mit uns verbundene (
hier
aufgeführte) Drittanbieter zu folgenden Zwecken:
Betrugsprävention und Risikosteuerung: Prävention von Betrug sowie Bewertung und Steuerung von Risiken.
Kundenservice: zu Zwecken des Kundenservice, einschließlich der Betreuung Ihrer Konten oder zur Klärung von Konflikten (z.B. in Bezug auf Rechnungen oder Transaktionen).
Versand: im Zusammenhang mit dem Versand und darauf bezogenen Dienstleistungen bei Käufen, die mit PayPal getätigt wurden.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften: zur Unterstützung der Verifizierungsanforderungen bei der Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung.
Dienstleister: um die mit uns vertraglich verbundenen Dienstleister in die Lage zu versetzen, uns bei geschäftlichen Vorgängen wie z.B. Betrugsprävention, Inkassomaßnahmen, Marketing, Kundenservice und Technologiedienstleistungen zu unterstützen. Diese Dienstleister werden von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, Ihre Daten nur für die Dienstleistungen zu verwenden, die sie für uns erbringen, nicht jedoch zu ihrem eigenen Nutzen.
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
Gerätedaten bezieht sich auf Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erfasst werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder Dienste verwendet wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem Ihr Gerätetyp, die Netzwerkverbindungen Ihres Geräts, Name und IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts und zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Geolokalisierungsinformationen sind Informationen, die Ihren Standort mit präziser Genauigkeit identifizieren, indem sie beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwenden, die Sie über Ihr GPS oder Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erhalten.
Standortinformationen sind Informationen, die mit angemessener Genauigkeit Ihren ungefähren Standort identifizieren, indem beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwendet werden, die durch GPS oder Wi-Fi oder Triangulation von Mobilfunkstandorten erhalten werden.
Partner bezeichnet den Händler oder das Unternehmen, mit dem unsere Benutzer Geschäfte tätigen, um Waren oder Dienstleistungen zu erhalten.
Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto hat dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Zahlungen ohne PayPal-Konto
.
PayPal-Unternehmen bedeuten Unternehmen, die Sich im Besitz von PayPal befinden und personenbezogene Daten gemäß ihren Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien verarbeiten. PayPal Unternehmen sind Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet und Braintree.
Personenbezogene Daten bezeichnet Informationen, die einer identifizierten oder direkt oder indirekt identifizierbaren natürlichen Person zugeordnet werden können. Zu "personenbezogenen Daten" zählen beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift (einschließlich Rechnungs- und Lieferadresse), Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Zahlungskartennummer, sonstige Kontoinformationen, Kontonummer, Geburtsdatum, Daten aus amtlichen Ausweisen (z.B. Führerscheinnummer, Personalausweisnummer, Reisepassnummer) und biometrische Daten.
Verarbeitung bezeichnet jede Methode oder Art und Weise, wie wir mit personenbezogenen Daten oder Sätzen personenbezogener Daten umgehen, sei es durch automatisierte Mittel, wie z.B. durch Erhebung, Aufzeichnung, Kategorisierung, Strukturierung, Speicherung, Anpassung oder Änderung, Abruf und Konsultation, Verwendung, Offenlegung durch Übertragung, Verbreitung oder anderweitige Bereitstellung, Abgleich oder Kombination, Einschränkung, Löschung oder Vernichtung von personenbezogenen Daten.
Dienste bezeichnet alle Zahlungsdienste mit oder ohne die Markenbezeichnung "PayPal", die Funktion "Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto", Kreditprodukte und -dienste, Inhalte, Merkmale, Technologien oder Funktionen sowie alle zugehörigen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienste, die Ihnen von PayPal angeboten werden. Zur Nutzung der Dienste zählt auch die Nutzung unserer Website.
Seiten bezieht sich auf die Websites, mobilen Apps, offiziellen Social-Media-Plattformen oder andere Online-Tools, über die PayPal die Dienste anbietet und die diese Datenschutzerklärung veröffentlicht haben oder mit ihr verlinkt sind.
Markenlose Zahlungsdienste bedeutet, dass Sie mit Händlern interagieren und Zahlungen an diese leisten, indem Sie unsere Kartenzahlungsdienste verwenden, die nicht die Marke PayPal tragen.
Nutzer ist jede Person, die die Dienste als Verbraucher für den persönlichen oder Haushaltsgebrauch nutzt. Für die Zwecke dieser Mitteilung enthält "Benutzer" "Sie" und "Ihr".
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie
online
oder offline unter PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie
Einwohner des Vereinigten Königreichs
sind, wenden Sie sich an unseren Vertreter bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres PayPal-Kontos oder des PayPal-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres Xoom-Kontos oder des Xoom-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.