PRIVACY & COOKIES
Clot Company Limited and its affiliates respect your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect on this website. Clot Company Limited is responsible for this website.
The Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on this site, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. The notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the personal information. We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to (i) access, change or not use the personal information you have provided to us, (ii) withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, (iii) tell us to refrain from communicating with you about our products or services, and (iv) answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
Individuals may choose to provide personal information (including your name, gender, contact details such as your phone number, email address and payment information) through this website. Here are the ways you may provide the information and the types of information you may submit. We also tell you how we may use the information. Your provision of information is voluntary. However, if you choose not to provide information as requested, we may not be able to supply you with products or services as applicable.
This information allows us to:
Ensure delivery of purchase is sent to the right person.
Update you about order details, issues and other important order information via email.
Keep you up to date on new product releases, services, promotions and information via email. We will only send marketing material to you with your consent. You are able to withdraw your consent at any time.
Detect and prevent fraudulent activities that are harmful to yourself or CLOT.
Send location and previous purchase-relevant marketing material.
Payment information helps us to process payment for items bought.
Process refunds for returns.
Efficiently provide customer service to your shopping experience, queries and concerns.
Your device and IP address are noted in order for us to direct you to the most suitable language, currency, and product availability of the website.
OUR WEBSITE
Shopping You may be able to purchase products on this website. To process your purchase, we ask for information such as your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information. We use this information to process your purchase, confirm your order and deliver the items to you. If you give us permission, we also may use your contact information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions.
MY ACCOUNT
You may be able to register to create an account on this website. To do so, we ask for information such as your name and email address. Through the "my account" feature, you can store shipping information so you won't have to enter it again when you make another purchase on this site.
SURVEYS, SWEEPSTAKES AND PROMOTIONS
On this website, you may be able to participate in surveys, sweepstakes and other promotions. If you choose to participate in these promotions, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. We use the information you provided to administer our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. We also may use the information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions, but only if you have given us your consent to do so.
ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTERS
You may be able to sign up on this site to receive electronic newsletters and promotional emails from Clot Company Limited, including new ideas, special offers and event information. To sign up, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, age, gender, shopping preferences and email preferences. We use this information to send you communications about our products and services, invitations to specials sales and events at Stores located near you, and notices of new arrivals. We also use this information to tailor our newsletters to reflect your preferences and use MailChimp to store information. You can at any time use "my account" feature to opt out of receiving marketing emails. There is no charge to you to unsubscribe.
CONTACT US
If you communicate with us through the "Contact Us" link on this site (mobile version), we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, zip code and telephone number. We use this information to respond to and communicate with you about your questions and comments.
OTHER SITE FEATURES
We offer visitors to this website various features for their information and enjoyment, which we may change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features and send you communications about our products, services and promotions.
INFORMATION WE COLLECTED BY AUTOMATED MEANS
We obtain certain information by automated means when you visit our website, such as the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors and understand what products and services you might prefer. We collect this information through various means, such as "cookies" and "web beacons."
COOKIES
"Cookies" are used on this website. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain websites. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. We use cookies, for example, to preserve the contents of your virtual shopping cart between visits. We also use cookies to measure activity on the site and determine which areas and features of the site are the most popular.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie and how to disable existing cookies. Without cookies, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our site features.
WEB BEACONS
Certain pages on this website contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). Web beacons are used for internal purposes, such as to obtain the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, and the type of browser used to view the page. We also retain service providers who use web beacons to assess the effectiveness of our email communications and learn what pages our visitors viewed.
OTHER WAYS WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
In addition to the ways we collect information about you described above, we also may obtain information about information from third parties. We may use your personal information to provide you with products or services you request, enhance your shopping experience and communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. In addition, we may use your personal information for internal purposes, such as fraud and theft prevention, accident reporting, development and administration of our sites and Stores, data analytics, and compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures.
Information We Share
We will never
sell any of your personal data to third parties or otherwise disclose personal information about our customers, except as described here. We may share the personal information you provide to us with our group companies, affiliates worldwide, and business partners for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We also may share the information with our service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. These service providers are not authorised by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Payment service providers, warehouses, employees and courier companies need certain information shared in order to get orders to you. Marketing agencies, advertising partners, website hosts, law enforcement and credit reference agencies are used to help with business at Clot Company Limited and to prevent and deal with fraud issues. Anonymous information about you may be shared with third parties for the purpose of analytics, none of this data will be used to identify you. We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order), (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
This website may contain links to other sites for your convenience and information. These sites may be operated by companies not affiliated with Clot Company Limited. Linked sites may have their own privacy policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with Clot Company Limited, any use of those sites, or the privacy practices of those sites.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER COUNTRIES
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which you originally provided it; these countries include but are not limited to Hong Kong. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
ACCESS AND CORRECTION
Subject to applicable law, we provide you with access to personal information we have retained about you and the ability to review, correct, update, block or delete the information where it is inaccurate. Subject to applicable law, we may limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances.
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws. We will post a prominent notice on the site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the notice when it was updated.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to make a complaint about the manner in which your personal information has been collected or handled by Clot Company Limited, please contact us as indicated below. Clot Company Limited will give due consideration and respond as appropriate to any question or complaint:
Clot Company Limited
9/F., Sungib Industrial Centre,
53 Wong Chuk Hang Road,
Wong Chuk Hang, Hong Kong
Email us at: online@juicestore.com
Last updated: Oct 2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://juicestore.com/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Juice Store and its affiliates respect your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect on this website. Juice Store is responsible for this website.
The Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on this site, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. The notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the personal information. We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to (i) access, change or not use the personal information you have provided to us, (ii) withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, (iii) tell us to refrain from communicating with you about our products or services, and (iv) answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Individuals may choose to provide personal information (such as name, contact details and payment information) through this website. Here are the ways you may provide the information and the types of information you may submit. We also tell you how we may use the information. Your provision of information is voluntary. However, if you choose not to provide information as requested, we may not be able to supply you with products or services as applicable.
OUR WEBSITE
Shopping You may be able to purchase products on this website. To process your purchase, we ask for information such as your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information. We use this information to process your purchase, confirm your order and deliver the items to you. If you give us permission, we also may use your contact information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions.
My Account
You may be able to register to create an account on this website. To do so, we ask for information such as your name and email address. Through the "my account" feature, you can store shipping information so you won't have to enter it again when you make another purchase on this site.
Surveys, Sweepstakes and Promotions
On this website, you may be able to participate in surveys, sweepstakes and other promotions. If you choose to participate in these promotions, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. We use the information you provided to administer our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. We also may use the information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions, but only if you have given us your consent to do so.
Electronic Newsletters
You may be able to sign up on this site to receive electronic newsletters and promotional emails from Juice Store, including new ideas, special offers and event information. To sign up, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, age, gender, shopping preferences and email preferences. We use this information to send you communications about our products and services, invitations to specials sales and events at Stores located near you, and notices of new arrivals. We also use this information to tailor our newsletters to reflect your preferences. You can at any time use "my account" feature to opt out of receiving marketing emails. There is no charge to you to unsubscribe.
Contact Us
If you communicate with us through the "Contact Us" link on this site (mobile version), we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, zip code and telephone number. We use this information to respond to and communicate with you about your questions and comments.
Other Site Features
We offer visitors to this website various features for their information and enjoyment, which we may change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features and send you communications about our products, services and promotions.
Information We Collected by Automated Means
We obtain certain information by automated means when you visit our website, such as the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors and understand what products and services you might prefer. We collect this information through various means, such as "cookies" and "web beacons."
Cookies
"Cookies" are used on this website. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain websites. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. We use cookies, for example, to preserve the contents of your virtual shopping cart between visits. We also use cookies to measure activity on the site and determine which areas and features of the site are the most popular.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie and how to disable existing cookies. Without cookies, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our site features.
Web Beacons
Certain pages on this website contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). Web beacons are used for internal purposes, such as to obtain the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, and the type of browser used to view the page. We also retain service providers who use web beacons to assess the effectiveness of our email communications and learn what pages our visitors viewed.
OTHERS WAYS WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
In addition to the ways we collect information about you described above, we also may obtain information about information from third parties. We may use your personal information to provide you with products or services you request, enhance your shopping experience and communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. In addition, we may use your personal information for internal purposes, such as fraud and theft prevention, accident reporting, development and administration of our sites and Stores, data analytics, and compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures.
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our customers, except as described here. We may share the personal information you provide to us with our group companies, affiliates worldwide, and business partners for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We also may share the information with our service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order), (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other sites for your convenience and information. These sites may be operated by companies not affiliated with Juice Store. Linked sites may have their own privacy policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with Juice Store, any use of those sites, or the privacy practices of those sites.
Transfer of Personal Information to Other Countries
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which you originally provided it; these countries include but are not limited to Hong Kong. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Access and Correction
Subject to applicable law, we provide you with access to personal information we have retained about you and the ability to review, correct, update, block or delete the information where it is inaccurate. Subject to applicable law, we may limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws. We will post a prominent notice on the site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the notice when it was updated.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to make a complaint about the manner in which your personal information has been collected or handled by Juice Store, please contact us as indicated below. Juice Store will give due consideration and respond as appropriate to any question or complaint:
Email: online@juicestore.com
Opens in a new window.
Opens external website.
Opens external website in a new window.
Country/region
Afghanistan (AFN ؋)
Åland Islands (EUR €)
Albania (ALL)
Algeria (DZD)
Andorra (EUR €)
Angola (HKD HK$)
Anguilla (XCD $)
Antigua & Barbuda (XCD $)
Argentina (HKD HK$)
Armenia (AMD ֏)
Aruba (AWG)
Ascension Island (SHP £)
Australia (AUD $)
Austria (EUR €)
Azerbaijan (AZN ₼)
Bahamas (BSD $)
Bahrain (HKD HK$)
Bangladesh (BDT ৳)
Barbados (BBD $)
Belarus (HKD HK$)
Belgium (EUR €)
Belize (BZD $)
Benin (XOF F CFA)
Bermuda (USD $)
Bhutan (HKD HK$)
Bolivia (BOB Bs)
Bosnia & Herzegovina (BAM KM)
Botswana (BWP P)
Brazil (HKD HK$)
British Indian Ocean Territory (USD $)
British Virgin Islands (USD $)
Brunei (BND $)
Bulgaria (BGN)
Burkina Faso (XOF F CFA)
Burundi (BIF)
Cambodia (KHR ៛)
Cameroon (XAF FCFA)
Canada (CAD $)
Cape Verde (CVE)
Caribbean Netherlands (USD $)
Cayman Islands (KYD $)
Central African Republic (XAF FCFA)
Chad (XAF FCFA)
Chile (HKD HK$)
China (CNY ¥)
Christmas Island (AUD $)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (AUD $)
Colombia (HKD HK$)
Comoros (KMF CF)
Congo - Brazzaville (XAF FCFA)
Congo - Kinshasa (CDF)
Cook Islands (NZD $)
Costa Rica (CRC ₡)
Côte d’Ivoire (XOF F CFA)
Croatia (EUR €)
Curaçao (ANG)
Cyprus (EUR €)
Czechia (CZK Kč)
Denmark (DKK kr)
Djibouti (DJF)
Dominica (XCD $)
Dominican Republic (DOP $)
Ecuador (USD $)
Egypt (EGP E£)
El Salvador (USD $)
Equatorial Guinea (XAF FCFA)
Eritrea (HKD HK$)
Estonia (EUR €)
Eswatini (HKD HK$)
Ethiopia (ETB)
Falkland Islands (FKP £)
Faroe Islands (DKK kr)
Fiji (FJD $)
Finland (EUR €)
France (EUR €)
French Guiana (EUR €)
French Polynesia (XPF CFPF)
French Southern Territories (EUR €)
Gabon (XOF F CFA)
Gambia (GMD)
Georgia (HKD HK$)
Germany (EUR €)
Ghana (HKD HK$)
Gibraltar (GBP £)
Greece (EUR €)
Greenland (DKK kr)
Grenada (XCD $)
Guadeloupe (EUR €)
Guatemala (GTQ Q)
Guernsey (GBP £)
Guinea (GNF FG)
Guinea-Bissau (XOF F CFA)
Guyana (GYD $)
Haiti (HKD HK$)
Honduras (HNL L)
Hong Kong SAR (HKD HK$)
Hungary (HUF Ft)
Iceland (ISK kr)
India (INR ₹)
Indonesia (IDR Rp)
Iraq (HKD HK$)
Ireland (EUR €)
Isle of Man (GBP £)
Israel (ILS ₪)
Italy (EUR €)
Jamaica (JMD $)
Japan (JPY ¥)
Jersey (HKD HK$)
Jordan (HKD HK$)
Kazakhstan (KZT ₸)
Kenya (KES)
Kiribati (HKD HK$)
Kosovo (EUR €)
Kuwait (HKD HK$)
Kyrgyzstan (KGS)
Laos (LAK ₭)
Latvia (EUR €)
Lebanon (LBP L£)
Lesotho (HKD HK$)
Liberia (HKD HK$)
Libya (HKD HK$)
Liechtenstein (CHF)
Lithuania (EUR €)
Luxembourg (EUR €)
Macao SAR (MOP)
Madagascar (HKD HK$)
Malawi (MWK)
Malaysia (MYR RM)
Maldives (MVR)
Mali (XOF F CFA)
Malta (EUR €)
Martinique (EUR €)
Mauritania (HKD HK$)
Mauritius (MUR Rs)
Mayotte (EUR €)
Mexico (HKD HK$)
Moldova (MDL)
Monaco (EUR €)
Mongolia (MNT ₮)
Montenegro (EUR €)
Montserrat (XCD $)
Morocco (MAD)
Mozambique (HKD HK$)
Myanmar (Burma) (MMK K)
Namibia (HKD HK$)
Nauru (AUD $)
Nepal (NPR Rs)
Netherlands (EUR €)
New Caledonia (XPF CFPF)
New Zealand (NZD $)
Nicaragua (NIO C$)
Niger (XOF F CFA)
Nigeria (NGN ₦)
Niue (NZD $)
Norfolk Island (AUD $)
North Macedonia (MKD)
Norway (HKD HK$)
Oman (HKD HK$)
Pakistan (PKR Rs)
Palestinian Territories (ILS ₪)
Panama (USD $)
Papua New Guinea (PGK)
Paraguay (PYG ₲)
Peru (PEN)
Philippines (PHP ₱)
Pitcairn Islands (NZD $)
Poland (PLN zł)
Portugal (EUR €)
Qatar (QAR)
Réunion (EUR €)
Romania (RON lei)
Russia (HKD HK$)
Rwanda (RWF RF)
Samoa (WST)
San Marino (EUR €)
São Tomé & Príncipe (STD)
Saudi Arabia (SAR)
Senegal (XOF F CFA)
Serbia (RSD)
Seychelles (HKD HK$)
Sierra Leone (SLL)
Singapore (SGD $)
Sint Maarten (ANG)
Slovakia (EUR €)
Slovenia (EUR €)
Solomon Islands (SBD $)
Somalia (HKD HK$)
South Africa (HKD HK$)
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands (GBP £)
South Korea (KRW ₩)
South Sudan (HKD HK$)
Spain (EUR €)
Sri Lanka (LKR Rs)
St. Barthélemy (EUR €)
St. Helena (SHP £)
St. Kitts & Nevis (XCD $)
St. Lucia (XCD $)
St. Martin (EUR €)
St. Pierre & Miquelon (EUR €)
St. Vincent & Grenadines (XCD $)
Sudan (HKD HK$)
Suriname (HKD HK$)
Svalbard & Jan Mayen (HKD HK$)
Sweden (SEK kr)
Switzerland (CHF)
Taiwan (TWD $)
Tajikistan (TJS)
Tanzania (TZS)
Thailand (THB ฿)
Timor-Leste (USD $)
Togo (XOF F CFA)
Tokelau (NZD $)
Tonga (TOP T$)
Trinidad & Tobago (TTD $)
Tristan da Cunha (GBP £)
Tunisia (HKD HK$)
Türkiye (HKD HK$)
Turkmenistan (HKD HK$)
Turks & Caicos Islands (USD $)
Tuvalu (AUD $)
U.S. Outlying Islands (USD $)
Uganda (UGX)
Ukraine (UAH ₴)
United Arab Emirates (AED)
United Kingdom (GBP £)
United States (USD $)
Uruguay (UYU $)
Uzbekistan (UZS)
Vanuatu (VUV)
Vatican City (EUR €)
Venezuela (USD $)
Vietnam (VND ₫)
Wallis & Futuna (XPF CFPF)
Western Sahara (MAD)
Yemen (YER)
Zambia (HKD HK$)
Zimbabwe (USD $)