Last Updated on February 4, 2025
1. INTRODUCTION.
1.1 Visme (“Company,” or “we,” or “us,” or “our”) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website and service users (“users,” or “you”). VISME provides presentation and design tools (“Service” or “Company Service”) via the Company website(s) offered from time to time at the URL www.visme.co (collectively, the “Site,” or “Sites”). The Company Service is owned and operated by Easy WebContent, Inc. (“Company”, “we” or “us”).
1.2 Unless specified otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies to your personal information (described below) processed by Visme as a data controller, on or via the Website. Some of our policies are different when our Site is used for K-12 school purposes and these policies are displayed at the end of each Section where such policies may differ from our standard policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the extent we process personal information in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including where we offer Visme’s online content creation tools, platform and services (the “Services”) to our customers, and various other products and services through which our customers (or their service providers and affiliates) send electronic communications, or otherwise collect, use, share or process personal information via our products and services.
When applications, platforms, extensions or other solutions that are provided by us and link to this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy applies. When these offerings are provided by third parties, the privacy policy of the third party applies and this Privacy Policy does not.
Where you have responded to a survey, form, questionnaire or application sent to you by a creator using a Visme service, you will need to reach out directly to that individual or organization to discuss managing, deleting, accessing, restricting access to or otherwise withdrawing consent for use of the information which you provided to them in your responses. Visme does not control your response data and, accordingly, is not in a position to directly handle these requests in relation to that data. If you are having difficulties finding this creator or if you have any other questions after reading this Privacy Notice, you can contact us through our support team and we will try our best to help you.
1.3 Terms of Service. Use of the Company Service is subject to the terms of our Terms of Service through our online form, which is hereby incorporated and made part of this Privacy Policy. By using the Company Service, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Service.
1.4 Your use of the Company Service is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”).
1.5 We continually strive to find new ways to enhance your experience with the Company Service, and we may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. You are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to check the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy for the most recent version. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of notice through the Website, the Application, or any other part of the Company Service.
We can update this Policy anytime we want.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE COMPANY SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO SUCH TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE COMPANY SERVICE.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
2.1 Information you provide us directly.
We may ask for certain information when you register for an account or correspond with us (such as a username, your first and last names, birth date, phone number, profession and e-mail address).
We also collect any messages you send us through the Service and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the Service to you, to correspond with you, and to address any issues you raise about the Service.
2.2 Information we receive from third parties
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or login, for example, through Facebook Connect or Google by “following,” “liking,” “log in” etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to us. This information could include but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token necessary to access that service, and any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them. You may also unlink your third-party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third-party service. If you unlink your third-party account, we will no longer receive information collected about you in connection with that service. We may also receive information about you and your engagement with our advertisements from our ad servers, ad networks, and social media platforms. Some of our Services let you access your accounts and your information via other service providers.
Visme’s use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Google user data usage is limited to providing or improving user-facing features that are prominent in the user interface.
2.3 Information we collect from you automatically
We will directly collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that assists us in improving the Service.
2.4 Cookies information and information are taken from similar technologies
When you visit the Service, we will send cookies, small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us do things like help you log in faster, enhance your navigation through the site, remembering your preferences and generally improve the user experience. Cookies also convey information to us about how you use the Service and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time. They also allow us to deliver personalized advertisements that may be of interest to you and measure their effectiveness.
You can control or reset your cookies and similar technologies through your web browser, which will allow you to customize your cookie preferences and refuse all cookies, or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
2.5 Log file information
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service.
2.6 Device identifiers
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device (including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets), we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service. A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
2.7 From Form Responders
When you fill in or complete a form used by one of our customers, we collect information relating to you and your use of our services:
Form responses. We collect and store the form responses that you submit, in some cases using third-party server providers like Amazon Web Services on behalf of our Customers. The form creator is responsible for this data, and they manage it. A form may ask you to provide personal information or data. If you have any questions about a form that a Customer has sent to you or given you access to fill in, or about the data to be provided in the form, please contact the form creator directly, since Visme is not responsible for the content of that form. The form creator may have their own privacy policy.
We treat unique form questions and responses as information that is private unless a party other than Visme has made that information public. We don’t use form data other than as described in this privacy policy without our Customers’ consent. We don’t sell Customers’ form data, nor do we make it available to third parties without the Customer’s permission.
We use information gathered from and provided by our customers to provide our customers services and technical support, assist them with form design and creation, provide technical troubleshooting, manage our relationship with them, and gather information on how they use our service.
Information K-12
K-12 Personally Identifiable Information is information gathered by us that is descriptive of a student or otherwise identifies a student, including, but not limited to, information in the student’s educational record or email, first and last name, home address, date of birth, telephone number, unique pupil identifier, social security number, financial or insurance account numbers, email address, other information that allows physical or online contact, discipline records, test results, special education data, juvenile dependency records, grades, evaluations, criminal records, medical records, health records, biometric information, disabilities, socioeconomic information, food purchases, political affiliations, religious information, text messages, documents, other student identifiers, search activity, photos, voice recordings, or geolocation information. Covered Information shall include any personally identifiable information or materials:
(a) in any media or format, including but not limited to our online Service;
(i) “Online Service” includes cloud computing services.
(b) is created or provided by a student, or the student’s parent or legal guardian, to us in the course of the student’s, parent’s, or legal guardian’s use of the Site or Service or K12 school purposes;
(i) “K-12 school purposes” means purposes that customarily take place at the direction of the K12 school, teacher, or school district or aid in the administration of school activities, including, but not limited to, instruction in the classroom or at home, administrative activities, and collaboration between students, school personnel, or parents, or are for the use and benefit of the school.
(c) is created or provided by an employee or agent of the K12 school, school district, local education agency, or county office of education, to us.
(d) we may use Covered Information to product Services to you solely for K-12 school purposes.
(e) we will not use any Covered Information to deliver targeted advertising.
(f) we will not use any Covered Information to amass a profile about a K-12 student.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
Purposes for Using Information.
We use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services-for example, to set up and maintain your account, host your website, backup and restore your website, charge you for any of our paid Services;
To further develop and improve our Services-for example, by adding new features that we think our users will enjoy or will help them to create and manage their websites more efficiently;
To monitor and analyze trends and better understand how users interact with our Services, which helps us improve our Services and make them easier to use;
To measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition — for example, we may analyze how many individuals purchased a paid plan after receiving a marketing message or the features used by those who continue to use our Services after a certain length of time;
We use the information we collect about you for the purposes set out above which we have described in more detail below:
3.1 Providing you with the Service: We use the information that you provide us to provide the Service to you. This includes allowing you to log, operate and maintain the Service, giving you access to your designs, and billing you. We also use the information we collect about you automatically to remember information about you so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
3.2 For data analytics: We use information about you to help us improve the Service and our users’ experience, including by monitoring aggregate metrics such as the total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.
3.3 Customizing the Service for you: We use the information you provide us and information about you to make sure that your use of the Service is customized to your needs. For example, if you tell us your profession to recommend designs that are likely to be relevant to you.
3.4 To communicate with you about the Service: We use your contact information to get in touch with you and to send communications about critical elements of the Service. For example, we may send you emails about technical issues, security alerts, or administrative matters.
3.5 To promote and drive engagement with the Service: We use your contact information to get in touch with you about features and offers relating to the Service that we think you would be interested in. We also use the information we collect about you to make sure that you get the most relevant offers and promotions based on your use of the Service and your preferences.
3.6 For advertising purposes: We use information about you, including cookies information and other information we collect from you automatically, to serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising on the Service.
3.7 Customer happiness: We use information about you, information that you provide, and information about your interactions with the Service to resolve technical issues you experience with the Service, and to ensure that we can repair and improve the Service for all users.
3.8 For security measures: We use information about you to monitor activity that we think is suspicious or potentially fraudulent and to identify violations of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.
3.9 For matters that you have specifically consented to: From time to time we may seek your consent to use your information for a particular purpose. Where you consent to our doing so, we will use it for that purpose. Where you no longer want us to use your information for that purpose you may withdraw your consent to this use.
3.10 For matters in which we are required to use your information by law: we will use or disclose your information where we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Service, our Users or others.
4. WHERE DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
4.1 Your personal information and files are stored on our servers on Amazon Web Services in the US. We always take steps to ensure that your information remains protected in accordance with applicable laws.
5. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION.
5.1 We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies, this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company, and all its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
Here’s where we tell you whether we are going to share your data with others.
5.2 for K-12. We will not sell, lease, rent, trade or otherwise make available a student’s information, including covered information, except that in the event of a purchase, merger or other type of acquisition of us by another party, that party may use Covered Information in the same manner we do.
5.3 Financial transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
5.4 We may disclose your inquiry data to one or more of those selected third-party suppliers of services via APIs identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to connect your account with their Services, if any. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the inquiry data that we supply to it. Each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.
If you use our Service or Site to connect with other parties, you should check their Privacy Policy; we’re not responsible for those.
5.5 Third Parties: We employ third parties to perform functions on our behalf such as companies hosting or operating the Site, processing and/or fulfilling orders for products purchased through the Service, sending e-mail and/or other communications, and maintaining customer and user information and databases. These third parties may have access to your personal information in connection with performing these functions.
We will also share your information with third parties in certain circumstances, such as where you consent to our sharing it with a third party for a particular purpose. So, for example, if you enable the Google Sheets integration function, then when you fill out submit data, it transfers automatically to GoogleSheets. The application that uses the Google API Services is subject to the Google Privacy Policy. Google user data usage is limited to providing or improving user-facing features that are prominent in the user interface.
5.6 In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us, our parent, or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred, or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets.
5.7 We do disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We’ll notify you when we’re asked to hand over your personal information in this way unless we’re legally prohibited from doing so. When we receive requests like this, we’ll only release your personal information if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so.
5.8 The third parties will receive only the information required to provide said specific services; the information will be kept and protected by the same principles and level of protection followed by Visme, and it cannot be used for any other purposes. We do not transfer or disclose your information to third parties for purposes other than the ones provided.
5.9 We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Third-Party Providers and the public. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) or use Third Party Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our users to administer the Service. We may also publish this aggregated information for promotional purposes. Such data is collected on our behalf and is owned and used by us.
5.10 We may use Third-Party Providers to serve ads when you participate in the Service. We may use ad networks and social media platforms (like Facebook, Google, LiveRamp, Outbrain, Taboola and Appsflyer) to deliver personalized advertisements (“ads”) on our Service and other sites that may be of interest to you and/or to measure their effectiveness, and/or to identify potential new users of our Service. We may share certain information with our third party advertising partners, such as your email address, location, cookie information and information relating to your use of our Service, and allow partners to perform a match of your information against information from other third party networks or sites to serve ads either on the Service or on third party sites and to measure the effectiveness of these ads. We also share certain information with social media platforms, such as Facebook and Tiktok, to display advertising to potential new users whose demographics and behaviour look like those of our existing users. The use of tracking technologies by Third Parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith. If you’d like to opt-out of tracking technologies you can contact us at
support@visme.co
.
We may use an analytics tool that provides session replay, heatmaps, funnels, form analytics, feedback surveys, and similar features/functionality. This tool may record your clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, form fills (keystrokes) in non-excluded fields, pages visited and content, time on site, browser, operating system, device type (desktop/tablet/phone), screen resolution, visitor type (first time/returning), referrer, IP address, location (city/country), language, project content, and similar metadata. If you’d like to opt-out, you can contact us at
support@visme.co
. If you’d like to obtain a copy of your data, make a correction, or have it erased, please contact us at
support@visme.co
.
6. CONSENT TO TRANSFER INFORMATION.
6.1 Your information may be transferred to servers and databases located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction, and process it in the United States or elsewhere. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer.
7. ABOUT COOKIES.
7.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
7.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session.
7.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
8. COOKIES THAT WE USE.
8.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and services, and as you navigate our website.
(b) status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website.
(c) personalization – we use cookies [to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website and services for you.
(d) security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally.
(e) advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you. This section (e) does not apply to K-12.
(f) analysis – we use cookies [to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services; and
(g) cookie consent – we use cookies [to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
9. COOKIES USED BY OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS.
9.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
9.2 We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
10. MANAGING COOKIES.
10.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
If you want to shut off cookies and prevent Sites from tracking you, here’s how.
10.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
10.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
11. ANALYTICS.
11.1 We continuously improve our websites and our products, and we utilize different third-party web analytics tools to help us do so. We are interested in how visitors use our websites, our desktop tools, our mobile applications, what they like and dislike, and where they have problems. Our products, desktop tools, and mobile applications, as available from time to time, use analytical tools to understand feature usage patterns, to enhance and improve your product experience and offer you specific usage tips and guidance. In connection with normal business operations, as well as to increase functionality and enhance your user experience, this usage information may be linked to personal information that we have about individual users. We maintain ownership of this data and we do not share this type of data about individual users with third parties.
11.2 for K-12
This usage information will not be linked to Covered Information that we have about individual users.
12. USE OF THIRD-PARTY TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.
12.1 Use of Third-Party Tracking Technologies (Reddit Pixel).
We use third-party tracking technologies, including Reddit Pixel, to collect data about user interactions with our website. This data helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, optimize user experience, and deliver relevant advertisements.
12.2 What Information is Collected?
When you visit our website, Reddit Pixel may collect the following data:
Pages you visit and actions you take on our site
Your device and browser information
Your IP address and approximate location
Other technical details necessary for advertising analytics
12.3 How is This Data Used?
The collected information may be shared with Reddit to:
Measure and improve the performance of our ads on Reddit
Deliver personalized advertising based on your interactions
Analyze aggregated trends to enhance our marketing strategies
12.4 Your Choices & Opt-Out Options.
You can manage or opt out of tracking by adjusting your browser settings, using tools such as the Reddit opt-out settings (Reddit Privacy Preferences), or using third-party services like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out tool (NAI Opt-Out).
12.5 By continuing to use our website, you acknowledge and consent to the use of Reddit Pixel and other third-party tracking technologies as described in this policy.
13. SECURITY OF INFORMATION.
13.1 You may be able to access your Personally Identifiable Information via the Company Service with your password and username. This password is encrypted. We advise against sharing your password with anyone. If you access your account via a third-party site or service, you may have additional or different sign-in protections via that third-party site or service. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-in mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer, browser, or mobile device by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. If we believe that the security of your information may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development.
13.2 We are committed to taking all reasonable precautions to safeguard the privacy of personal information which has been provided by its users. We use technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect your personal information. Security measures such as restricted access and the use of passwords and encryption have been adopted to protect your personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. Our employees have been trained to respect your privacy at all times and those employees with access to your personal information shall use your personal information strictly in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
13.3 Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet or via e-mail is completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee protection of all personal information in all cases. For example, we cannot guarantee protection against interception, misappropriation, misuse, or alteration, or that your information will not be disclosed or accessed by the unauthorized acts of others. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Materials posted to online forums such as bulletin boards or chat rooms are public, not secure, and may be viewed by anyone. Any personal information you post may be collected and used by anyone and may result in unsolicited messages from other parties.
14. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.
14.1 California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by COPPA, we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Service and the categories of third-party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. COPPA further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or physical mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with our marketing partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department and labeled “California Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this notice.
14.2 Other California Privacy Rights. California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us via phone, email, or write to us as provided below in our Contact Us Section.
15. ADDITIONAL RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS.
15.1. The This section of the policy applies to Visme users that are located in the United States. In certain U.S. states, Visme users have additional rights afforded to them under applicable state privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act.
Rights in respect of your personal information
These state privacy laws give resident users various rights with respect to the personal information we collect, including the right to (subject to applicable law and certain limitations):
Request access to the personal information Visme has collected about you;
Request that Visme delete your personal information;
Request that Visme correct inaccurate personal information;
Opt out from the “sale” of your personal information;
Opt out of the “sharing” of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising;
Appeal decisions where we deny your rights request.
Exercising your rights
You may make a request by contacting us at
support@visme.co
. We will authenticate your request using the email address associated with your Visme account and if necessary, proof of residency. Depending on applicable state law, you may also appeal a refusal to take action on a request by contacting us at
support@visme.co
.
You may opt out of the “selling or sharing” of your personal information, which may include us sharing your information with third party advertising partners or providing your employer with information confirming whether or not you use Visme using their email domain. You can opt out by following the instructions on the “Do not sell or share my personal information” banner, or by emailing
support@visme.co
.
15.2. The laws of some countries grant particular rights in respect of personal information. Individuals in certain countries, including the United Kingdom, and Brazil have the right to:
Request access to their information;
Request that we correct inaccuracies in their information;
Request that their information be deleted or that we restrict access to it;
Request a structured electronic version of their information; and
Object to our use of their information.
Should you wish to make a request in respect of your personal information please contact us at
support@visme.co
. You also have the right to object to our processing of personal data about you in for marketing purposes and we will stop processing data for that purpose.
16. ADDITIONAL TERMS THAT APPLY TO SOME RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”).
16.1 In addition to the rights already recorded above, if you are based in the EEA, you may have the following additional rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you, in accordance with The General Data Protection Regulation 2016/67. For the purposes of the GDPR and UK GDPR, Easy WebContent, Inc. is the data controller with a registered address at 9211 Corporate Blvd. Suite 308 Rockville MD, 20850.
16.2 For Users in the EEA, where we transfer your information to a third party provider that is not located in the EEA, and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, we will require those third-party providers to enter into an agreement that provides appropriate safeguards for your information, including by using the EU Model Clauses.
17. YOUR RIGHTS.
17.1 In this Section, we have summarized the rights that you may have under data protection laws depending on your location and country of residence. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Here’s one of the most important parts about the new regulations and laws. You have the right to know all about what we collect, how we collect it, the right to move the data elsewhere and the right to have us delete your data and more. This is where you get to decide how your data is treated; you’re in control.
17.2 Your principal rights under data protection laws may include:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
17.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by visiting your profile when logged in.
Do we record and keep any of your data?
17.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
If we do, and it’s wrong, you can demand we correct it.
17.5 In some circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay, and at the latest within one month of receiving your valid request. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully process. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
(a) We provide users with options to access and fully delete all of the data associated with their accounts, subject to any exclusions that may apply. Use the guide [below, or go to
https://support.visme.co/?s=delete
to use the self-serve deletion feature under your Account > Account Settings > Delete Your Account].
(b) How to Request Deletion of Your Account. We recommend using this method only if you cannot delete your account yourself by logging in and using the instructions in section 9.5 a [above]. We can only delete data for people who can reasonably prove they are owners of the data in question. We will need to verify your ownership of the data. To submit this request, contact our support team by sending an email to
support@visme.co
and make sure to provide your Full Name, your Username associated with your account and your account#.
You might have the right to erasure of your data; not always though so read the language carefully.
17.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful, but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
17.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
17.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You can always opt out of receiving marketing messages from us.
17.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
17.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
17.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
17.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
18. CHILDREN.
The Company Service are not directed to people under the age of thirteen (13). If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at the email address listed below. If we become aware that a child under thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
18.1 for K-12
This clause does not apply when we are providing services to K-12.
If you think we’ve done something wrong with your data and we haven’t resolved the issue, you can file a complaint with the government.
19. RETAINING AND DELETING PERSONAL DATA.
19.1 This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
We will usually keep your data on record, until you tell us to delete it.
19.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall be kept until such time as we receive a request for deletion from you.
19.3 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
20 FOR K-12.
In addition to those rights as outlined above, we will delete a student’s Covered Information if the school or district requests deletion of data under the control of the school or district.
21. CONTACT US.
If you have any comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy or wish to report any violation of this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Email:
Support@visme.co
Regular mail:
Visme
9211 Corporate Blvd.
Suite 308
Rockville, MD 20850