Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
2
Loading…
{"id": "1YlQzFg9ZZLZ7QNL8HAq2mXYlmQvPK21p", "title": "PaletteCamera_TOS_Privacy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 2
Palette Camera
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Palette
Camera deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet.
Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our iOS applications. To be specific, we do not
require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers'
visits of our application, we don't even have a server to store such PII.
Palette Camera uses Google as an ads provider. Google wants to show ads that are relevant to you. For more
information, please check https://policies.google.com/privacy
If you have any concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and
what it means, please feel free to email us at barry@apptappstudios.com, we will endeavor to provide clear answers
to your questions in a timely manner.
Terms of Service
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Palette Camera.
By accessing the service, we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. You may not use Palette Camera
if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
Basic Introduction
In order to use the service or access the content, you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions. Palette
Camera does NOT claim ANY ownership rights in the text, files, images, photos, works of authorship, or any other
materials (collectively, "Content") that you created, you are solely responsible for all the content that you create using
the service. It is your responsibility to make sure your use of the services is legal where you use them. And you retain
the rights to all the content you created.
Modifications to These Items
Palette Camera reserves the right to alter these Terms at any time in its sole discretion. When we make material
changes to the Terms, we’ll provide you with prominent notice in an appropriate way, please make sure you have
read the notice in advance carefully. Your continued use of the Palette Camera services after such notification of
changes to the Terms will constitute your agreement and acceptance to such changes. You may stop using the
Service under the new version of these Terms if you object to the changes.
Copyright and Trademarks
The services provide users with the ability to create content owned by yourselves. Palette Camera will not have any
ownership rights in the works you created. You represent and warrant that you own the content created by you.
However, the Service and its original Content (“Palette Camera Content”) is protected by copyright, trademark,
patent, trade secret and other laws. Palette Camera owns and retains all rights in the Palette Camera content and the
Palette Camera Services.
Page 2 of 2
Disclaimer of Warranty
Palette Camera Service is provided “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, without express or implied warranty or condition
of any kind. You use the Palette Camera Service at your own risk. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
Palette Camera and all owners of the content make no representations and disclaim any warranties or conditions of
satisfactory quality, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
Limitations of Liability
In no event shall Palette Camera be liable for any loss or damages (including without limitation of any direct, indirect,
punitive, special, incidental or consequential loss or damage):
- Access to the Service or inability to access to the Service;
- Any third party's conduct, content, information or data;
- Personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and/or use of (or your
inability to access and use) the Palette Camera services, including, without limitation, making private content public or
any damage caused to your computer or software or information stored thereon;
- Any unauthorized access to or use of Palette Camera Services and/or any and all personal, private, and/ or other
information stored therein.
Thank You. If you have any questions concerning the Service or the Terms, please contact us by email at
barry@apptappstudios.com
PaletteCamera_TOS_Privacy.pdf
PaletteCamera_TOS_Privacy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying PaletteCamera_TOS_Privacy.pdf. Page 1 of 2