Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Four Star Pizza (Ireland) Ltd (Four Star Pizza)
Protection of your personal data
This privacy statement provides information about the processing and the protection of your personal data.
•    Introduction
•    Why and how do we process your personal data?
•    On what legal ground(s) do we process your personal data?
•    What personal data do we collect and further process?
•    How long do we keep your personal data?
•    How do we protect and safeguard your personal data?
•    Who has access to your personal data and to whom is it disclosed?
•    What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
•    Contact information
Introduction
Four Star Pizza (Ireland) Limited (hereafter ‘FSP’) is committed to protect your personal data and to respect your privacy. FSP collects and further processes personal data pursuant Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 th day of April 2016.
This privacy statement explains the reason for the processing of your personal data, the way we collect, handle and ensure protection of all personal data provided, how that information is used and what rights you have in relation to your personal data. It also specifies the contact details of the responsible Data Controller with whom you may exercise your rights, the Data Protection Officer and the European Data Protection Supervisor.
We should note that as you have come to this policy on the Fourstarpizza.co.uk website that the processing of data by FSP comes within the territorial scope of Article 3 of Regulation EU 2016/679 and so that all of the processing or personal data by FSP comes within the scope of that regulation notwithstanding the fact that you are resident in the UK,
However, as the processing of personal data for the purposes of sales to UK Residents also falls within the scope of the Data Protection Act 2018 in the UK section 207(3) and Article 3 of the UK GDPR then some of the processing, namely the offering for sale of products to UK residents by FSP, is subject to UK data protection law. However, UK GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are substantially the same as the general processing of personal data rules pursuant to EU 2016/679, where a data controller offers products for sale to UK residents, as of the date of this policy statement.
Why and how do we process your personal data?
Purpose of the processing operation
FSP collects and uses your personal information to allow you to purchase its products and arrange for their payment and delivery and, also, to contact you with information in relation into special offers and other product promotions and in this way personalise your user experience. This includes the possibility of signing up to its website so that access to the online services is shortened and more personal to you. Additionally, on signing up your personal data will be used so that loyalty bonuses will be made available to you.
From time to time, FSP will carry out surveys and will sometimes use your personal data for establishing better access to its products for different areas and different customers. Additionally, surveys will be carried out on anonymised data too. In either case you will have the option to take part or refuse to take part in those surveys.
The processing operation consists of storing the personal data you provide us with when you register and or purchase one of our products and using it to provide you with the requested services. In addition, your personal data will be used to provide you with push notifications of offers and loyalty programme benefits. Where opted in by you mobile and email communications will also use your personal data.
On what legal ground(s) do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data, because:
processing is necessary for the performance of the contract for the purchases of our products
by registering you have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes, including where appropriate consent for the use of your personal data for completion of surveys and notifications of offers and loyalty bonus schemes.
Legal basis for the processing
Article 6 of GDPR 2016/679 (which is the same as UK GDPR Article 6 and this legislation will apply to the processing of data by FSP in relation only in the case of sales to you of our products if you are resident in the UK
1(a) the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes
1(b)processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject to entering into a contract
1(f)processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental right and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
Which personal data do we collect and further process?
In order to carry out this processing operation, FSP collects the following categories of personal data:
for access to FSP Loyalty Programme
: first name, surname, email address. If provided, also your preferred language and if appropriate whether you want to be informed about FSP Offers
for purchasing FSP products
: first name, last name, email address, as well as information on your orders, your address or the delivery address if different, banking or credit card details and whether you want to be informed about FSP offers;
for participation in surveys
: requested personal data varies depending on the purpose of the survey. However, it is unlikely to extend beyond your location and the data describing the purchases you have made from FSP whether online or instore.
The provision of personal data is mandatory if you want to benefit from the listed services.
How long do we keep your personal data?
FSP only keeps your personal data for the time necessary to fulfil the purpose of collection or further processing, namely for providing you with the requested services.
Registration and loyalty programme
when your account has been inactive for a prolonged period and it is deemed by FSP to be inactive you will receive an email informing you that unless you login again we will delete your account after a further 30 days
Receiving the FSP promotions
If you have provided your explicit consent to receiving promotional material from FSP you will remain on the mailing list until you unsubscribe.
For participation in surveys
Your data will be kept as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes of the survey.
How do we protect and safeguard your personal data?
All personal data in electronic format (emails, documents, databases, uploaded batches of data, etc.) are stored on the servers operated by contractors of FSP in compliance with FSP’s and the contractor’s compliance with GDPR Regulation (EU) 2016/679 or as the case maybe UK GDPR where the processing relates to the sales of products to UK residents.
FSP’s contractors are bound by a specific contractual clause for any processing operations of your data on behalf of FSP, and by the confidentiality obligations deriving from the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’ Regulation 2016/679 and for UK sales the UK GDPR). Further in some case the contractors if based outside the EU will either have agreed to standard contractual clause or be located in a country or be an international organisation which the Commission has decided ensures an adequate level of protection. The UK GDPR provides for adequacy decisions in relation to all 27 EU Countries so no further protection measures are required to satisfy UK GDPR where there are transfers of your data from the UK to Ireland.
In order to protect your personal data, FSP has put in place a number of technical and organisational measures. Technical measures include appropriate actions to address online security, risk of data loss, alteration of data or unauthorised access, taking into consideration the risk presented by the processing and the nature of the personal data being processed. Organisational measures include restricting access to the personal data solely to authorised persons with a legitimate need to know for the purposes of this processing operation.
If you participate in a survey, we may transfer your personal data to our contractor to fulfil the purpose of the survey.
Who has access to your personal data and to whom is it disclosed?
Access to your personal data is provided to FSP staff and by staff of processors responsible for carrying out this processing operation and to authorised staff according to the “need-to-know” principle. Such staff abide by statutory rules and, when required, additional confidentiality agreements.
What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
You have specific rights as a ‘data subject’ under Chapter III (Articles 12-23) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, or as the case maybe in the same chapter in UK GDPR, in particular the right of access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data and the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Where applicable, you also have the right to object to the processing or the right to data portability.
Where you have consented to provide your personal data to FSP you can withdraw your consent at any time by notifying the data controller. The withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out before you have withdrawn the consent.
You can exercise your rights by contacting FSP, the data controller, at the address specified below. If necessary, you can also address the Data Protection Commissioner at 21 Fitzwilliam Square Dublin 2.
If you wish to exercise your rights in the context of one or several specific processing operations, please provide their description in your request.
Contact information
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) of FSP
You may contact the Data Protection Office of FSP with regard to issues related to the processing of your personal data under GDPR/or UK GDPR by contacting the following email address; info@fourstarpizza.ie or info@fourstarpizza.co.uk if UK GDPR applies to you.
The Data Protection Commissioner/ (for UK Residents) the Information Commissioner
You have the right to have recourse (i.e. you can lodge a complaint) to the Data Protection Commissioner if you consider that your rights under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 have been infringed as a result of the processing of your personal data by FSP. The Data Commissioner is located at 21 Fitzwilliam Square Dublin 2 or can be contacted online at www.dataprotection.ie
If you are based in the UK and you have a complaint about FSP’s processing of data in relation to the offering of sale of products in the UK by FSP you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner who can be contacted at http//ico.org.uk