Language: EN |
ES
|
JP
|
NL
Privacy Policy
At GoContractor (“we, our, us”), we take our responsibilities under applicable data protection law, including the General Data Protection Regulation and implementing legislation very seriously. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to tell you about the data we collect, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our website, our app or the GoContractor platform. See our
Cookies Policy
for details of our use of cookies when you interact with our website or our app.
If you have any questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us at the above address, or alternatively you can contact us on +353 (0)1 4869379, or check
gocontractor.com
for further contact details.
Data Collection
Website/Application Usage
We use Google Analytics to track usage of our website and app. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual and in no way do we track individual e-mail addresses, usage of web pages or any other information personally identifying you.
The GoContractor Platform
GoContractor provides a contractor management platform that allows its customers to register, train and manage their workers online.
When workers register with the GoContractor platform, we collect personal identification data to create a user profile and login details. GoContractor is the Data Controller for the personal data used to create the user profile and login details.
Once a worker has created their user profile, they can choose to work with our customers by accepting an invitation from one or more customers.
When a worker accepts an invitation, they are asked to provide further data to allow the customer to determine whether the worker is suitably qualified to perform their duties. The data that the worker is asked to provide is determined by the customer and is tailored to the specific requirements of the project.
The customer is the Data Controller for any data provided following the acceptance of an invitation and GoContractor is the Data Processor.
Via Our Customers
As well as collecting information from workers directly, we may also receive or obtain information from sub-contractors as well our customer(s) for whom workers are ultimately working.
What Personal Data Do We Collect?
If you choose to register with us for the GoContractor platform we will need you to provide us with your name and a login method; we accept email, phone number or third party login providers such as Google or Apple.
The legal basis on which we collect, process and transfer workers’ information in the manner described above is our
legitimate interests
in conducting our business in a responsible and commercially prudent manner and enabling workers to connect and qualify for work with one or more of our customers.
If you choose to accept an invitation from one of our customers on the GoContractor platform, you will be required to complete one or more online qualification forms before you can begin to work with that customer. Each qualification form details the legal bases for requiring the information and how long that piece of information will be retained.
How the GoContractor platform uses personal data
To allow you to access and use the GoContractor contractor management platform enabling you to work for one or more of our customers and, manage your profile and qualifications and training record
To allow our customers to verify your identity, employment and training record and to check that you are permitted and qualified to work on the projects for which you have applied and to allow them to comply with any legal obligations
To respond to any questions or queries that you send to us or where you have requested it:
Provide you with information on other relevant services available to you from GoContractor and our Group companies
Provide you with information on other potential opportunities for new or different work opportunities
Send you newsletters and other information related to your industry
We may also in future, carry out GoContractor user satisfaction surveys and GoContractor may send you promotional and marketing materials, subject to any preference that you express when we collect your contact details or subsequently. You can opt out of receiving promotional and marketing materials from us at any time through links in our emails to you or by contacting us at the address or telephone number above.
Your Choices & Obligations
Requirement to provide data and consequences
You are not under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide us with any personal data. However, some of the information required by our or our customers’ application forms is necessary in order for us and/or them to comply with our/their obligations under applicable law and, if you do not provide us (and thus them) with these required details, then they may not be able to allow you to work on their projects. You are also free to de-register with us at any time, however, if you remove your account, it may no longer be possible for you to work with companies who use the GoContractor platform.
Right to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or amend your personal data through the GoContractor platform however, in certain circumstances, we may not be able to comply with your request, such as when your data is required to be retained for legal/compliance requirements.
Your rights
Delete Data:
You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide services to you).
Change or Correct Data:
You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data:
You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data:
You can download a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form from your account on our platform at any time.
Account Closure
We delete closed account information within 28 days of account closure, except as noted below. We may retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security and prevent fraud and abuse.
Other Important Information
Sharing of personal data
We may disclose your personal data with third party recipients in connection with the above purposes, including:
to third parties who we engage to provide services to us or to those customers, such as web hosting providers, professional advisers, auditors, insurers and outsourced service providers
to other members of our group or affiliates
to third parties, their agents and professional advisors, subject to confidentiality obligations, for the purpose of a due diligence exercise by third parties in connection with any proposed merger, acquisition, re-organisation or transfer of our business and to any person proposing to participate in, promote, underwrite or manage any such arrangement, and
to competent regulatory or other authorities and bodies as requested or required by law.
Retention
We will not hold your data for longer than is necessary. We will retain your personal data for the duration of your use of the GoContractor platform and for such a period of time after such period ends as is necessary to comply with our obligations under applicable law and, if relevant, to deal with any claim or dispute that might arise in connection with your contract.
Our customers may be required to retain information provided by you because the law requires them to and may also retain the information to deal with any claim or dispute that might arise in connection with your work. For example, they may be required to keep safety qualifications due to regulations applicable to their industry – e.g. construction.
Transfers Abroad
In connection with the above we might transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area, including to a jurisdiction which is not recognized by the European Commission as providing for an equivalent level of protection for personal data as is provided for in the European Union. If and to the extent that we do so, we will ensure that appropriate measures are in place to comply with our obligations under applicable law governing such transfers. These may include entering into a contract governing the transfer that contains the ‘standard contractual clauses’ approved for this purpose by the European Commission or, in respect of transfers to the United States of America, ensuring that the transfer is covered by the EU-US Privacy Shield framework. If you would like to receive further details of the measures that we have taken in this regard, please contact us at the address or telephone number above.
On qualification for any particular customer, you will also be provided with information on whether any of your personal data will be transferred abroad.
Security
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data. The GoContractor platform is hosted by Amazon AWS, located in secure facilities and complying with international best practice security certifications. We regularly monitor our systems for vulnerabilities and attacks and ensure that all operating systems and software patches are applied.
Queries and Complaints
We want you have confidence in how we use your data. If you have any queries or complaints in connection with our processing of your personal data, you can contact GoContractor at the address or telephone number above.
If you are not happy with the way we have used your information or addressed your rights, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission. Details of how to lodge a complaint can be found (https://www.dataprotection.ie)
Updates
This Privacy Policy may be amended by GoContractor from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes affecting our use of your personal data.
Last Updated 14th January 2021