Imprint and Privacy Statement
Valid as of May 28, 2024
Preamble
We would like to inform you in this privacy statement about the type, scope and purpose of
personal data collection, processing and use upon use of the websites provided by Lecturio,
“www.lecturio.de”, “www.lecturio.com”, and sub-domains like “kunde.lecturio.com” and of the
services offered on such websites (e.g. apps). Lecturio is trustworthy and the protection of your personal data is very important. This is why we would like to show you in a transparent way how and why your data are being used. We would like to offer you user-friendly, good, customer oriented and secure services by storing, processing and using personal data.
Lecturio also complies with U.S. laws, including the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”), where applicable, which provide privacy protections for personal data.
§ 1 Definitions
Personal data
“personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject” or “you”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
Controller
“controller” means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
Processor
“processor” means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
Third party
“third party” means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data;
§ 2 Name and contact data of the controller
The following party is responsible within the meaning of EU-GDPR and other applicable data
protection laws of the European Union and its member states:
Lecturio GmbH
Käthe-Kollwitz-Str. 1
04109 Leipzig
(“Lecturio”, “we” or “us”)
Telephone: +49 341 355 699 – 70
support@lecturio.com
§ 3 Name and contact data of the data protection officer
The data protection officer of the controller for data processing is:
Mr. Stephan Hartmann
Lecturio GmbH
Käthe-Kollwitz-Str. 1
04109 Leipzig
(“data protection officer”)
Any person concerned may contact the data protection officer directly at any time at the above mentioned address or via email to
data-privacy@lecturio.com
if he/she has any questions or suggestions regarding data protection.
§ 4 Purpose and legal basis of data processing
Lecturio operates a platform that records online courses for students and professionals in
cooperation with experts and makes them available via browser and mobile apps. The services of Lecturio are generally time and location-independent.
Various data relating to your member account are collected, stored, processed and used
depending on the extent to which you use the services offered by us.
Collection of general data and information
Specific data transmitted by your browser when visiting our websites are stored automatically by our servers. The log files created thereby include data like your IP address, the URL and landing page, the time, type and number of requests, data volume transferred, date, time and duration of individual accesses, your browser type as well as other similar information that serve as emergency response in the case of attacks on our IT systems and as protection against license abuse.
The collection and use of the information stored in the log files only serves to correctly deliver the contents of our websites, for anonymous evaluations for statistical purposes (like analyzing the user behavior), to improve our services and to provide law enforcement authorities information necessary for prosecution in the case of cyber attacks. These data are not used to draw conclusions about a person concerned.
Data and information provided by the user
You may submit as registered user your own comments, learning notes, keywords (“tags”),
reviews and other similar information within the framework of use of our services (“user contents”) which are partially visible for other users also. We reserve the right to store, process and use posts that are visible for other users in anonymous form after the deletion of the user account also, unless you ask us not to. You can find out more about this in our terms of use:
https://www.lecturio.com/en/elearning/legal/termsofuse
Monitoring of learning progress
Our system collects data about your personal user behavior, such as your learning progress, viewed videos and answered quiz questions or similar activities in order to provide you with optimal support while learning. These may be viewed depending on the implementation of the administrators of your employer or your university / educational institution. Data regarding your learning progress are not passed on to unauthorized third parties under any circumstances.
Lecturer’s learning content
Learning content uploaded and created by using services provided by us – such as videos,
screencasts, quiz questions, documents and similar educational content (“educational content”) – is only available to users within the same organization in which they were created or submitted and to which they have been allocated.
Business inquiries and offers
You have as business client the possibility to request service offers for your company on our
website via a form. We use a service of HubSpot, 2nd Floor 30 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1,
Ireland (“Hubspot”) on our website for such inquiries. We hereby manage our inquiries by using an integrated software solution. All personal data sent via such form are transferred to Hubspot for further processing by a Lecturio employee. Hubspot also stores cookies on your computer. You can find more information about stored cookies and Hubspot data protection here:
https://legal.hubspot.com/de/privacy-policy
§ 5 Recipient of personal data
Additional processors and third parties are necessary for the delivery of our service. These
receive, inter alia, personal data. These services and the purposes for which the data are submitted to them are listed in the following paragraphs. Apart from this, only specific employees from Lecturio have access to personal data when this is required for delivering a service.
§ 6 User account and registration
We store and use data provided by you when subscribing to our services or using our services, such as when opening a member account, for the purpose of performing the services you would like to use according to contract. These data include email address, password, name, title as well as other information (such as age, sex, final degree, etc.) that you submit when setting up a member account. If you have submitted on this occasion a high school email address also, it will be used for the sole purpose of verifying if you attend that specific school or educational institute.
Facebook Connect
We offer you the possibility to register for our service with Facebook Connect. You will be
directed to the Facebook page for registration, where you can log in with your user data. Your Facebook profile will be hereby linked to our service. We automatically receive data, such as your user name and email address, from Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”) by linking. We use and store these data for the purpose of registration and authentication at Lecturio. The information submitted to us will be listed in detail when you log in at Lecturio via Facebook for the first time.
We only use your name, email address, date of birth and sex from these data. This information is absolutely necessary for the conclusion of contract, so that we may be able to identify you. You can find more information about Facebook Connect and privacy settings in the
privacy notice
and the
terms of use
of Facebook.
Google Sign-in
We offer you the possibility to register for our service with Google Sign-in. You will be directed to the Google page for registration, where you can log in with your user data. Your Google profile will be hereby linked to our service. We automatically receive data, such as your user name and email address, from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (“Google”) by linking. We use and store these data for the purpose of registration and authentication at Lecturio. The information submitted to us will be listed in detail when you log in at Lecturio via Google for the first time.
We only use your name, email address from these data. This information is absolutely necessary for the conclusion of contract, so that we may be able to identify you. You can find more information about Google Sign-in and privacy settings in the
privacy notice
and the
terms of use
of Google.
§ 7 Payment services
If you want to provide fee-based services on our website, you will have to additionally submit
bank, credit card or other payment processing data and your address as well as other information during the ordering process. Of course, we will handle all information submitted by you in accordance with legal requirements and within the framework of the collaboration agreed upon. Payment processing data will be forwarded to processors within the framework of the statutory provisions in order to be able to process the payment. We will not store your credit card data. The personal data provided by you and relevant for the payment processing are subject to the security and data protection regulations of the following services:
PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxemburg, Luxemburg (“PayPal”).
Braintree Inc., 222 W Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 800, Chicago, IL 60654, USA (“Braintree”).
Stripe Inc., 185 Berry Street, Suite 550, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (“Stripe”).
Braintree, Stripe and PayPal are PCI DSS certified and therefore meet the most stringent
requirements for safe handling and storage of credit card data.
You will find more information about the security of your personal data with regard to credit card payments on
https://www.braintreepayments.com/en-de/features/data-security
and
https://stripe.com/de/legal
.
You will find more information about the security of your personal data with regard to purchases on account on
https://www.ratepay.com/zusaetzliche-geschaeftsbedingungen-und-datenschutzhinweis-dach/
§ 8 Customer service
We use the Zendesk ticket system, a customer service platform from Zendesk Inc, 989 Market Street #300, San Francisco, CA 94102, USA (“Zendesk”), to process customer enquiries. For this purpose, necessary data such as surname, first name, postal address, telephone number, email address and technical data such as browser type or app version are collected via our services, such as the website and mobile apps, in order to be able to respond to your request for information. We treat all data provided confidentially. Data provided and the message history with our customer chat are stored for follow-up questions and subsequent contact. The data will be deleted upon termination of membership with Lecturio and at the request of the person concerned.
Further information on the security of your personal data and data processing by Zendesk can be found in Zendesk’s privacy policy at
http://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy
. If you have any questions, you can also contact Zendesk’s data protection officer directly: privacy@zendesk.com”
§ 9 Cookies
We use so-called cookies on our websites. These are small text information that is stored on
your computer. Cookies enable us to speed up the navigation on our website, to adapt it to your needs and interests and to avoid the misuse of our services. Our server may thus identify your computer as soon as you connect to our website, so that you don’t have to log in every time you visit our website.
We use so-called permanent cookies on our websites. These enable us to preserve and provide your personal settings or displays over a longer period (depending on each service) within the context of the service. Permanent cookies are deleted automatically after a specified duration that may be different for each cookie. You may delete the cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser.
You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and refuse to accept cookies. But please note that you may not be able to use all functions of the website in this case.
Cookies that are stored by our service in your browser:
Cookie name
Purpose
Storage duration
lssn
This is a session cookie. This saves a so-called session identifier (session ID). This is used to assign several requests from a user on our website to his session so that the user does not have to log in again on each subpage or re-enter other information that has already been entered.
Duration of the browser session
lctrk
This cookie contains a visitor ID that is used to assign the "visitor progress" (videos viewed, solved quiz questions) to a user account when this user registers as a new visitor.
2 years
lctii
This cookie contains an identification token that assigns the user's access to our organization.
2 years
lctalc
This cookie contains an auto-login key. It is only set if the "Stay logged in" check box is checked when the user logs in. This means that the user is automatically logged in when the website is opened again, even after the session has expired and / or the browser window has been closed.
2 years
lctlk
This login key cookie contains a token that is assigned to a user. This token is used by the auto login to log in the correct user. It is only set if the "Stay logged in" checkbox is checked when the user logs in.
2 years
prc
This cookie stores the selected language of the user.
Duration of the browser session
§ 10 Web analytics and social plugins
Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager
This website uses Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager, a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (“Google”). Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager also use so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of our website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
We have activated IP anonymisation, so that your IP address will be previously shortened by
Google within member states of the European Union or in other contractual states to the
Agreement on the European Economic Area. Your full IP address will be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there only in exceptional cases. Google will use this information on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to provide other services associated with website use and internet us on our behalf.
The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be
merged with other data from Google.
You may prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser accordingly; but please note, that you may not be able to use all functions of the website to the full extent in this case.
You can also prevent Google to process and collect data generated by the cookie with regard to your use of our website (incl. your IP address) by using the following link to download and install the browser plugin for deactivation:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
You will find more information about the date protection regulation of Google Analytics on:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Google Remarketing
We use various services in order to make the internet offer more interesting for you. This
advertising function enables us to show users who have already visited our website and were interested in our offer, targeted, personalized and interest-related advertisements on other websites, such as in Google Display net. The advertisement is inserted by using cookies that help us analyze the user behavior when visiting our website and may be subsequently used for targeted product recommendations and interest-based advertising. The personal data are not stored and user profiles with personal data are also not created.
The following remarketing services are used on our website:
Google Adwords (“Google Adwords”) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (“Google”). You can object to the use of the corresponding cookies in the advertisement manager https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en.  You will find the data protection regulation of Google here:
https://www.google.com/intl/policies/policies/privacy/
AdRoll, 972 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“AdRoll”). You can find the data protection regulation of AdRoll here:
https://www.adroll.com/about/privacy
Criteo
Anonymised information about the surfing habits of website visitors is collected and stored on our websites by the technology of Criteo GmbH, Gewürzmühlstr. 11, 80538 Munich, Germany (“Criteo”) for marketing purposes. These data are stored in cookies on the computer of the visitor. Criteo analyzes the anonymised recorded surfing habit using an algorithm and can subsequently show targeted product recommendations as personalized advertising banners on other websites (so called publishers). In no case will these data be used to personally identify you as a visitor of our website. The collected data are used for the sole purpose of improving the offer. This information is not used otherwise or disclosed to third parties.
You can object to the completely anonymous analysis of your surfing habits on our websites by using the following link to deregister:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
You can find more information about the used technology and the data protection from Criteo on
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
.
Social plugins (Facebook and Twitter)
So-called social plugins (“plugins”) of the social networks Facebook and of the micro blogging service Twitter are used on our website. These services are provided by the following companies (“providers”): Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”) and Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Twitter”).
You can find an overview of the plugins from Facebook and their appearance here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins
You can find an overview of the Twitter buttons and their appearance here:
https://about.twitter.com/en_us/about/resources/buttons
Your browser will establish a direct connection with the servers of Facebook, Google or Twitter when opening a page of our advertising presence that contains such plugins. The respective provider transmits the content of the plugin directly to the browser and integrates it in the page. By integrating the plugin, the providers receive the information that your browser has opened the respective page of our advertising presence, even if you don’t have a profile or are not logged in. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly by your browser to a server of the respective provider in the USA and stored there.
If you are logged in on one of the services, the provider may directly associate the visit on our webpage with your profile on Facebook or Twitter. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking the “Like” or “Twitter” button, the corresponding information will also be transmitted directly to a server of the provider and stored there. The information will also be shared with your contacts on the social network or your twitter account.
You will find more information about the purpose and extent of data collection and further
processing and use of the data by providers as well as your rights and settings available to
protect your privacy in the data protection notice of the providers.
Data protection notice of Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Data protection notice of Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
If you don’t want Facebook or Twitter to directly associate the data collected via our
advertising presence with your profile in the respective service, you will have to log out from the corresponding service before visiting our webpage. You can also completely prevent loading the plugins through add-ons for your browser, such as the script blocker “NoScript”
(
https://noscript.net/
).
Affiliate program
website uses the tracking function of the affiliate software Quality Click of the company
NetSlave GmbH, Simon-Dach-Str. 12, 10245 Berlin (“Quality Click”). Quality Click uses cookies, text files that are stored on your computer. The cookies qc_1, qc_id and pid provide information about the source though which users access our website and enable us therefore to determine affiliate from which users visit our page. The cookies are valid for maximum 30 days. Personal data are not stored. So long as the cookie is valid, we, as website operators, are only able to determine via the Quality Click software that you have clicked a specific link and therefore accessed one of our internet offers. The number of clicks on these links as well as the date and time are included in the statistics. It is also counted how many users access a target page with a “conversion tag”. However, the statistics do not contain any data that would allow us to draw conclusions regarding you as a person.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by changing your browser settings accordingly or you can set a
non-tracking cookie
.
By using this website, you agree to the processing of the data collected about you via Quality
Click as described above and for the above mentioned purposes.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar a service of Hotjar Ltd, Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta (“Hotjar”) in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of
Hotjar’s support site.
§ 11 App analytics and push messages
Firebase
You have the possibility to activate the option “push messages” when you use our apps via a push-capable device. We use push messages in order to help you get started by sending useful tips to your device and informing you about the latest course releases and specific content as well as occasional discount campaigns and similar content based on your learning progress. You can revoke your consent to receive messages at any time by changing your device settings. Push messages are sent via a service called Firebase (“Firebase”), a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (“Google”).
In addition we are using Firebase to collect user data when users use our apps on iOS or Android. Firebase collects data about app use, in particular with regard to system crashes and errors. Information about the device, the installed app version as well as other information that can help us correct errors, in particular with regard to the software and
hardware of the user, are used for this purpose.
You can find further information in the privacy statement of Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Adjust
Our mobile apps use the usage analysis technology “adjust.io”, a service provided by adjust
GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany (“Adjust”). Adjust collects installation and event data, such as “app opened” or “account opened” when you open our app. We use this anonymised information in order to better understand how our users interact with the app and to analyze mobile ad campaigns. Adjust uses your anonymised IDFA or Android ID as well as your anonymised IP and MAC address for such analysis. It is not possible to individually identify you. You can find more information about the data protection from Adjust here:
https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/
Braze
We use the platform braze a service of Braze, Inc., Braze Inc., 330 W 34th St 18th floor, New York, NY 10001, USA (“Braze”) to improve the customer experience. We process personal information such as name, email address and activity data. In addition, we automatically receive and store cookie information and other information about the use of our service in server log files, including the IP address, the requested page, the time spent on these pages, access times and information about the browser and operating system used.
We use this information to ensure you a better introduction to our service by means of a tooltip tour, to analyze the use of the service and to improve the functionality and user-friendliness of the service and to better adapt the service to your needs.
You will find more information about the security of your personal data on
https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy
The processing of personal data by Braze takes place in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the most reliable possible user-friendliness of our services.
§ 12 Lecturio Coach Program
General
If you are a member of the Lecturio Coach program, your coaches will have access to the personal data you have entered on Lecturio’s platform, e.g. name and email address. In addition, coaches have visibility of your learning progress.
Regular communication between you and a Lecturio Coach may require the use of third party video conferencing software not provided or operated by Lecturio. Which software is used depends on the respective Lecturio Coach. The privacy policy of the software used applies.
The processing of personal data by third party video conferencing software and the inspection by Lecturio Coaches takes place in accordance with Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR in order to be able to perform the service.
Typeform
For initial communication between you and the Lecturio Coach program, we use the Typeform platform, a service provided by TYPEFORM, S.L. Carrer de Pallars 108 (Aticco), 08018 Barcelona, Spain (“Typeform”). Typeform processes the data you enter as well as cookie information and other information about the use of their service.
You can find more information about the cookies here:
https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt/?typeform-source=www.typeform.com&_gl=1*53ztc*_ga*MTI4NjgyODA1OC4xNjc3MDU2OTk2*_ga_YBVHZJ5VPC*MTY3NzA1NzAzOC4xLjEuMTY3NzA1ODc4NC41OC4wLjA.*_ga_N6F0VDRT9W*MTY3NzA1Njk5Ni4xLjEuMTY3NzA1ODc4NC41OC4wLjA
The processing of personal data by Typeform and the inspection by Lecturio Coaches takes place in accordance with Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR in order to be able to perform the service.
You can find more information about the security of your personal data here:
https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt/?typeform-source=www.typeform.com&_gl=1*1urenut*_ga*MTI4NjgyODA1OC4xNjc3MDU2OTk2*_ga_N6F0VDRT9W*MTY3NzA1Njk5Ni4xLjEuMTY3NzA1NzMyNS41OS4wLjA.*_ga_YBVHZJ5VPC*MTY3NzA1NzAzOC4xLjEuMTY3NzA1NzMyNS41OS4wLjA
§ 13 Newsletter
You have the possibility to subscribe to our newsletter. The submission of your email address is necessary for this purpose. We use Episerver (“Episerver”), a service provided by Episerver GmbH, Wallstrasse 16, 10179 Berlin, Germany, to send our newsletter. We use the so-called double-opt-in process (DOI). After subscription to our newsletter, you will receive an email where you will be asked for confirmation. When registering for the newsletter, we will store your IP address and the date of registration. This storing only serves as proof in the case that a third party misuses an email address and subscribes to the newsletter without the knowledge of the party concerned.
A so-called tracking pixel is used upon opening a newsletter. The following data are stored
thereby: email address, newsletter, opening date and time. The links in our newsletters contain tracking information that enables us to determine which links were of interest to you if you have clicked them. The following data are stored in Episerver via the tracking link: email address, newsletter, link, date and time.
You can revoke your approval to receive newsletters at the email address specified by you at
any time for the future by sending an email to
support@lecturio.com
.
§ 14 Duration during which personal data are stored
The duration of personal data storage is based upon the legal storage period and the personal data are routinely deleted after the expiry of this period or immediately after termination of the membership of Lecturio or at an earlier date upon request of a person concerned, insofar as the data are not required to fulfill or initiate a contract.
The following data are stored beyond termination of contract for so long as they are required for a specific purpose:
offer data: 1 year (after feedback from the client),
contract documents: 10 years,
IP data: 3 years (regular limitation period)
legal matters: 6 years
claims: 10 years
In order to terminate your membership, please contact our customer service by sending an
email to
support@lecturio.com
.
§ 15 Rights of the data subject
You have as person concerned the following rights:
right of access by the data subject
right to rectification or erasure as well as restriction of data processing
right to object to data processing
right to data portability
right of appeal before supervisory authoritie
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact our data protection officer or our
customer service by sending an email to
data-privacy@lecturio.com
or
support@lecturio.com
. We reserve the right to charge an appropriate fee on the basis of administrative costs in the case of unusually common requests of individual persons.
§ 16 Transfer of personal data to third parties
We collaborate with specific external service providers in order to process your data, for IT
hosting services also. We guarantee that the data are transferred with due regard to the applicable data protection provisions. If these service providers are located in a country outside the EU or EEA, we inform them about these provisions in conjunction with the respective functions. These data are also processed in compliance with the prevailing legal norms.
§ 17 Sweepstakes
Separate conditions apply to the collection and processing of personal data when taking part in sweepstakes, contest or competitions organized by us.
§ 18 Miscellaneous
If a third party registered with us by using your email address, please inform us and we will
immediately delete your profile, if this is what you desire.
We reserve the right to update this privacy statement at any time in the course of improving our services and implementing new technologies. We therefore recommend that you reread this privacy statement from time to time.
German law applies.
Support
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://legal.hubspot.com/de/privacy-policy:
×
close
Wir verwenden Cookies, um die Website von HubSpot zu verbessern. Einige Cookies sind für das ordnungsgemäße Funktionieren unserer Website und Services erforderlich. Andere sind optional und dienen dazu, Ihr Erlebnis zu personalisieren, wie z. B Werbe- oder Analytics-Cookies. Sie können allen Cookies zustimmen, alle optionalen Cookies ablehnen oder die Cookies entsprechend Ihren Präferenzen einstellen. Wenn Sie keine Auswahl treffen, werden unsere Standard-Cookie-Einstellungen angewendet. Sie können Ihre Einstellungen jederzeit ändern. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in der
Cookie-Richtlinie
von HubSpot.
Alle akzeptieren
Alle ablehnen
Cookies verwalten
Legal
Für Kunden
Nutzungsbedingungen für Kunden
Hinweise zu den HubSpot-Produkten
Rechtsgebietsspezifische Klauseln
Vereinbarung zur Datenverarbeitung
Regionales Datenhosting bei HubSpot
Übersicht der Produkte und Dienstleistungen
Richtlinie zur akzeptablen Nutzung
HubSpot-Sicherheitsprogramm
Content-Moderation @HubSpot
Für Partner
Vereinbarung für das App-Partnerprogramm
Vereinbarung für das Solutions Partner Partner Program
Vereinbarung für das Marketing-Affiliate-Programm
Vereinbarung für das „HubSpot for Startups“-Programm (auf Englisch)
Vereinbarung für Partner aus dem Bildungsbereich (auf Englisch)
Für Entwickler
Bedingungen für Entwickler von HubSpot
HubSpot-Entwicklerrichtlinie
Richtlinie zur akzeptablen Nutzung
Für alle Nutzer
Nutzungsbedingungen für unsere Website
Website-Barrierefreiheit
Datenschutzrichtlinie
HubSpot Cookies-Richtlinie
Sonstige rechtliche Dokumente
Nutzungsbedingungen für die HubSpot Community
Nutzungsbedingungen für den HubSpot Marketplace
Vereinbarung für das HUG-Programm (auf Englisch)
Vereinbarung für Teilnehmer an UX Research
Zurück zur Hauptseite
IMPORTANT NOTE
: The English version of this document will govern our relationship - this translated version is provided for convenience only and will not be interpreted to modify the English version. For the English version, please see the
HubSpot Legal Stuff page
.
Stand: 4. Februar 2025
Dieser Vertrag wird lediglich als Gefälligkeit zur Verfügung gestellt. Es gilt ausschließlich die englische Fassung dieses Vertrags, und in keinem Fall darf die deutsche Sprachfassung dieses Vertrags dahingehend ausgelegt werden, dass sie die englische Fassung dieses Vertrags ändert oder auf andere Weise die Beziehung der Vertragspartner untereinander regelt.
HubSpot verpflichtet sich, Ihre Privatsphäre zu schützen. Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt für die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir im Rahmen unserer Geschäftstätigkeit erheben und verarbeiten. HubSpot geht bei der Datenverarbeitung unterschiedlich vor:
(i) HubSpot fungiert als Verantwortlicher für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wenn Sie sich für unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen anmelden, unsere Websites besuchen oder über andere Kanäle (z. B. bei persönlichen Events) mit uns interagieren. Wir verwenden diese Daten für verschiedene Zwecke, unter anderem, um Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen, Sie bezüglich relevanter Inhalte zu kontaktieren und unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu verbessern und zu bewerben.
(ii) HubSpot fungiert als Auftragsverarbeiter, wenn unsere Kunden unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nutzen, um personenbezogene Daten im Zusammenhang mit ihren Vertriebs-, Marketing- und anderen Geschäftsaktivitäten zu erheben und zu verarbeiten. In diesem Fall handeln wir als Auftragsverarbeiter (oder Dienstanbieter) im Auftrag unserer Kunden (die für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten verantwortlich sind) gemäß der
Vereinbarung zur Datenverarbeitung von HubSpot
, die in den
HubSpot-Nutzungsbedingungen für Kunden
enthalten ist.
(iii) HubSpot fungiert auch als Verantwortlicher, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten über Personen in ihrer beruflichen Eigenschaft erheben und verarbeiten und diese Informationen Kunden für ihre eigenen Vertriebs-, Marketing- und sonstigen Geschäftsaktivitäten zur Verfügung stellen. Dies umfasst personenbezogene Daten, die wir indirekt über Sie erheben, z. B. aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen, von unseren Kunden oder von anderen Dritten. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt „Von uns erfasste und verarbeitete Informationen“.
Für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie steht „personenbezogene Daten“ für jegliche Art von Informationen zu einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person. Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie beschreibt Ihre Wahlmöglichkeiten und Rechte betreffend Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, einschließlich Ihrer Rechte hinsichtlich der Korrektur und des Zugriffs.
(i) Informationen darüber, wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben können, wenn HubSpot als Verantwortlicher für personenbezogene Daten fungiert, finden Sie im Abschnitt „Ihre Rechte und Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Datenschutz“.
(ii) Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aus unserem kommerziellen Datensatz von Fachleuten zu löschen, füllen Sie bitte dieses Formular aus.
(iii) Wenn Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte in Bezug auf personenbezogene Daten, die wir im Auftrag eines Kunden verarbeiten, ausüben möchten, lesen Sie bitte die Kundenrichtlinien und wenden Sie sich direkt an den Kunden.
Wir aktualisieren diese Datenschutzrichtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit und empfehlen Ihnen, sie regelmäßig durchzulesen. Wir werden alle Änderungen der Datenschutzrichtlinien auf dieser Seite veröffentlichen und Sie, falls die Änderungen wesentlich sind, direkt benachrichtigen (z. B. indem wir Ihnen eine E-Mail-Benachrichtigung senden). Alle Begriffe, sofern in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie nicht anders definiert, haben die in den
HubSpot-Nutzungsbedingungen für Kunden
dargelegte Bedeutung.
1.
Von uns erfasste und verarbeitete Informationen
2.
Wie wir personenbezogene Daten verwenden
3.
Wie wir personenbezogene Daten teilen
4.
Wie wir personenbezogene Daten international übermitteln
5.
Wie wir personenbezogene Daten speichern und schützen
6.
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien
7.
Ihre Rechte und Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Datenschutz
8.
Recht auf Privatsphäre nach kalifornischem Recht
9.
Sonstige wichtige Informationen zum Datenschutz
10.
Google-Integrationen
11.
Kontakt
1
. VON UNS ERFASSTE UND VERARBEITETE INFORMATIONEN
1.1 Daten, die Sie HubSpot zur Verfügung stellen.
Wenn Sie mit uns über unsere Websites oder Websites und Dienstleistungen, die einen Link zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie enthalten (wie zum Beispiel HubSpot.com oder TheHustle.co), interagieren oder den Abonnementdienst nutzen, können wir personenbezogene Daten und andere Informationen von Ihnen erfassen, was nachfolgend näher beschrieben wird.
1.1.1 Beim Besuch unserer Websites. Wir erfassen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wenn Sie Webformulare übermitteln oder mit unserer Website interagieren, z. B. wenn Sie einen HubSpot-Blog abonnieren, sich für ein Webinar anmelden, eine unserer Dienstleistungen abonnieren oder den Kundenservice um Unterstützung bitten. Wir können Sie nach Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse, Ihrem Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihrer Berufsbezeichnung und anderen ähnlichen geschäftlichen Informationen fragen. Es steht Ihnen frei, manche unserer Websites zu besuchen, ohne dabei personenbezogene Daten mit uns zu teilen.
1.1.2 Daten in Zusammenhang mit der INBOUND-Konferenz und anderen Events. Wenn Sie sich für
INBOUND
oder ein HubSpot-Event anmelden, erfassen wir Daten wie Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse. Wir nutzen diese Daten, um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren und um Ihnen in manchen Fällen die Registrierung zu erleichtern. Darüber hinaus können wir Ihre Registrierungsdaten an Dienstleister von INBOUND weitergeben, um Eventinformationen bereitzustellen und Ihr Erlebnis während der INBOUND-Konferenz oder zukünftigen HubSpot-Events zu verbessern.
1.1.3 Account- und Benutzerdaten. Wir erfassen personenbezogene Daten, wenn Sie einen HubSpot-Account eröffnen, Benutzerdaten erstellen oder ändern, Präferenzen festlegen oder andere damit zusammenhängende Informationen bereitstellen, um auf unseren Abonnementdienst zuzugreifen oder ihn zu nutzen.
1.1.4 Zahlungsdaten. Wir erfassen Zahlungs- und Rechnungsdaten, wenn Sie sich für kostenpflichtige Produkte oder Dienstleistungen registrieren oder diese erwerben. Wir können Sie zum Beispiel bitten, eine Rechnungsadresse oder einen Rechnungskontakt für Ihren HubSpot-Account anzugeben. Wenn Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, verwenden wir diese ausschließlich, wie von Ihnen in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie autorisiert. Wir setzen sichere Drittanbieter für die Zahlungsabwicklung ein, die über einen sicheren Zahlungsprozess eingezogen wird.
1.1.5 Testimonials. Wir veröffentlichen Testimonials und Kommentare auf unseren Websites, welche personenbezogene Daten enthalten können.
1.2 Daten, die wir im Namen von Kunden verarbeiten, wenn diese den Abonnementdienst nutzen.
Mit unserem Produkt (bzw. dem Abonnementdienst) können unsere Benutzer Inhalte für Marketing, Vertrieb und den Kundendienst erstellen und teilen. Im Rahmen ihrer Nutzung unseres Produktes können unsere Kunden personenbezogene Daten wie Vor- und Nachnamen, E-Mail-Adressen, Postadressen oder Telefonnummern verarbeiten. Die Informationen, die unsere Kunden über das Produkt übermitteln oder erheben, bezeichnen wir gemäß unseren
Nutzungsbedingungen für Kunden
als „Kundendaten“.
In der Regel speichern und verarbeiten wir Informationen über und im Namen unserer Kunden auf unseren Servern als Auftragsverarbeiter (oder Dienstanbieter) auf der Grundlage der Anweisungen eines Kunden und in Übereinstimmung mit unseren
HubSpot-Nutzungsbedingungen für Kunden
.  Jeder Kunde kontrolliert und ist verantwortlich für die Informationen, die er mit einem Abonnementdienst verarbeitet, sowie für die Einhaltung von Vorschriften oder Gesetzen, die eine Benachrichtigung, Offenlegung und/oder Einholung der Zustimmung vor der Übermittlung der personenbezogenen Daten an HubSpot zu Verarbeitungszwecken vorschreiben.
Wenn Sie Fragen zu den personenbezogenen Daten haben, die wir im Auftrag eines Kunden verarbeiten, wenden Sie sich bitte direkt an den Kunden und lesen Sie dessen Richtlinien.
1.3 Daten, die wir sammeln und verarbeiten, wenn Sie den Abonnementdienst nutzen.
1.3.1 Nutzungsdaten. Wir erfassen Nutzungsdaten, wenn Sie oder Ihre Benutzer über Ihren HubSpot-Account mit dem Abonnementdienst interagieren. Zu den Nutzungsdaten gehören Kennzahlen und Informationen über Ihre Nutzung und Interaktion mit dem Abonnementdienst, z. B. welche Produktfunktionen Sie am häufigsten nutzen, wann ein Objekt (z. B. ein Ticket) geöffnet und geschlossen wird und wie oft bestimmte Funktionen (z. B. Workflows) in Ihrem Account ausgelöst werden.
Wir beauftragen Drittanbieter mit der Erhebung von Nutzungsdaten. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Ihre Daten im Rahmen der Zusammenarbeit mit diesen Dienstleistern schützen, finden Sie im Abschnitt „Wie wir personenbezogene Daten teilen“.
1.3.2 Mobilgeräte. Wenn Sie über unsere mobilen Apps auf den Abonnementdienst zugreifen, erfassen wir automatisch Daten wie Modell, Version und IDs Ihres Geräts sowie die Version des Betriebssystems.
1.3.3 Protokolldateien. Wie die meisten Websites und Technologiedienste, die über das Internet bereitgestellt werden, erfassen und speichern wir automatisch Informationen über Ihre Computerhardware und -software, wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen, unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nutzen oder andere Websites oder Dienstleistungen aufrufen, die einen Link zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie enthalten. Diese Daten können Ihre IP-Adresse umfassen, den Browsertyp, Domain-Namen, den Internet-Service-Provider (ISP) und die auf unserer Website angesehenen Dateien (z. B. HTML-Seiten und Grafiken), die auf den Websites unserer Kunden angesehenen Dateien (falls diese Websites über HubSpot gehostet werden, z. B. HTML-Seiten und Grafiken etc.), Ihr Betriebssystem, Zugriffszeiten und Adressen von Websites, über die Sie auf unsere Website gelangt sind.
Wenn Sie den Abonnementdienst nutzen, erfassen und speichern wir in den folgenden Fällen und vorbehaltlich der Implementierungseinstellungen des Kunden die oben aufgeführten Arten von Informationen in Protokollen:
(i) wenn sich ein HubSpot-Benutzer bei seinem Account anmeldet und auf Tools auf der Plattform von HubSpot zugreift;
(ii) wenn eine Person die Website eines Kunden besucht, sofern die Website über unser Produkt oder unsere Dienste gehostet wird; oder
(iii) wenn eine Person die Website eines Kunden besucht, sofern die Website des Kunden selbstgehostet ist, wenn der Kunde unsere Plug-ins verwendet und wenn der Kunde HubSpot-Skripte und -Content (wie eingebettete Formulare) nutzt; oder
(iv) Funktionen und Inhalte von Drittanbietern und anderen Unternehmen.
Unsere Websites können Funktionen und Widgets enthalten (z. B. die Schaltfläche zum Teilen und für „Gefällt mir“-Angaben oder interaktive Miniprogramme), die auf unseren Websites ausgeführt werden. Diese Funktionen können Ihre IP-Adresse und die von Ihnen auf unseren Websites besuchten Seiten erfassen und sie können ein Cookie setzen, um die korrekte Ausführung der Funktion zu ermöglichen. Derartige Funktionen und Widgets werden entweder von Dritten oder direkt auf unseren Websites gehostet.
1.3.4 Integrationen mit Dritten.
Sie können Ihren HubSpot-Account mit Integrationen von Dritten verbinden, die möglicherweise bestimmte Berechtigungen für den Zugriff auf Daten oder das Senden von Daten an Ihren HubSpot-Account verlangen. Es liegt in Ihrer Verantwortung, alle von Ihnen genehmigten Integrationen von Dritten zu überprüfen. Wir können Informationen darüber sammeln, welche Integrationen Sie in Ihrem HubSpot-Account nutzen.
Die von Ihnen erteilte(n) Genehmigung(en) gewährt/gewähren diesen Dritten Zugriff auf Ihre Daten, was unter anderem bedeuten kann, dass Drittanbieteranwendungen Zugriff auf die Daten Ihres HubSpot-Accounts erhalten, diese speichern und ändern können.  Wir sind nicht für die Praktiken von Drittanbieterintegrationen verantwortlich. Bitte prüfen Sie daher sorgfältig die Berechtigungen, die Sie Anwendungen von Drittanbietern gewähren.
Tipp zu HubSpots Vertragsbedingungen: Weitere Informationen über Integrationen mit Drittanbietern finden Sie in folgendem Artikel der Wissensdatenbank:
Apps mit HubSpot verknüpfen
.
1.4 Von uns erfasste Daten aus anderen Quellen.
1.4.1 HubSpot-Partner. Wir können Daten über Sie oder andere Benutzer Ihres HubSpot-Accounts (falls zutreffend) von unserem globalen Partnernetzwerk erhalten. Wir können diese Daten auf verschiedene Weise erhalten, u. a. durch unsere Geschäfts- und Lead-Registrierungsprozesse.
Wir können auch Daten über Sie über unsere Co-Marketing-Vereinbarungen mit Partnern einholen. Sie könnten sich zum Beispiel für ein Webinar anmelden oder ein von HubSpot und einem seiner Co-Marketing-Partner veröffentlichtes Whitepaper herunterladen. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Co-Marketing-Programm finden Sie unter https://www.hubspot.com/co-marketing-request-form. Weitere Informationen über die Weitergabe von Daten an unsere Partner finden Sie im Unterabschnitt „Partner“ des Punkts „Wie wir personenbezogene Daten teilen“ dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie.
1.4.2 Drittanbieter. Wir können Daten von Drittanbietern, von verbundenen Unternehmen und von unseren Geschäfts- und Solutions Partnern erhalten.
1.4.3 Personenbezogene Daten aus anderen Quellen. Wir können personenbezogene Daten über Sie aus anderen Quellen sammeln, z. B. von Drittanbietern und öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen (wie Social-Media-Plattformen). Dazu gehören Postadressen, Jobbezeichnungen, E-Mail-Adressen, Telefonnummern, IP-Adressen und Social-Media-Profile. Dies hilft uns, unsere Produkte, Dienstleistungen und Aufzeichnungen zu aktualisieren und zu verbessern, neue Kunden zu identifizieren, personalisierte Werbung zu erstellen, Produkte und Dienstleistungen vorzuschlagen, die Sie interessieren könnten, personalisierte Mitteilungen zu versenden und Events zu bewerben.
1.4.4 Andere HubSpot-Unternehmen und Affiliate-Partner. Wir können Daten über Sie von anderen Unternehmen erhalten, die sich im Besitz von HubSpot befinden oder von HubSpot betrieben werden.
1.5 Daten, die wir in Verbindung mit unseren Anreicherungsprodukten sammeln und verarbeiten. HubSpot sammelt Geschäftskontaktdaten und ähnliche berufliche Daten aus verschiedenen Quellen, einschließlich öffentlich zugänglicher Quellen, Drittanbietern und Kunden, die unsere Anreicherungsprodukte verwenden. Diese Informationen bilden die Grundlage für unseren kommerziellen Datensatz. Wir stellen Informationen aus unserem kommerziellen Datensatz Kunden zur Verfügung, die sich für die Nutzung von Anreicherungsprodukten innerhalb der Abonnementdienste als Teil ihrer Verkaufs-, Marketing- und anderen Geschäftsaktivitäten entscheiden.
Wenn Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aus unserem kommerziellen Datensatz entfernen möchten, füllen Sie
dieses Formular
aus und senden Sie es ab. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten wahrnehmen können, finden Sie im Abschnitt „Ihre Rechte und Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Datenschutz“.
1.6 Von uns über den HubSpot Tracking-Code erfasste und verarbeitete Daten. Unsere Kunden können den HubSpot Tracking-Code auf ihrer Website installieren, um Informationen über Website-Besucher zu sammeln. HubSpot verwendet die durch den Tracking-Code gesammelten Daten, wie IP-Adressen und Online-Kennungen, um unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu verbessern, einschließlich unseres kommerziellen Datensatzes. Wir speichern Informationen über Website-Besucher auf unseren Servern und verarbeiten diese Daten für unsere eigenen Zwecke als Datenverantwortlicher.
Tipp zu HubSpots Vertragsbedingungen: Bitte lesen Sie den Wissensdatenbankartikel
HubSpot-Tracking-Code installieren
, um mehr über die Datenweitergabe bei HubSpot zu erfahren.
2
. WIE WIR PERSONENBEZOGENE DATEN VERWENDEN
2.1 Um mit Ihnen über das Produkt und die Dienstleistungen zu kommunizieren. Wir verwenden die Accountdaten, die Sie HubSpot bei der Anmeldung für unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung stellen, um Ihnen Transaktions-E-Mails oder In-App-Benachrichtigungen über die Rechnungsstellung, die Accountverwaltung und andere administrative Angelegenheiten zu senden.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten auch, um Ihnen neue Produkte und Services zu empfehlen und für den Kundenservice, z. B. zur Lösung von technischen Problemen und zur Analyse von Produktausfällen oder Fehlern.
Wenn Sie die Mobile-Apps von HubSpot verwenden, können wir Ihnen gelegentlich Push-Benachrichtigungen senden, um Sie über aktuelle Ereignisse oder Promotions zu informieren. Wenn Sie diese Mitteilungen nicht mehr erhalten möchten, können Sie diese auf Ihrem Gerät deaktivieren.
2.2 Zur Bereitstellung des Abonnementdienstes. Wir verwenden Ihre Account- und Kundendaten, um Ihnen das Produkt und die Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen. Zum Beispiel verwenden wir die E-Mail-Adresse, die Sie bei der Registrierung angeben, um Ihren Account zu erstellen, und wir verwenden Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, um Zahlungen für die kostenpflichtige Nutzung des Abonnementdienstes zu verarbeiten. Wir nutzen diese Informationen auch, um Sie bei der Anmeldung zu authentifizieren, und für den Kundenservice.
2.3 Um unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu verbessern und weiterzuentwickeln. Wir verwenden Berufsdaten, Protokolldateien und Nutzungsdaten darüber, wie Sie oder Ihre Benutzer mit unseren Produkten und Dienstleistungen interagieren, um unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu entwickeln und zu verbessern. So verwenden wir beispielsweise Nutzungsdaten, um Trends und die Nutzung des Produkts zu bewerten und um festzustellen, welche neuen Funktionen oder Integrationen für unsere Benutzer von Interesse sein könnten.
Wir können Kundendaten verwenden, um Produktfunktionen und -eigenschaften im Rahmen des Abonnementdienstes und ähnlicher AI-Produkte und Dienstleistungen, die sich auf maschinelle Lernverfahren stützen, zu unterstützen und zu entwickeln. Sie können der Verwendung Ihrer Kundendaten zum Trainieren von HubSpot-Modellen widersprechen, indem Sie eine E-Mail an
privacy@hubspot.com
senden.
Wir können Daten darüber veröffentlichen, wie unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen von unseren Kunden genutzt werden. Wenn wir auf diese Weise statistische Informationen an Dritte weitergeben, werden die Daten aggregiert und wir identifizieren keine einzelnen Benutzer oder Kunden. Wir können zum Beispiel Blogbeiträge über Trends oder Einblicke in die Interaktion der Benutzer mit unserem Produkt veröffentlichen.
Tipp zu HubSpots Vertragsbedingungen: Bitte lesen Sie den Artikel
Von der Datennutzung für maschinelles Lernen von HubSpot abmelden
in der Wissensdatenbank, um mehr darüber zu erfahren, wie Ihre Kundendaten zum Trainieren von HubSpot-Modellen verwendet werden.
2.4 Zur Sicherung und zum Schutz unseres Produktes und der HubSpot-Benutzer. Wir verwenden Ihre Accountdaten, um Sicherheitsvorfälle zu untersuchen und zu verhindern. Außerdem können wir diese Daten verwenden, um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen. Wir nutzen Ihre Daten, um Accounts und neue Produktanmeldungen zu verifizieren und um Produktmissbrauch zu erkennen und zu verhindern. Dazu gehört auch die Durchsetzung unserer
Richtlinie zur akzeptablen Nutzung
.
Wir verwenden Protokolldateien, um allgemeine Statistiken über Ihre Nutzung der Websites zu erstellen, einschließlich der Art und Weise, wie Sie unsere Websites nutzen, um festzustellen, aus welchem Land Sie sich einloggen (für Analytics, zur Exportkontrolle und zu regulatorischen Zwecken) und um die Navigation zu verbessern. Auch Ihre IP-Adressen werden aus Sicherheitsgründen und zur Fehlerbehebung erfasst und protokolliert, zum Beispiel um Zugriffsmuster zu verfolgen und Sicherheitsereignisse und Vorfälle zu untersuchen. Dazu verknüpfen wir diese automatisch erfassten Daten mit anderen personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, wie Namen, E-Mail-Adressen, Adressen und Telefonnummern.
2.5 Um den Abonnementdienst zu vermarkten und zu bewerben. Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um unsere Produkte, Dienstleistungen und anderen Angebote zu bewerben und zu vermarkten. Zum Beispiel nutzen wir die Daten, etwa Ihre physische oder E-Mail-Adresse, um Ihnen per Post, E-Mail oder auf sonstigem Weg Informationen oder HubSpot-Inhalte zu senden, von denen wir glauben, dass sie für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, z. B. per Post, E-Mail oder auf anderem Wege.  Wir können Ihnen auch Marketingnachrichten in Bezug auf unser Geschäft senden.
Sie können sich gegen den Empfang derartiger Werbeinhalte entscheiden. Befolgen Sie dafür einfach die Anleitungen, die in jeder von uns versendeten Mitteilung enthalten sind. Wenn Sie sich von unseren Marketinglisten abmelden, werden wir Sie dennoch weiterhin zu administrativen Zwecken kontaktieren und auf Ihre Anfragen reagieren.
Wir können Sie telefonisch kontaktieren, um Sie über andere HubSpot-Produkte oder -Dienstleistungen zu informieren, die Sie interessieren könnten. Wenn Sie ein Telefongespräch mit einem HubSpot-Mitarbeiter vereinbart haben, können wir das Gespräch aufzeichnen und transkribieren. Sie werden vor dem Telefonat darüber informiert, dass das Gespräch aufgezeichnet wird, und haben die Möglichkeit, die Aufzeichnung abzulehnen.  Wir können Sie auch per SMS kontaktieren, und Sie werden die Möglichkeit haben, sich von diesen Mitteilungen abzumelden.
Sofern gesetzlich zulässig erfolgt der Versand von Marketingkommunikation nur mit Ihrer Zustimmung. Andernfalls bewerben und vermarkten wir unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen auf Basis unserer legitimen Geschäftsinteressen.
Wir können die von Drittanbietern und anderen Quellen gesammelten Daten in Kombination mit anderen Daten, die wir auf andere in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebene Weise sammeln, verwenden, um Ihnen Aktualisierungen und verbesserte Dienste, personalisierte Mitteilungen, Event-Werbung und eine anderweitige Verbesserung der Benutzererfahrung zu bieten.
2.6 Andere Zwecke, wenn wir Ihre Zustimmung erhalten. Wir können Ihre Daten für andere Zwecke verwenden, wenn Sie uns Ihre Zustimmung dazu geben.
2.7 Rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten (gilt nur für Besucher aus dem EWR und dem Vereinigten Königreich). Wenn Sie ein Websitebesucher mit Sitz im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“) oder Vereinigten Königreich („UK“) sind, ist HubSpot Ireland Limited für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich. Den Datenschutzbeauftragten von HubSpot erreichen Sie
hier
.
Die rechtliche Grundlage für unser Erheben und unsere Verwendung der oben beschriebenen personenbezogenen Daten hängt von den jeweiligen personenbezogenen Daten und dem konkreten Kontext ab, in dem wir diese erheben. Dennoch gilt, dass wir personenbezogene Daten normalerweise nur dann von Ihnen erheben, wenn Sie dem zugestimmt haben, wenn wir die personenbezogenen Daten benötigen, um eine zwischen uns und Ihnen bestehende Vertragsvereinbarung zu erfüllen, oder wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten unseren legitimen Interessen dient und diese nicht gegen Ihre Datenschutzinteressen beziehungsweise gegen Grundrechte verstoßen oder Ihre Freiheiten verletzen. In manchen Fällen kann es auch sein, dass wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind, personenbezogene Daten zu Ihnen einzuholen.
Wenn wir Sie auffordern, personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, um gesetzliche Auflagen oder eine vertragliche Vereinbarung zwischen uns und Ihnen zu erfüllen, stellen wir dies zum gegebenen Zeitpunkt klar und weisen Sie darauf hin, ob Sie die Angaben machen müssen oder nicht (ebenso weisen wir Sie auf die möglichen Konsequenzen hin, falls Sie die betreffenden Informationen nicht zur Verfügung stellen). Entsprechend gilt, dass wir Sie dann, wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfolgung unserer legitimen Interessen (oder der legitimen Interessen Dritter) erheben, zum gegebenen Zeitpunkt darüber informieren, um welche legitimen Interessen es sich konkret handelt.
3
. WIE WIR PERSONENBEZOGENE DATEN TEILEN
3.1 Dienstanbieter. Wir können personenbezogene Daten mit Drittanbietern teilen, die die Bereitstellung unserer Websites, Produkte und Dienstleistungen unterstützen. So nutzen wir zum Beispiel Serviceanbieter für das Datenhosting, die Anwendungsentwicklung, das Marketing sowie für den Vertriebs- und Kundensupport. Daher müssen wir Ihre Daten unter Umständen mit Serviceanbietern teilen, um Ihnen Informationen über Produkte und Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen. Zu diesen Dienstleistungen gehören unter anderem Folgende: Die Löschung redundanter Daten aus Listen potenzieller Kunden, die Datenanalyse oder statistische Auswertung Ihrer Nutzung des Abonnementdienstes oder Ihrer Website-Interaktionen, die Unterstützung von Marketingtätigkeiten, die Abwicklung von Kreditkartenzahlungen, die Ergänzung Ihrer uns gegenüber gemachten Angaben, um Ihnen einen besseren Service bieten zu können, die Weiterentwicklung und Verbesserung unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen sowie die Erbringung von Kundendienst- und Supportleistungen. Diesen Dienstleistern ist es untersagt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für andere als die genannten Zwecke zu verwenden, und sie sind verpflichtet, Ihre Daten vertraulich zu behandeln. In allen Fällen, in denen wir Ihre Daten auf diese Weise weitergeben, verpflichten wir den Drittanbieter ausdrücklich zur Bestätigung und Einhaltung unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie und -standards.
3.2 Partner. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an vertrauenswürdige HubSpot-Partner weitergeben: (i) damit diese Sie auf der Grundlage Ihrer Kommunikationspräferenzen kontaktieren können; (ii) um uns bei der Durchführung statistischer Analysen zu helfen; (iii) um Vertriebsunterstützung zu leisten; (iv) um Kundensupport zu leisten; und (v) um unsere Partnerprogramme und Abonnementdienste zu verbessern. Partnern ist es untersagt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für andere als die genannten Zwecke zu verwenden, und sie sind verpflichtet, Ihre Daten vertraulich zu behandeln.
Wir unterhalten auch Partnerschaften mit vertrauenswürdigen externen Parteien, um Ihnen Co-Marketing-Inhalte anzubieten, von denen wir glauben, dass Sie Interesse an ihnen haben können. Wenn Sie mit diesen Co-Marketing-Partnern interagieren, informieren wir Sie, mit wem wir Ihre Daten teilen, und wir stellen Ihnen einen Link zur Datenschutzrichtlinie des betreffenden Co-Marketing-Partners zur Verfügung. So können Sie sich über ihre Datenschutzpraktiken informieren und darüber, wie Sie die Mitteilungen des betreffenden Co-Marketing-Partners gegebenenfalls abbestellen können. Sie werden immer die Wahl haben, ob Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an unsere Co-Marketing-Partner weitergeben möchten. Besagte Co-Marketing-Partner werden von uns angehalten, unsere Datenschutz- und Datensicherheitsrichtlinien zu befolgen. Nähere Informationen zu unserem Co-Marketing-Programm finden Sie auf
dieser Seite
.
3.3 Werbepartner. Wir erlauben Werbenetzwerken, Informationen über Ihre Interaktionen mit unseren Websites zu sammeln, um personalisierte Werbung von HubSpot zu schalten. Wir können personenbezogene Daten, wie z. B. Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, auch an unsere Werbepartner weitergeben, um personalisierte Werbung von HubSpot auf den Websites oder mobilen Apps anderer Unternehmen zu schalten.  Mit diesem
Formular
können Sie der Weitergabe Ihrer Daten an unsere Werbepartner widersprechen.
3.4 Veränderungen der Unternehmensstruktur. Wenn wir (oder unsere Aktiva) von einem anderen Unternehmen erworben werden (durch Fusion, Übernahme, Konkurs oder anderweitig), übernimmt das betreffende Unternehmen sämtliche von HubSpot auf den Websites und über den Abonnementdienst erfassten Informationen. In diesem Fall erhalten Sie eine Benachrichtigung per E-Mail oder es erfolgt eine auffällige Mitteilung auf unserer Website über die Veränderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse und deren Konsequenzen für die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und Ihrer Wahlmöglichkeiten bezüglich Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten.
3.5 Öffentliche Foren. Unsere Websites können öffentlich zugängliche Internetforen, Blogs und Community-Foren (z. B. die HubSpot Community, Connect.com usw.) anbieten. Wenn Sie Daten direkt über unsere öffentlichen Internetforen, Blogs oder Foren offenlegen (einschließlich der Profilinformationen des Accounts, über den Sie die Daten veröffentlichen), bedenken Sie bitte, dass diese Daten von jeder Person, die auf diese Websites zugreift, gelesen, erfasst und verwertet werden können. Ihre Beiträge und bestimmte Profilinformationen können auch nach der Kündigung Ihres Accounts erhalten bleiben. Wir bitten Sie, die Vertraulichkeit aller Daten, die Sie auf diese Weise veröffentlichen, zu berücksichtigen. Auf Ihre Anfrage hin berichtigen oder löschen wir Daten, die Sie auf den Websites veröffentlicht haben, wie in Abschnitt „Ihre Rechte und Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Datenschutz“ dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben. In einigen Fällen sind wir nicht in der Lage, Ihre Daten zu löschen. In diesem Fall werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen den Grund dafür mitteilen, sofern dies zulässig ist.
3.6 Obligatorische Offenlegung. Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu verwenden oder offenzulegen, wenn wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind oder wenn wir der begründeten Ansicht sind, dass die Verwendung oder Offenlegung notwendig ist, um unsere Rechte, Ihre Sicherheit oder die Sicherheit anderer zu schützen, Betrugsfällen nachzugehen oder ein Gesetz, eine gerichtliche Verfügung oder die Auflagen eines rechtlichen Verfahrens zu erfüllen. Wenn Sie den Abonnementdienst nutzen, gelten die Kundendaten als vertrauliche Informationen. Weitere Informationen dazu finden Sie im Abschnitt „Vertraulichkeit“ in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Kunden
. HubSpot teilt Daten zu Kundeninformationsanfragen. Mehr dazu erfahren Sie in unserem
Bericht über Datenoffenlegung und Transparenz
.
3.7 HubSpot, andere Unternehmen und Affiliate-Partner. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an unsere derzeitigen und zukünftigen Muttergesellschaften, Affiliate-Partner, Tochtergesellschaften und andere Unternehmen unter gemeinsamer Kontrolle und in gemeinsamem Besitz weitergeben, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um Ihre Anfrage zu erfüllen oder für andere Zwecke, die gemäß dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie zulässig sind.
3.8 HubSpot-Kunden in Verbindung mit unseren Anreicherungsprodukten. Wir können personenbezogene Daten über Personen in unserem kommerziellen Datenbestand an unsere Kunden weitergeben, die unsere Anreicherungsprodukte verwenden. Kunden können diese Informationen für ihre Verkaufs- und Marketingaktivitäten nutzen. Wir stützen uns auf unsere berechtigten Interessen sowie die unserer Kunden, um Daten für die aufgeführten Zwecke zu sammeln und weiterzugeben. Die berechtigten Interessen von HubSpot und unseren Kunden sind nicht wichtiger als Ihre Datenschutzrechte, und wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage, dass Menschen erwarten würden, dass ihre arbeitsbezogenen Daten auf diese Weise weitergegeben werden. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt „Daten, die wir in Verbindung mit unseren Anreicherungsprodukten sammeln und verarbeiten“.
4
. WIE WIR PERSONENBEZOGENE DATEN INTERNATIONAL ÜBERMITTELN
4.1 Übermittlung ins Ausland innerhalb der HubSpot-Gruppe. Zur Erleichterung unserer globalen Geschäftstätigkeit können wir Informationen, die personenbezogene Daten enthalten können, an andere HubSpot Affiliate-Partner weitergeben, die als Unterauftragsverarbeiter fungieren, wo wir zu den in dieser Richtlinie beschriebenen Zwecken tätig sind. Eine Liste mit den verbundenen Unternehmen von HubSpot und ihren Standorten finden Sie in
Anlage 3 unserer Vereinbarung zur Datenverarbeitung für Kunden
.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt auch im Falle der Übertragung personenbezogener Daten in andere Länder. Wir haben angemessene Vorkehrungen getroffen, um zu gewährleisten, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten unabhängig vom Zielort der Übermittlung geschützt bleiben. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten von Personen im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“), in der Schweiz oder im Vereinigten Königreich („UK“) innerhalb der HubSpot-Partner und zwischen diesen weitergeben, stützen wir uns auf die Standardvertragsklauseln (die von der Europäischen Kommission und den Schweizer Behörden genehmigt wurden) und den britischen Zusatz zu den Standardvertragsklauseln (der von den britischen Behörden genehmigt wurde), sofern erforderlich.  Darüber hinaus verfügen wir gegebenenfalls über zusätzliche Schutzmaßnahmen (z. B. sichere Verschlüsselungsmethoden nach kommerziellem Industriestandard zum Schutz von Kundendaten im Ruhezustand und bei der Übertragung, TLS für von HubSpot gehostete Websites, Schutz durch Web Application Firewalls und andere geeignete vertragliche und organisatorische Maßnahmen), die im
HubSpot Trust Center
näher beschrieben werden.
4.2 Übermittlung an Dritte im Ausland. Manche unserer in vorliegender Datenschutzrichtlinie genannten, externen Dienstleister haben ihren Sitz in Ländern, deren Datenschutzgesetze eventuell nicht den Standards entsprechen, die in Ihrem Land gelten. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten von Personen im EWR, in der Schweiz oder im Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte weitergeben, verwenden wir eine Reihe von rechtlichen Verfahren, um die Übermittlung zu schützen, darunter die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigten Standardvertragsklauseln zum Datenschutz sowie gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Sicherheitsvorkehrungen. Für die Datenübermittlung aus dem Vereinigten Königreich oder in das Vereinigte Königreich beachten wir das Addendum für das Vereinigte Königreich. Für die Datenübermittlung aus oder nach Kanada halten wir die Standardvertragsklauseln ein. In Bezug auf personenbezogene Daten, die aus Kanada erhalten oder nach Kanada übertragen werden, untersteht HubSpot der Vollstreckungsgewalt des Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Bitte setzen Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung, wenn Sie weitere Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Regelungen benötigen, die wir befolgen, um personenbezogene Daten außerhalb des EWR, der Schweiz, Kanadas und des Vereinigten Königreichs zu übertragen.
4.3 Hinweis zum Datenschutzrahmen. HubSpot hält sich an den EU-U.S.-Datenschutzrahmen („EU-U.S. DPF“), die britische Erweiterung des EU-U.S. DPF und das „Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework“ („Swiss-U.S. DPF“), wie vom U.S. Department of Commerce festgelegt (zusammen „der Datenschutzrahmen“).
HubSpot hat gegenüber dem US-Handelsministerium bestätigt, dass es die EU-US-DPF-Grundsätze in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten aus der Europäischen Union und dem Vereinigten Königreich (und Gibraltar) sowie die Swiss-US DPF-Grundsätze in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten aus der Schweiz einhält. Im Falle eines Widerspruchs zwischen dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und den Grundsätzen des Datenschutz-Rahmens sind die Grundsätze des Datenschutz-Rahmens maßgeblich. Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutzrahmen und eine Ansicht der Zertifizierung von HubSpot finden Sie auf
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Wenn Sie in der EU, dem Vereinigten Königreich oder der Schweiz ansässig sind, haben Sie das Recht, Zugang zu den personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben. Außerdem haben Sie das Recht, die Berichtigung, Ergänzung oder Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen, wenn diese unzutreffend sind oder unter Verstoß gegen die Grundsätze des Datenschutz-Rahmen verarbeitet werden. Wir geben Ihnen die Möglichkeit, Ihre Zustimmung zu verweigern, wenn personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie kontrollieren, an einen unabhängigen Dritten weitergegeben oder für einen Zweck verwendet werden sollen, der sich wesentlich von den in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie dargelegten unterscheidet. Wenn Sie eines Ihrer Rechte ausüben möchten, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte über die unten angegebenen Kontaktmöglichkeiten.
In Übereinstimmung mit den Prinzipien des Datenschutz-Rahmens verpflichtet sich HubSpot, Beschwerden im Zusammenhang mit den Grundsätzen des Datenschutz-Rahmens über die Erhebung und Verwendung Ihrer persönlichen Daten zu klären. Personen aus der EU, dem Vereinigten Königreich und der Schweiz, die Anfragen oder Beschwerden bezüglich unseres Umgangs mit persönlichen Daten haben, die wir unter Berufung auf die Grundsätze des Datenschutz-Rahmens erhalten haben, sollten sich zunächst über
privacy@hubspot.com
an HubSpot wenden. Wir werden alle Beschwerden im Zusammenhang mit den Grundsätzen des Datenschutz-Rahmens innerhalb von 45 Tagen untersuchen und versuchen, sie zu lösen.
In Übereinstimmung mit dem Datenschutzrahmen verpflichtet sich HubSpot, ungelöste Beschwerden über unseren Umgang mit personenbezogenen Daten, die wir unter Berufung auf den Datenschutz-Rahmen erhalten haben, an einen Anbieter für alternative Streitbeilegung mit Sitz in den Vereinigten Staaten weiterzuleiten. Wenn Sie von uns keine zeitnahe Eingangsbestätigung für Ihre Beschwerde im Zusammenhang mit den Grundsätzen des Datenschutz-Rahmens erhalten oder wenn wir Ihre Beschwerde im Zusammenhang mit den Grundsätzen des Datenschutz-Rahmens nicht zu Ihrer Zufriedenheit bearbeitet haben, besuchen Sie bitte
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen oder können eine Beschwerde einreichen. Die Dienstleistungen von TRUSTe Dispute Resolution sind für Sie kostenlos.
Unter bestimmten Umständen, die ausführlicher auf der Website für die Grundsätze des Datenschutz-Rahmens beschrieben werden, haben Sie möglicherweise das Recht, ein rechtsverbindliches Schiedsgericht anzurufen, wenn andere Verfahren zur Beilegung von Streitigkeiten ausgeschöpft wurden. Die US-amerikanische Federal Trade Commission (FTC) ist für die Einhaltung der Grundsätze des Datenschutz-Rahmens durch HubSpot verantwortlich. HubSpot unterliegt den Ermittlungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der FTC.
Im Zusammenhang mit einer Weitergabe ist HubSpot für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten verantwortlich, die das Unternehmen im Rahmen der Grundsätze des Datenschutz-Rahmens empfängt und anschließend an Dritte übermittelt, die als Bevollmächtigte für HubSpot handeln. HubSpot bleibt nach den Grundsätzen des Datenschutz-Rahmens haftbar, wenn die von uns bevollmächtigte Person Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in einer Weise verarbeitet, die nicht mit den Grundsätzen des Datenschutz-Rahmens vereinbar ist, sofern HubSpot nicht für das Ereignis, das den Schaden verursacht hat, verantwortlich ist.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir unter bestimmten Umständen verpflichtet sein können, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf rechtmäßige Anfragen von Behörden hin offenzulegen, einschließlich der Erfüllung nationaler Sicherheits- oder Strafverfolgungsanforderungen.
5.  WIE WIR PERSONENBEZOGENE DATEN SPEICHERN UND SCHÜTZEN
5.1 Datenspeicherung und -sicherheit. Wir verwenden diverse Sicherheitstechnologien und -verfahren, die zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung oder Preisgabe beitragen. Wir schützen die personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie auf Computerservern angeben, in einer kontrollierten, sicheren Umgebung. Dort sind diese vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung und Preisgabe geschützt. Alle personenbezogenen Daten werden anhand angemessener physischer, technischer und organisatorischer Maßnahmen geschützt. Weitere Informationen zum Thema Sicherheit bei HubSpot finden Sie unter
https://trust.hubspot.com
.
5.2 Speicherung personenbezogener Daten. Wie lange wir die zu Ihnen erhobenen Daten speichern, hängt sowohl von der Art der Informationen ab als auch davon, wie wir sie erfassen und speichern. Nach einem angemessenen Zeitraum löschen oder anonymisieren wir die Daten. Sollte beides nicht möglich sein, werden die Daten von uns sicher gespeichert und so lange für jede weitere Nutzung gesperrt, bis ihre Löschung möglich ist.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, so lange, wie unsererseits ein legitimes geschäftliches Interesse fortbesteht (etwa um unsere gesetzlichen Pflichten zu erfüllen, Streitigkeiten beizulegen und unsere vertraglichen Ansprüche durchzusetzen).
Wenn unsererseits kein legitimes geschäftliches Interesse an der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten fortbesteht, löschen oder anonymisieren wir diese Daten auf sichere Weise. Ist beides nicht möglich, speichern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange auf sichere Weise und schließen sie von jeder weiteren Datenverarbeitung aus, bis die Löschung möglich ist. Wenn Sie uns dazu auffordern, löschen wir diese Daten zu einem früheren Datum. Nähere Informationen hierzu finden Sie im Abschnitt „Ihre Rechte und Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Datenschutz“.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entschlossen haben, Marketingmitteilungen von uns zu erhalten, speichern wir ab dem Datum, zu dem Sie Ihr Interesse an unseren Inhalten, Produkten oder Leistungen zum letzten Mal zum Ausdruck gebracht haben, für einen angemessenen Zeitraum Informationen zu Ihren Marketingpräferenzen. Besagter angemessener Zeitraum wird zum Beispiel ab dem Zeitpunkt bestimmt, zu dem Sie zuletzt eine unserer E-Mails geöffnet haben, oder ab dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem Sie die Nutzung Ihres HubSpot-Accounts eingestellt haben.  Wir speichern die über Cookies oder andere Tracking-Technologien erhobenen Daten für einen angemessenen Zeitraum ab der Erfassung der betreffenden Daten.
Die Daten, die wir im Namen von Kunden im Zusammenhang mit dem Abonnementdienst verarbeiten, werden gemäß den
HubSpot-Nutzungsbedingungen für Kunden
und der
Datenverarbeitungsvereinbarung
des Kunden gespeichert und geschützt.
6. COOKIES UND ÄHNLICHE TECHNOLOGIEN
6.1 Cookies. Wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen, einen HubSpot-Account eröffnen, an einem virtuellen HubSpot-Event teilnehmen oder weitere Informationen über HubSpot anfordern, erfassen wir automatisch Daten mithilfe von Trackingtechnologien wie Cookies und Trackingpixeln. Für weitere Informationen und um zu erfahren, wie Sie diese Cookies ablehnen können, sehen Sie sich unsere
Cookie-Richtlinie
an.
HubSpot verwenden Cookies oder vergleichbare Technologien (wie etwa Web-Beacons und JavaScript), um Trends zu analysieren, die Website zu verwalten, die Navigation der Benutzer auf der Website nachzuverfolgen und zusammengefasste demografische Daten über unsere Benutzer zu erfassen. Näheres zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies auf unseren Websites und dazu, wie Sie Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen verwalten können, finden Sie in der
HubSpot-Cookie-Richtlinie
, die von uns von Zeit zu Zeit ohne zusätzliche Ankündigung aktualisiert wird.
6.2 Werbung. Wir arbeiten mit externen Werbenetzwerken zusammen, um Anzeigen auf unserer Website anzuzeigen oder unsere Werbung auf anderen Websites zu verwalten. Unser externes Werbenetzwerk verwendet Cookies und Web-Beacons zur Erfassung von Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser und anderen Websites. Dies dient dazu, Ihnen gezielt Anzeigen zu zeigen, die Ihren Interessen entsprechen.  Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass diese Daten genutzt werden, um Ihnen gezielte Werbeanzeigen zu liefern, können Sie diese Option hier mit einem Klick abbestellen:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org
oder
https://optout.aboutads.info
(oder hier, wenn Sie sich in der Europäischen Union befinden:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de
). Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie damit nicht verhindern, dass Ihnen weiterhin Werbung angezeigt wird. Sie sehen dann generische Werbeanzeigen.
7. IHRE RECHTE UND MÖGLICHKEITEN IN BEZUG AUF DATENSCHUTZ
7.1 Anfragen in Bezug auf personenbezogene Daten. Je nach Ihrem Wohnort und den geltenden Gesetzen haben Sie möglicherweise die folgenden Datenschutzrechte:
(i) Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Löschung. Sie können Zugriff auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten anfordern, um diese zu korrigieren, zu aktualisieren oder zu löschen.
(ii) Widerspruch oder Beschränkung. Sie können Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten einlegen, uns zur Beschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auffordern oder die Übertragung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten beantragen.
(iii) Widerruf des Einverständnisses. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrem Einverständnis gesammelt und verarbeitet haben, können Sie Ihr Einverständnis jederzeit widerrufen. Wenn Sie Ihr Einverständnis zurückziehen, wirkt sich dies nicht auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten aus, die wir zuvor verarbeitet hatten. Es wirkt sich weiterhin nicht auf eine Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten aus, die auf einer anderen rechtlichen Grundlage als Ihrem Einverständnis beruht.
Sie haben folgende Möglichkeiten, von diesen Rechten Gebrauch zu machen:
(i) Bei Anliegen zu HubSpot, einschließlich unserer Websites und Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, nutzen Sie bitte
dieses Formular
;
(ii) Bei Anliegen zu The Hustle kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@thehustle.co
.
Wenn Sie möchten, dass Ihre Daten aus unserem kommerziellen Datensatz entfernt werden, oder wenn Sie der Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten für unsere Werbe- und Marketingaktivitäten widersprechen möchten, füllen Sie bitte
dieses Formular
aus.
Bei Anliegen zu allen HubSpot-Marken (einschließlich The Hustle) können Sie uns auch an HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer schreiben.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir zum Schutz Ihrer persönlichen Daten Ihre Identität mit einer Methode verifizieren, die für die Art Ihrer Anfrage angemessen ist. Abhängig von Ihrem Wohnsitz haben Sie womöglich das Recht, eine bevollmächtigte Person mit der Einreichung Ihrer Anfragen zu betrauen. Bevollmächtigte müssen ihre Identität und Bevollmächtigung gemäß den geltenden Gesetzen uns gegenüber bestätigen. Es steht Ihnen zu, von den oben angeführten Rechten ohne jedwede Diskriminierung Gebrauch zu machen.
Wir werden auf Ihre Anfrage bezüglich der Änderung, Berichtigung oder Löschung Ihrer Daten innerhalb einer angemessenen Frist reagieren und Sie über die durchgeführte Maßnahme informieren. In einigen Fällen können Einschränkungen bezüglich Ihrer Rechte gelten, zum Beispiel wenn die Erfüllung Ihrer Anfrage die Rechte anderer Personen, unsere Fähigkeit zur Bereitstellung einer von Ihnen angeforderten Dienstleistung oder unsere Fähigkeit zur Einhaltung und Durchsetzung unserer Rechte beeinträchtigen würde. Je nach Ihrem Wohnort und den geltenden Gesetzen haben Sie möglicherweise das Recht, gegen unsere Erhebung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bei einer Datenschutzbehörde Beschwerde einzulegen. Kontaktinformationen zu den Datenschutzbehörden im EWR finden Sie auf der Seite der Mitglieder des Europäischen Datenschutzausschusses
hier
.
Wenn Sie ein Kunde oder ein potenzieller Kunde sind oder anderweitig mit einem HubSpot-Kunden in Kontakt stehen, der unseren Abonnementdienst nutzt, und auf Ihre von dem Kunden kontrollierten Daten zugreifen oder diese korrigieren, ändern oder löschen möchten, wenden Sie sich bitte direkt an den betreffenden Kunden. HubSpot handelt in den meisten Fällen als Auftragsverarbeiter für unsere Kunden und wir unterstützen diese dabei, solchen Anfragen gegebenenfalls nachzukommen.
7.2 Anti-Spam-Richtlinie. Unsere
Richtlinie zur akzeptablen Nutzung
gilt für uns und unsere Kunden. Sie verbietet unter anderem die Nutzung des Abonnementdienstes für den Versand unerwünschter gewerblicher E-Mails, soweit dies gegen geltendes Recht verstößt, und sie schreibt vor, dass alle über den Abonnementdienst versendeten E-Mails einen „Opt-out“-Mechanismus und weitere obligatorische Informationen enthalten müssen. Wir verlangen von allen unseren Kunden, dass sie sich uneingeschränkt zur Einhaltung der Richtlinie zur akzeptablen Nutzung verpflichten. Verstöße gegen die Richtlinie zur akzeptablen Nutzung seitens eines Kunden können die sofortige Sperrung oder Kündigung des Abonnementdienstes zur Folge haben.
7.3 Abmelden von unseren Mitteilungen. Auf folgende Arten können Sie sich von unseren Marketingmitteilungen abmelden:
(i) Klicken Sie auf den Link zum Abmelden unten in unseren E-Mails;
(ii) Aktualisieren Sie Ihre Kommunikationseinstellungen;
(iii) Bei Anliegen zu HubSpot kontaktieren Sie uns über unser
HubSpot-Datenschutzformular
;
(iv) Bei Anliegen zu The Hustle kontaktieren Sie uns unter
privacy@thehustle.co
; oder
(v) Bei Anliegen zu allen HubSpot-Marken (einschließlich The Hustle) schreiben Sie bitte an HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Kunden können den Empfang von transaktionsbezogenen E-Mails in Bezug auf ihren HubSpot-Account bei uns oder den Abonnementdienst nicht abbestellen.
7.4 Abmelden von Mitteilungen unserer Kunden. Unsere Kunden sind für ihre eigenen Marketing-E-Mails und sonstigen Mitteilungen allein verantwortlich. Wir können für Sie die Zusendung der Mitteilungen unserer Kunden nicht abbestellen. Wenn Sie als Einzelperson mit einem HubSpot-Kunden interagieren, können Sie sich von den Marketingmitteilungen dieses Kunden abmelden, indem Sie auf den Link zum Abmelden unten in ihren E-Mails klicken, oder indem Sie sich direkt an den Kunden wenden.
8. RECHT AUF PRIVATSPHÄRE NACH KALIFORNISCHEM RECHT
8.1 Anwendbarkeit. Dieser Abschnitt gilt nur für Verbraucher in Kalifornien. Im Rahmen dieses Abschnitts bezieht sich der Begriff „Persönliche Daten“ auf die ihm im California Consumer Privacy Act („CCPA“) zugeschriebene Bedeutung. In diesem Abschnitt wird beschrieben, wie wir in unserer Rolle als Unternehmen persönliche Daten von Verbrauchern in Kalifornien sammeln, nutzen und teilen und welche Rechte für Einwohner Kaliforniens gelten.
Falls Sie aufgrund einer Behinderung oder einer körperlichen oder geistigen Beeinträchtigung nicht in der Lage sind, auf diese Datenschutzrichtlinie zuzugreifen, können Sie uns kontaktieren und wir veranlassen, dass Sie die benötigten Informationen in einem alternativen, für Sie zugänglichen Format erhalten.
8.2 Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten sammeln, verwenden und weitergeben. Innerhalb der letzten zwölf (12) Monate haben wir die folgenden gesetzlichen Kategorien für persönliche Daten zusammengestellt:
(i) Kennungen wie Name, E-Mail-Adresse, Postanschrift und Telefonnummer. Wir erhalten diese Daten direkt von Ihnen oder über externe Quellen.
(ii) Geschäftsinformationen wie Einträge zu Abonnements. Wir erhalten diese Daten direkt von Ihnen.
(iii) Internet- oder Netzwerkinformationen wie den Browser- und Suchverlauf. Wir erhalten diese Daten direkt über Ihr Gerät.
(iv) Daten zur Geo-Positionierung wie die IP-Adresse. Wir erhalten diese Daten über Ihr Gerät.
(v) Finanzinformationen wie Zahlungsdaten oder Daten von Bankkonten, die im Laufe der Einrichtung Ihres Abonnements eingesetzt wurden. Wir erhalten diese Daten von Ihnen.
(vi) Berufliche Daten, wie Ihre Berufsbezeichnung und Ihr Unternehmen.
(vii) Andere persönliche Daten, z. B. wenn Sie mit uns online, per Telefon oder über E-Mail kommunizieren, um Hilfe durch unsere Helpdesks oder andere Supportkanäle zu erhalten; oder wenn Sie an Kundenumfragen oder Wettbewerben teilnehmen; oder bei der Einrichtung des Abonnementdienstes.
(viii) Folgerungen, die aus einer der oben genannten Kategorien gezogen werden, allein oder in Kombination.
In dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie wird beschrieben, für welche geschäftlichen und gewerblichen Zwecke wir diese Daten sammeln. Die Kategorien von Dritten, an die wir diese Informationen für einen geschäftlichen Zweck „weitergeben“, sind im Abschnitt „Wie wir personenbezogene Daten teilen“ dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben. Der Zeitraum, für den wir diese Daten aufbewahren, wird im Abschnitt „Wie wir personenbezogene Daten speichern und schützen“ dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben.
In den vorangegangenen 12 Monaten haben wir bestimmte Informationen, einschließlich Kennungen, an unsere Werbepartner „verkauft“ oder „weitergegeben“ (wie im CCPA definiert). Wir haben auch bestimmte Informationen, einschließlich Identifikatoren, ungefähre Standortdaten und berufliche Daten an unsere Kunden „verkauft“ oder „weitergegeben“.
8.3 Ihre Rechte als Einwohner Kaliforniens. Ihnen stehen bestimmte Rechte bezüglich der persönlichen Daten, die wir über Sie sammeln oder speichern, zu. Bitte beachten Sie, dass es sich hierbei um keine absoluten Rechte handelt, und es kann zu Fällen kommen, in denen wir Ihre Anfrage, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, ablehnen. Diese Rechte umfassen:
(i) Das Recht auf Auskunft bedeutet, dass Sie das Recht haben, uns aufzufordern, Ihnen mitzuteilen, welche personenbezogenen Daten wir in den letzten 12 Monaten über Sie gesammelt und gespeichert haben.
(ii) Das Recht auf Löschung bedeutet, dass Sie das Recht haben, uns dazu aufzufordern, von uns gesammelte und gespeicherte personenbezogene Daten über Sie zu löschen – von Ausnahmen abgesehen.
(iii) Das Recht auf Berichtigung bedeutet, dass Sie das Recht haben, die Korrektur von fehlerhaften persönlichen Daten anzufordern, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben.
(iv) Das Recht, Informationen über die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten (falls vorhanden) anzufordern, die wir an Dritte oder Affiliate-Partner für deren Direktmarketingzwecke weitergeben.
(v) Das Recht, die Verwendung sensibler personenbezogener Daten einzuschränken, bedeutet, dass Sie das Recht haben, Unternehmen anzuweisen, Ihre sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten nur für begrenzte Zwecke zu verwenden. Wir erfassen sensible personenbezogene Daten (wie z. B. Ihre Zahlungsinformationen), wie in den geltenden Gesetzen definiert, nur für die gesetzlich zulässigen Zwecke oder mit Ihrer Zustimmung. Wir sammeln und verarbeiten keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten, um Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Person zu ziehen.
(vi) Das Recht auf Widerspruch bedeutet, dass Sie gegen jede Entscheidung von uns, Ihre Datenschutzrechte nach geltendem Recht zu verweigern, Widerspruch einlegen können.
(vii) Das Recht darauf, nicht diskriminiert zu werden, bedeutet, dass Sie nicht diskriminierend behandelt werden, wenn Sie von einem Ihrer Datenschutzrechte Gebrauch machen.
Wir beantworten alle Einspruchsanfragen so schnell wie möglich, jedoch nicht später als gesetzlich vorgeschrieben.
8.4 So machen Sie als Einwohner Kaliforniens von Ihren Rechten Gebrauch. Sie können entweder selbst von diesen Rechten Gebrauch machen oder alternativ einen Handlungsbevollmächtigten bestimmen, der in Ihrem Namen von diesen Rechten Gebrauch macht. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir zum Schutz Ihrer persönlichen Daten Ihre Identität mit einer solchen Methode verifizieren, die der Art Ihrer Anfrage angemessen ist. Je nach Anfrage werden wir Sie um Daten wie Ihren Namen und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse bitten. Wir können Sie außerdem dazu auffordern, sicherzustellen, dass Ihr Handlungsbevollmächtigter von Ihnen eine schriftliche Genehmigung dafür erhält, in Ihrem Namen zu handeln. Zum Schutz Ihrer persönlichen Daten müssen wir möglicherweise darüber hinaus die Identität Ihres Handlungsbevollmächtigten verifizieren. Wir können den Antrag eines Vertreters ablehnen, der nicht nachweist, dass er berechtigt ist, in Ihrem Namen zu handeln.
Wir werden innerhalb des gesetzlich zulässigen Zeitrahmens antworten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir für mehrere Anfragen innerhalb desselben 12-Monats-Zeitraums eine angemessene Gebühr erheben können, soweit dies gesetzlich zulässig ist.
Bitte wenden Sie sich unter den unten stehenden Kontaktdaten an uns oder konsultieren Sie Abschnitt „Ihre Rechte und Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Datenschutz“, wenn Sie:
(i) in einem alternativen Format auf diese Richtlinie zugreifen möchten;
(ii) eines Ihrer oben beschriebenen Rechte ausüben möchten;
(iii) mehr über Ihre Rechte oder unsere Datenschutzpraktiken erfahren möchten; oder
(iv) einen Handlungsbevollmächtigten bestimmten möchten, der in Ihrem Namen eine Anfrage stellt.
8.5 Recht auf Ablehnung des „Verkaufs“ oder der „Weitergabe“. HubSpot sammelt Daten aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen oder anderen Drittquellen und gibt diese Informationen an unsere Kunden weiter, die unsere Anreicherungsprodukte kaufen. Dies kann unter bestimmten staatlichen Datenschutzgesetzen wie dem CCPA als „Verkauf“ oder „Weitergabe“ angesehen werden. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt „Daten, die wir in Verbindung mit unseren Anreicherungsprodukten sammeln und verarbeiten“.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie im CCPA definiert, auch an dritte Werbepartner weitergeben, um im Namen von HubSpot personalisierte Werbung auf den Websites oder mobilen Apps anderer Unternehmen zu schalten. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt „Werbepartner“.
Wenn Sie möchten, dass Ihre Daten aus unserem kommerziellen Datensatz entfernt werden, oder wenn Sie der Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten für unsere Werbe- und Marketingaktivitäten widersprechen möchten, füllen Sie bitte
dieses Formular
aus.
Sie können auch die personalisierte Werbung, die Sie sehen, kontrollieren, indem Sie diese Dienste nutzen:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
oder
https://optout.aboutads.info
/ (oder wenn Sie sich in der Europäischen Union befinden, klicken Sie bitte hier:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/
). Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie damit nicht verhindern, dass Ihnen weiterhin Werbung angezeigt wird. Sie sehen dann generische Werbeanzeigen.
Wir „verkaufen“ oder „teilen“ nicht wissentlich personenbezogene Daten von Kindern unter 16 Jahren.
9. SONSTIGE WICHTIGE INFORMATIONEN ZUM DATENSCHUTZ
9.1 Daten von Kindern. Die HubSpot-Websites, Produkte und Dienstleistungen sind nicht für Kinder unter 16 Jahren gedacht, und wir erfassen weder wissentlich noch absichtlich personenbezogene Daten über Kinder unter 16 Jahren. Wenn Sie mutmaßen, dass wir personenbezogene Daten eines Kindes unter 16 Jahren erfasst haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
, damit wir die Daten löschen können.
9.1.1 Daten von Kindern im Abonnementdienst. Unser Produkt oder der Abonnementdienst ermöglicht es unseren Kunden, Daten von Kinder zu erfassen, die in den Kundendaten enthalten sein können, gemäß unseren
Nutzungsbedingungen für Kunden
. Mehr Informationen darüber, wie wir als Auftragsverarbeiter Daten im Namen unserer Kunden verarbeiten, finden Sie im Unterabschnitt „Daten, die wir im Namen von Kunden verarbeiten, wenn diese den Abonnementdienst nutzen“ dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie.
9.2 Externe Schlichtungsstelle. Wenn Sie ein ungelöstes Anliegen bezüglich des Datenschutzes oder der Verwendung Ihrer Daten haben, wenden Sie sich bitte (gebührenfrei) an unseren externen Schlichter in den USA unter
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
(auf Englisch).
10.  GOOGLE-PRODUKTE UND INTEGRATIONEN
10.1 Google reCAPTCHA. Zum Schutz vor Schadsoftware, die auf unseren Websites missbräuchliche Aktivitäten durchführen könnte, haben wir Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise in einigen unserer Produkte und Services implementiert. Mehr über die Art der von Google erfassten Daten und deren Verwendungszwecke erfahren Sie in der
Datenschutzrichtlinie von Google
. Weitere Informationen zu den Produkten und Dienstleistungen von Google sind in den
Nutzungsbedingungen von Google
abrufbar.
10.2 Gmail-Integration. Wenn Sie die Gmail-Integration verwenden oder eine andere Google Workspace-Anwendung in HubSpot integrieren möchten, werden Sie aufgefordert, uns Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Gmail- oder Google-Konto zu gewähren.
Durch Ihre Verwendung der Gmail-Integration mit dem Abonnementdienst geben Sie dem Abonnementdienst Zugriff auf mit Ihrem Gmail-Konto verknüpfte Daten, darunter Kontakte, E-Mails, Kalender, Verteilerlisten, Betreffzeilen und URLs von Tracking-Links in Ihren E-Mails (sofern Sie die Funktion zum E-Mail-Tracking verwenden). Darüber hinaus kann der Abonnementdienst E-Mails aus Ihrem verknüpften Gmail-Konto lesen, bearbeiten, erstellen und versenden. Der Abonnementdienst überprüft den Inhalt Ihrer E-Mails, um zu ermitteln, für welche E-Mails Sie die Trackingfunktion aktiviert haben, und so die Benachrichtigungsfunktion für Sie bereitzustellen. Der Abonnementdienst speichert Antworten, ausgehende Nachrichten, E-Mail-Header, Betreffzeilen, Verteilerlisten, Aliasse, Versandzeiten und E-Mail-Texte. Ihr E-Mail-Verkehr kann unter Umständen sensible, private oder vertrauliche Informationen wie Kontaktnamen, private Nachrichten, Finanz- oder Gesundheitsdaten enthalten. Sie sind sich darüber im Klaren, dass die getrackten Korrespondenzen für andere Nutzer in Ihrem Abonnement-Team sichtbar sind. Google Workspace-APIs werden nicht verwendet, um verallgemeinerte KI- und/oder ML-Modelle zu entwickeln, zu verbessern oder zu trainieren.
Wenn Sie Ihr Gmail-Konto via IMAP (oder direkt über Google) mit dem Abonnementdienst verknüpfen, hat der Abonnementdienst ausschließlich Zugriff auf E-Mail-Adressen, Passwörter, Server-Informationen, E-Mail-Meta-Daten und E-Mail-Texte. Für die Verknüpfung Ihres Gmail-Kontos via IMAP müssen Sie keine anderen Google Workspace-Anwendungen mit HubSpot verknüpfen.
Tipp zu HubSpots Vertragsbedingungen: Mehr darüber, wie wir auf diese Daten zugreifen, erfahren Sie in folgendem Artikel der Wissensdatenbank:
Persönliche E-Mail-Konten mit HubSpot verknüpfen
.
10.3 Zusätzliche Einschränkungen der Nutzung Ihrer Google-Nutzerdaten. Die Nutzung von Informationen, die HubSpot von Google-APIs erhält, sowie deren Übertragung an eine andere App erfolgt gemäß der
Google API Services User Data Policy
, was die Anforderungen zur eingeschränkten Nutzung einschließt.
10.4 Google Kalender-Integration. Der Abonnementdienst hat Zugriff auf Ihren Google Kalender und auf jeden anderen Ihrer mit Google verknüpften Kalender, um Ihre Nutzung unseres Meetings-Tools zu unterstützen und um Ihnen zu ermöglichen, Events mit Kontakten in Ihrem HubSpot-Account zu verbinden. Der Abonnementdienst kann Ihre Kalender erstellen und ändern und einzelne Kalender-Events aktualisieren.
10.5 Google Drive-Integration. Durch die Verknüpfung mit Google Drive kann der Abonnementdienst Ihre Dateien aufrufen, hochladen und herunterladen sowie Dateiinhalte und -titel speichern. Der Abonnementdienst nutzt diese Berechtigungen, um Ihre Verwendung der Funktionen des Composer- und des Collect-Tools zu unterstützen, damit Sie Entwürfe für Blogartikel in Google Drive erstellen und anschließend für die Veröffentlichung hochladen können.
10.6 Google Search Console-Integration. Sie haben die Möglichkeit, Ihre Google Search Console mit unserem Content-Management-System (CMS) und Marketing Hub zu integrieren. Im Rahmen dieser Integration kann der Abonnementdienst Eigenschaften aufrufen, verwalten und speichern, welche die Liste der Websites und Domains, die Sie in HubSpot kontrollieren, und die Search Console-Daten für Ihre verbundenen Eigenschaften umfassen.
10.7 Chrome-Erweiterungen.
10.7.1 HubSpot-Browsererweiterung. Sie können die HubSpot-Browser-Erweiterung für Chrome installieren, um E-Mails aus Gmail und Google Workspace im Chrome-Browser nachzuverfolgen. Sobald die Erweiterung installiert ist, kann sie alle Ihre Daten auf den von Ihnen besuchten Websites lesen und ändern sowie Benachrichtigungen anzeigen. Die Erweiterung speichert alle E-Mails aus Gmail und kann in Verbindung mit der Inbox-Integration verwendet werden.
10.7.2 Collect-Erweiterung. Sie können die Collect-Erweiterung mit Ihrem Google Drive integrieren, um Dateien und Text direkt aus Ihrem Chrome-Browser in Google Drive hochzuladen. Diese Dateien stehen Ihnen anschließend über die Google Drive-Integration zur Verfügung.
10.7.3 Social-Media-Erweiterung. Sie können die Social-Media-Erweiterung für Chrome mit dem Social Composer Tool von HubSpot nutzen, um Seiten, Texte und Bilder aus dem Netz mit anderen Nutzern zu teilen. Sie können Beiträge verfassen und planen, Kampagnen zuweisen sowie Beiträge im Social-Media-Kalender oder – sobald sie veröffentlicht wurden – in Social-Media-Berichten ansehen.
Tipp zu HubSpots Vertragsbedingungen: Die Social-Media-Erweiterung greift erst auf Informationen über die aktuelle Seite zu, nachdem die entsprechende Schaltfläche auf der Symbolleiste angeklickt wurde. Dabei werden die in dem Wissensdatenbankartikel
Installieren und Nutzen der Social Chrome-Erweiterung von HubSpot
erteilten Genehmigungen beachtet.
10.8. YouTube-Integration. Wenn Sie HubSpot-Kunde sind und die YouTube-Integration mit Ihren Abonnementdiensten von HubSpot nutzen möchten, werden Sie aufgefordert, uns Zugriff auf die Daten Ihres YouTube-Kontos zu gewähren, und erhalten die Möglichkeit, Ihre Konten zu verknüpfen.
Durch Ihre Verwendung der YouTube-Integration mit dem Abonnementdienst erteilen Sie dem Abonnementdienst von HubSpot Zugriff auf mit Ihrem YouTube-Konto verknüpfte Daten. Der Abonnementdienst überprüft den Inhalt Ihres YouTube-Kontos, um zu ermitteln, für welche Inhalte Sie die Trackingfunktion aktiviert haben, und so Funktionen der Abonnementdienste für Sie bereitzustellen. Der Abonnementdienst speichert Informationen aus Ihrem YouTube-Konto. Sie nehmen zur Kenntnis, dass die Informationen aus Ihrem YouTube-Konto, die Sie in den Abonnementdiensten verfolgen, für andere Benutzer innerhalb Ihres HubSpot-Accounts sichtbar sein können.
Ihre Nutzung der YouTube-Integration von HubSpot unterliegt den Nutzungsbedingungen von YouTube unter
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
und der Datenschutzrichtlinie von Google unter
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
.
Zusätzlich zu den typischen Funktionen zur Datenlöschung, die in den Abonnementdiensten unterstützt werden, können Kunden die YouTube-Integration in Ihrem HubSpot-Account in den Google-Sicherheitseinstellungen unter
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
widerrufen.
Tipp zu den HubSpot-Vertragsbedingungen: Weitere Informationen über unseren Zugriff auf Informationen und das Entfernen des Zugriffs auf Ihr Google-Konto finden Sie in folgendem Artikel der Wissensdatenbank:
Entfernen Sie den Zugriff auf HubSpot in Ihrem Google-Konto
.
11. KONTAKT
Sollten Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder unseren Datenschutzpraktiken haben oder sollten Sie eine Behinderung haben und diese Mitteilung in einem anderen Format benötigen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte wie folgt:
(i) Bei Anliegen zu HubSpot kontaktieren Sie uns über unser
Datenschutzformular
;
(ii) Bei Anliegen zu The Hustle kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@thehustle.co
;
(iii) Sie können uns auch per Post unter folgender Adresse kontaktieren:
Attn: Data Protection Officer
HubSpot, Inc.
Two Canal Park
Cambridge, MA 02141 USA
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
http://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.adroll.com/about/privacy:
Business Units
AdRoll
RollWorks
Careers
Culture
Search Jobs
About
Blog
USA
USA
UK
Deutschland
España
Nederland
France
Italia
Ireland
Australia
Careers
Culture
Search Jobs
About
Blog
Service Privacy Notice
Effective as of April 3, 2023
View
archived Privacy Notice
NextRoll, Inc. (formerly AdRoll, Inc.) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
we
” “
our
” or “
us
”) is an independent marketing technology company that offers intelligent, data-driven advertising and marketing services and solutions to help big and small companies accelerate their growth (“
Services
”).
We have prepared this Service Privacy Notice to describe the types of data we collect from you, and explain how, why and when we collect this data in order to provide our Services to our Customers. References to
“Customer”
in this Policy Notice refers to any business, brand, marketer and/or advertiser who uses NextRoll’s Services. This Service Privacy Notice also identifies what rights you have concerning the collection of this data, such as the right to opt-out of interest-based advertising (also commonly referred to as targeted or personalized advertising). If you have additional questions, you can visit our
Trust Center
or
Contact Us.
Please note that this Privacy Notice does not apply to data we collect when you visit a NextRoll website, including
https://www.nextroll.com/
,
www.adroll.com
and
https://www.rollworks.com/
. To learn what data we collect when you visit our websites, please visit the
NextRoll Website Privacy Notice
.
Table of Contents
About NextRoll's Services
What Data we Collect
How We Use the Data We Collect
Data Sharing
Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Cookies and Related Technologies
Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Data Retention
Security
International Transfers
Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Information For California Residents Only
Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Make a Privacy Request
Information For Individuals Located in Brazil
Changes to this Service Privacy Notice
Contact Us About Questions
1. About NextRoll's Services
Back to top
NextRoll is a marketing technology company that helps big and small companies deliver products ambitious marketers use and rely on to grow their businesses. Powered by machine learning and integrated data platforms, NextRoll’s intelligent, data-driven marketing and advertising services and solutions go beyond serving digital ads by providing companies better visibility into which audiences are most interested in certain products and services. By using NextRoll’s proprietary data and machine learning offerings (“
NextRoll Technology
”), companies can better understand their current customers, find new loyal customers and build lasting customer relationships through intelligence-driven direct marketing activities.
NextRoll has two different business divisions:
AdRoll
is an e-commerce marketing platform for companies that sell their products and services directly to consumers (called “
Direct to Consumer
” or “
D2C
” companies). The AdRoll platform makes it easy and affordable for D2C companies to deliver the cross-channel experiences consumers expect – enabling
them to sell more to their existing consumers and identify new consumers to introduce to their products and services. AdRoll does this by creating connected, personalized customer journeys that enable brands to reach new and existing customers through digital advertising, email marketing and onsite experiences. AdRoll also helps companies understand the impact of their marketing efforts with advanced measurement and attribution;
RollWorks
offers an account-based platform for businesses who want to sell their products and services to other businesses (called “
Business to Business”
or “
B2B
” companies). Our RollWorks Services help B2B companies identify their target accounts and key buyers, reach those accounts across multiple channels and measure program effectiveness in their system-of-record.
Interest-Based Advertising
NextRoll’s Technology helps our D2C and B2B Customers provide ads and send emails to people that are most likely to find them interesting by showing them ads that are relevant to their specific interests. This is called “interest-based advertising”. We show many of these interest-based ads on websites and mobile apps which rely on advertising revenue to support the content they provide - and what we all consume - for free each day.
When you visit a website or a mobile application (each a “
Digital Property
”) operated by one of our Customers, open an email from a Customer, or get served an ad by us on behalf of our Customer on a third party site, we may collect certain data from your device as described in this Service Privacy Notice. Our platform then uses that data, as well as other data described in
What Data We Collect
, to help our Customers provide ads and send emails to you that aim to be more relevant to you. To see an example of how this works in practice, see
Example of Interest-Based Advertising.
Interest-based advertising enables publishers of Digital Properties to more accurately determine which ads to serve to specific users based on near real-time data. In turn, this allows our Customers to provide more effective advertising that reaches a more precise pool of prospective buyers.
All in all, interest-based advertising promotes better competition in the marketplace (for example, small and medium sized companies have a better opportunity to reach as many prospective buyers as large, well-funded, competitors), and allows our Customers to provide free or low-cost content to their customers due to the resources generated by effective advertising.
Example of Interest-Based Advertising
You’re working from home for the foreseeable future and want to invest in more comfortable work-from-home clothing. You can’t go to the store right now so you decide to peruse some e-commerce sites instead. You go to Google and type in “loungewear” and a list of websites pop up, including one for ABC Sweatshirts. You’re still in the research phase so you browse their site but don’t purchase. Luckily, ABC Sweatshirts is a
customer
of NextRoll and uses the AdRoll technology for its e-commerce platform. Our technology notes that your device visited ABC Loungwear’s website and was looking at sweatshirts.
Later, as you browse the Internet, we show you ads online from ABC Sweatshirts to encourage you to come back and purchase the sweatshirt, perhaps even with a discount offer or notice of an upcoming sale. We may also show you ads from other companies that sell similar products or services you may be interested in to complete your loungewear outfit, such as sweatpants or home slippers. In addition, if you gave ABC Sweatshirts your email address for marketing purposes, we may also send you emails on behalf of the brand that tell you about its new exclusive line of sweatshirts, special promotions, and more. Alternatively, we may use your email to serve you interest-based ads on social media (for example, your social media provider may match a pseudonymized form of your email address that we provide them with the email address details you have registered with your social media account, enabling us to show you interest-based ads in your social media newsfeed)
.
Measurement and Attribution
In addition to interest-based advertising, we also provide various analytics to help our Customers measure the success of their advertising campaigns and identify prospective buyers who may be the most interested in their products or services.
For instance, by collecting a unique identifier (such as a cookie ID) from the devices of users who see our Customers’ ads or visit their Digital Properties, we can measure whether those unique identifiers subsequently took a particular action, such as buying a Customer’s product or visiting their Digital Property (sometimes called a “conversion”). In some cases, we may use our cross device data asset to match unique identifiers (which includes browsing activity) to email addresses. Customers are only notified of a match if the email already exists in the Customer ‘s CRM records. AdRoll’s D2C Services can collect, measure and analyze different types of data in conjunction with these unique identifiers and provide useful information to our AdRoll Customers such as what IP address ranges visitors to their Digital Properties are from (indicating the geographic locations of a visitor, which may help indicate what locations to run a particular ad campaign), what products or services located on their Digital Property are attracting more attention (or less), and what ad campaigns ultimately led a cookie ID back to a Digital Property to view more products or make a purchase.
RollWorks’ B2B Services provide similar types of analytics derived from the same sort of data as AdRoll’s D2C Services described above, but with a focus on firmographic information to provide insights on the type of B2B customers that appear to be interested in specific products or offerings on that Customer’s Digital Property. For example, determining which IP address ranges are associated with a unique identifier (such as a cookie ID) so we can identify companies who may be interested in our Customer’s product or service, or, if a unique identifier is linked to an email address that has already been provided to the B2B customer, RollWorks may alert the Customer of increased browsing activity that indicates interest from a particular known account.
Overall, we use the information learned from unique identifier behavior across the Internet to provide reporting to both our D2C and B2B Customers. A more detailed list of all the data we collect is described in
What Data We Collect.
2. What Data we Collect
Back to top
We collect the following categories of data in the provision of our Services for the purposes explained below.
Data You or Our Customers Provide To Us
Email and CRM data from our Customers
:
Some Customers provide their customer relationship data to us (e.g. name, email address, company address, mobile number) or instruct us to collect clear email addresses on their behalf using NextRoll Technology (“
Customer CRM Data
”) for processing as part of our Services. By doing so, we help our Customers identify who is showing interest on their Digital Properties as well as serve, measure and analyze interest-based ads to their current or potential customers (we may also trigger these ads by licensing
RollWorks B2B Contact Data
to a Customer). For example, if you are browsing a software company’s website and submitted your email to download a white paper, the software company may use our Services to contact you and provide you with more information about the software company’s products that appear to be of most interest to you (subject to the marketing preferences you indicate to the software company). We use our Customer’s CRM Data only as a processor for the purpose of assisting that particular Customer with their own advertising efforts and reporting performance back to the Customer's CRM system. We do not share clear email addresses belonging to one Customer with another Customer.
Shopping Data
:
Some Customers provide us with data about their buyers’ shopping habits, including non-financial transactional data, product codes and check-out activity in addition to the browsing data that we collect. This data may come from their Digital Properties or other non-financial transactional data they maintain. We use this data to help us better target, personalize and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. This data is also Customer CRM Data and belongs to our Customers and is handled by NextRoll as a processor.
Hashed email addresses
:
When a Customer permits us, we collect hashed versions of the email addresses that you have entered on that Customer’s Digital Property. Hashing is a technology process that pseudonymizes email addresses. For instance, when joe
the
cat@nextroll.com is run through a typical hashing function, it becomes a string of digits, such as: 0F0B7B1A1A7E8BDBBC6AA545F8CCD6F83671B32479271BFCB6CC8498912058D5. We take this step to protect email addresses, while being able to use the unique identifier created for the purpose of recognizing you online across Digital Properties and sending you interest-based ads across different devices (computers, tablets and mobile devices) and browsers (also called “cross-device matching”). We describe cross-device matching in further detail in
How We Use the Data We Collect.
Data We Receive in Our Corporate Capacity
:
We also collect data from our own Customers and visitors to our website(s). To learn more about how we collect and use that data, please see our
Website Privacy Notice.
Data We Automatically Collect From Your Device
Unless you have opted-out or have otherwise refused to provide consent, the following is data that we collect from your device automatically:
Cookies:
A unique identifier that NextRoll assigns to you when visiting a Customer’s Digital Property so NextRoll can understand your online journey and have the opportunity to serve ads to you when you visit Publisher’s Digital Properties.
Device Information:
This is technical information about the device you use to access our Customers’ Digital Property, such as your operating system. Additionally, in the case of mobile devices, your device type, and mobile device's unique advertising identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID), and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to the mobile device, such as an Android ID or UDID in older Apple phone models, or a non-cookie unique identifier used by
Non-Cookie Technologies
.
IP Address:
The IP address associated with the device you are using when accessing a Customer’s Digital Property.
Location Data:
This is non-precise information related to your geography derived from your device’s IP address. This does not reveal your precise geographic coordinates (i.e. GPS latitude and longitude) - only country, state, city and zip/postal code, and helps us to display ads that are relevant to your general location (for example, showing ads in French if you are located in France).
Browser Data:
This is technical information about the browser you are using that is captured in order to serve you an ad that can be rendered on your device (for example, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari).
Activity on Customers’ Digital Properties:
This is data about your browsing activity on a Customer’s website or application. This includes, for example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what site or ad brought you to the Customer’s website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart and what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Ad Data:
This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. This includes , for example, how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
All of this data is collected to help make sure you get the best and most relevant experience when engaging with our Customers.
Data We Collect From Third Party Sources
Campaign Performance Data:
This data includes information about how well our Customers’ ads and campaigns have performed, whether on our platform or on other advertising platforms.
Data from Audience Partners:
We may collect additional information about you from our audience partners who create and provide us with segments which we use for our Customers (“
Audience Partner
”). A segment is a grouping of users who share one or more attributes (e.g. demographic or firmographic attributes). We use this data to better understand the Customers’ target audience and to better market the Customers’ products and services to you. We may also work with our Customers and Audience Partners to synchronize their unique, pseudonymous identifiers to our own to enable us to more accurately recognize a particular unique browser or device and the advertising interests associated with it (commonly known as “ID or User Syncing”).
Data from Advertising Partners:
This is data that allows us to match the NextRoll cookie identifier with identifiers that may already be used by other companies in the digital advertising ecosystem that we work with (“
Advertising Partners
”). For example, we work with ad exchanges, publishers and supply side platforms (i.e. companies that sell advertising space on publishers’ websites) in order to serve our ads. Matching cookie identifiers helps us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices and may include pseudonymous advertising identifiers (meaning identifiers that help identify your browser or device, but not you directly) which some Advertising Partners choose to share with us.
Data collected pursuant to RollWorks Business only:
Email Communications:
Customers may provide us with access to their email communications from their prospects when they have engaged us to provide email marketing services. NextRoll acts as a processor of this CRM Data. . When access to this data involves access to Gmail Data, it will be subject to these additional restrictions:
We will only use access to read, write, modify or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings to provide a web email that allows users to compose, send, read and process emails and will not transfer this Gmail Data to others unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law or as part of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets;
We will not use this Gmail Data for serving advertisements; and
We will not allow humans to read this data unless agreed to by the Customer, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for the provision of NextRoll’s Services.
Contact data from third parties
:
We obtain and collect contact data from various third-party sources, including from public sources and through licenses with data providers. We may also infer contact data based on email addresses and email naming conventions. This contact data is B2B information – in other words, it is typically a business email address, business street address and a business telephone number. Please note that as part of our RollWorks Services, we do not collect business email addresses from third parties for any individuals who are residing in any European Territories (as defined in
International Transfers
).
3. How We Use the Data We Collect
Back to top
Our goal is to leverage this data to help Customers better identify and engage with you and, in turn, provide you with an ideal online experience whereby ad-sponsored content is available for free and the ads served to you are for products and services that aim to be relevant and interesting to you. The data we collect also helps Customers analyze traffic on their Digital Properties, measure the effectiveness of their ad campaigns and gauge the interest of prospective buyers.  Additionally, we use this data to operate, improve and enhance our Services.
Specifically, we use this data for the following purposes:
Interest-Based Advertising:
To select ads that are more likely to be relevant to you based on data such as your browsing activity, the time of day and time spent visiting specific Digital Properties, and non-precise geographic data inferred about your device(s). For example, we may show you ads for your favorite shopping site (or similar sites we think you may like) for goods or services only available in your city, region or country during your lunch or commute hours.
Segmenting Audiences:
To segment you into groups (like bargain hunters, high intent visitors, low intent visitors) for certain purposes such as reporting and analytics as well as determining what ads and email content would best peak your interest.  To do so, we use data from Customer Digital Properties you visit in addition to data provided by the Customer and Audience Partners (i.e. demographic and firmographic information about your unique identifier).
Ad Delivery:
We use data about your browser or other technical information about your device in order to technically deliver advertising and confirm successful delivery of the ad.
Frequency Capping:
We use data about the ads that have been served to you to make sure you will not see the same ad too many times. If we know you’ve already seen one of our Customer’s ads several times, we’ll try to show you a different ad next time.
Sequencing:
If you are being served a sequence of ads, to make sure we show you the right ad next in the sequence.
Mapping data to Our Cross-Device Asset:
NextRoll’s cross-device asset is used to connect multiple devices to one person, household, and/or online identifiers such as an email address (hashed for security) that a Customer may have collected directly from its customers. The cross-device asset allows companies to better understand their known-customer activity, as well as improves the ability to target and measure ad campaigns (including limiting the number of times the same person or household sees an ad).
Cross-device matching
:
Identifying different devices and browsers that are likely to be associated with you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices, and so that campaign effectiveness can be measured and analyzed. For example, cross-device matching helps us not show you ads for the shoes you were looking at on your phone but already purchased on your tablet. Instead we’ll try to show you ads for an upcoming triathlon where you can put those shoes to work. It also helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we know are connected to the opted-out cookie. You may opt-out of cross-device interest-based targeting by employing the respective opt-out techniques we describe in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
. To learn more about how we use cross-device matching,
visit our blog
.
Syncing Online Identifiers with Customer CRM Data
:
Customers may use NextRoll Services to match online browsing activity indicated by online identifiers with existing email addresses the Customer has already obtained ( i.e. Customer CRM Data).  Customers may also use this information to understand which consumers or business accounts are showing increased interest to better understand their website audience and respond with appropriate marketing activity.
Identifying Companies Associated with an IP Range for B2B marketing
:
We match IP address ranges to companies who disclose their IP address ranges in order to provide aggregated reports to companies regarding their website traffic.
Reporting and Attribution:
By analyzing activity on our Customers’ Digital Properties, we provide our Customers insights into how their ad campaigns are performing and surface insights about their site visitors. Reporting may include ad metrics, such as traffic on certain Digital Properties, measuring impact of campaigns, impressions (ads served), clicks (ads you clicked on) and conversions. What qualifies as a “conversion” is defined by the Customer—it might include, for example, a sale or a white paper download or a correlation to an actual or inferred sale, site visit or store visit. This data allows a Customer to determine if an ad is not performing well (few attributed conversions), so that the Customer can update the ad (perhaps with a better deal!).
Licensing Data:
When we receive an email address for a U.S. resident or obtain attribute data from third party data providers or derive an email address we may license that data to our Customers. For example, our
RollWorks Contact Data Product
provides our Customers with business email addresses.
Conducting Our Corporate Operations:
Data we collect in our corporate capacity (i.e. our own B2B lists of Customers) is used to conduct our business operations and communications. Please see our
Website Privacy Notice
to learn more about how we use that data.
Complying with Legal Process:
To satisfy in good faith any applicable law, legal process or proper governmental request, such as to respond to a subpoena (whether civil or criminal) or similar process.
Investigating Wrongdoing and Protecting Ourselves or Third Parties:
To enforce or investigate any potential violation of our
Terms of Service
, policies or the law, and to protect ourselves, our Customers or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
4. Data Sharing
Back to top
We may disclose data about you with the following third parties:
With a Customer:
We may share data about how you have interacted with a Customer’s Digital Properties, email campaigns or ads.  We may share
business contact data
collected from third party sources or inferred (for example, based on email naming conventions) with a RollWorks B2B Customer if we think that your business or employer would be interested in that Customer’s products. In regards to RollWorks’ Services, we do not collect contact data about residents of European Territories from third parties.
With Our Audience Partners:
We share hashed email addresses or other pseudonymous online identifiers with our Audience Partners in connection with audience creation and modeling and creating segments for the Customer based on the Customer’s CRM Data.
With Our Advertising Partners:
We disclose cookie ID data and the ad we propose to serve with our Advertising Partners, as necessary, to allow for the successful delivery of ads to your device.
With Our Service Providers:
We contract with companies who provide services to us to support our business operations (e.g., for example, website and data hosting, fraud prevention, viewability reporting, data hygiene, marketing and email delivery), as well as billing, collections, tech, customer and operational support.
With Our Subsidiaries and Affiliates:
Our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates will only process your data for the purposes already explained in this Service Privacy Notice. Our subsidiaries are NextRoll Limited (Ireland), AdRoll Limited (UK) and NextRoll Pty Limited (Australia).
In Connection with Legal Proceedings:
When we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example, to comply with a binding order of a court or where disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend the legal rights of NextRoll, our Customer or any other third party.
In Connection with a Sale of Our Business:
If a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets, we may disclose your information in connection with the sale (including during due diligence in preparation for the sale).
5. Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Back to top
NextRoll may aggregate and de-identify data it collects so that it can either no longer be directly or indirectly associated with a natural person or cannot be associated with a natural person at all. NextRoll will then use such data for our machine learning, reporting, analytics and other business purposes.
We may also share aggregated and de-identified data with our subsidiaries and affiliates.
6. Cookies and Related Technologies
Back to top
NextRoll offers a consent management platform that adheres to the latest Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF). Our commitment to the principles outlined in the IAB TCF are provided in our
TCF Attestation
.
NextRoll Technology uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide our Services to our Customers. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. You can refuse consent to, or opt-out of, NextRoll cookies at any time, as explained in
Your Choices and Opting-out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
below. The NextRoll cookie we serve through our NextRoll Technology for this purpose is named “__adroll”, “__ar_v4”, “_adroll_shared” and “__adroll_fpc.”
Our Advertising Partners may also drop cookies for the purposes described in
What Data We Collect
. Generally, the type of cookies dropped will vary depending on the Advertising Partner. We provide a list of our Advertising Pixel Partners
here
.
Additionally, we use
non-tracking cookies
to store user decisions in terms of your ad consent and opt-out choices:
We may drop a __adroll cookie with value opt-out if you opt-out as described below.
We may drop a __consent cookie that stores the consent choices you have made regarding data processing and advertising by NextRoll.
We may drop a__adroll_post_consent_html for custom HTML to display to the user confirming consent selection.
We may drop a__adroll_post_consent_css for custom CSS (website design) to style the confirm GDPR consent selection.
We may drop a__adroll_consent_params cookie GDPR consent parameters for recording via ad server callbacks.
We may drop a __adroll_bounced3 for users redirected through Safari bounce.
We may drop a__adroll_bounce_closed for Safari banner closure.
We may drop a__adroll_load_stats to determine how many times the Safari banner was loaded.
A full list of NextRoll cookies is set out below:
Tracking cookies
Non-tracking cookies
__adroll
__ar_v4
__adroll_shared
__adroll_fpc
__adroll_consent_params
__adroll_post_consent_html
__adroll_post_connsent_css
__adroll_bounced3
__adroll_bounce_closed
__adroll_load_stats
7. Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Back to top
In respect of website visitors with IP addresses
not from a European Territory
, NextRoll and some of its Advertising Partners may use technologies other than cookie technology to recognize your computer, device or browser for the purposes of interest-based advertising, analyzing engagement with ads or content, measuring the effectiveness of a particular ad campaign or marketing effort, to monitor against fraud or misuse of our Services, or in other ways described in this Service Privacy Notice in
How We Use the Data We Collect
. This use of non-cookie technology may be used in addition to cookies, or separately, to collect and record data about your web browsing activities on browsers, search engines or other platforms that may not utilize NextRoll Technology.
You may opt-out of tracking via non-cookie technologies by employing the respective opt-out techniques described in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
8. Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Back to top
You can control how you share your data with NextRoll, including electing to opt-out of interest-based advertising altogether. Please visit our
opt-out webpage
to opt-out.
Generally speaking, an opt-out allows you to direct NextRoll not to engage in a particular type of data collection. There are many different ways that NextRoll collects data, different purposes for that data collection, and different industry-specific and NextRoll-specific tools for opting-out. We describe below the different options for controlling how NextRoll uses your data:
Web browser:
You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon
that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking on our
opt-out page
. Please note that this opt-out function is browser-specific and relies on an opt-out cookie. This means if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Cross Device Opt-Out:
As described above in
How We Use the Data We Collect
, we may link multiple browsers or devices to the cookie ID, hashed email address or other unique identifiers associated with you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have additional devices or browsers linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to any other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in certain conditions, there may be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out:
To opt-out of receiving interest-based ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications, see instructions for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher:
Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher:
Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt-out of interest-based advertising.”
Industry Opt-Out Tools and Self-Regulation:
NextRoll is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (
NAI
) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. You may use the
NAI opt-out tool
which will allow you to opt-out of seeing interest-based ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies. In addition, the NAI opt-out tool allows you to separately opt-out of “audience matched” advertising through the NAI’s “
Audience Matched Advertising Opt-Out
.” You can also use the
email opt-out tool
provided by our Advertising Partner, LiveRamp, to opt-out your email address from their database. Audience matching is a particular type of interest-based advertising where de-identified data (e.g. hashed emails) is tied to “offline” activity or information (this information generally is or can be associated with a consumer’s email address - whether that information is part of our Customer’s own customer lists or in lists we license to the Customer). To do “audience matching,” we or another platform then “match” that information (in de-identified form) to cookie IDs, mobile ad IDs, or other online identifiers. We describe this hashing activity in additional detail in
What Data We Collect
. Because this “audience matched” information is derived from an email address or information that can be tied to an email address, it is possible to opt-out with an email address. However, when you opt-out this way, you will need to submit all of the email addresses that you use for the opt-out to work.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (
DAA
). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners, via the
DAA website
.
We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (
DAAC
). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners, via the
DAAC website
.
Finally, we also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising. You may opt-out via the
EDAA website
.
9. Data Retention
Back to top
Customer CRM Data:
The data retention period for Customer CRM Data is as follows:
If either Customer or NextRoll explicitly terminates the NextRoll Services in accordance with our Terms of Service, NextRoll will delete Customer CRM Data within 90 days from the termination date.
If a Customer’s account has been suspended for 90 days or more, the Customer CRM Data will be deleted.
When a Customer has not logged in to their NextRoll account in the past 365 days
and
there has been no product usage in the past 30 days
and
no media spend has occurred in the past 30 days, the Customer CRM Data will be deleted when the 366th day of no login activity occurs for the account.
Customers may request deletion of Customer CRM Data by visiting the privacy requests
webpage
.
Mobile Identifiers and Cookie Identifiers:
Cookies we set expire (and are then deleted) 13 months from the last time your device accessed a Digital Property using NextRoll Technology. If you visit another Digital Property that uses our technology inside that 13-month expiry period, then the expiry period will be reset and measured from that date instead. The expiration period for mobile identifiers is controlled by you on your device.
Personal Data Associated with Mobile and Cookie Identifiers Related to Browsing History:
We delete personal data associated with mobile and cookie identifiers after 12 months (for example, data such as a Customer’s website you visited or ads that you may have clicked).
Personal Data Associated with Advertising Bidding Requests:
Data logged in order to process an advertising bid request we have received from an Advertising Partner (such as a cookie identifier, IP address, the domain url requesting to display the ad, and browser information) are deleted after 7 days. Data we have logged regarding bids we have placed to display an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, mobile identifiers, the advertisement bid on and the advertisement won or displayed to the visitor) are deleted after 15 days.
Personal Data Associated with the Display of an Advertisement:
Data logged for the display of an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, the advertisement won or displayed to you and data indicating whether you clicked on the particular advertisement displayed) are deleted after 12 months.
Hashed Email Addresses:
Hashed email addresses collected from Customer site visitors are deleted 12 months from the last date the hashed email was collected.
10. Security
Back to top
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against other unlawful forms of processing. NextRoll has also completed the SOC2 Type 2 Audit (Security and Privacy) with no exceptions. This report is only available to Customers by a request to
support@nextroll.com
.
11. International Transfers
Back to top
We may transfer the data we collect about you to countries (including the United States of America) other than the country where we originally collected it for the purposes of performing our Services. In general, the transferring countries will be the countries in which we, our Customers, our Advertising Partners, or their service providers operate.
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country. However, when we transfer your data to other countries, we will protect that data as described in this Service Privacy Notice and take steps, where necessary, to ensure that international transfers comply with applicable laws.
For example, when we transfer your data from a European Territory (as defined below) to our parent company in the United States, we do so under the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses. These Standard Contractual Clauses are incorporated in the
NextRoll Data Protection Addendum
between NextRoll and each of our Customers where applicable. When we transfer your data outside of a European Territory to Advertising Partners (or vice versa), we do so under lawful data export mechanisms which may include Standard Contractual Clauses and Binding Corporate Rules.
12. Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Back to top
Our Legal Basis:
If you interact with our Services from the European Territories, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. For these purposes, "
European Territories
" means the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
We will normally process personal data about you based on consent (except where the purpose of processing is based on legitimate interest, as described in the “vendor” details of the Consent Management Tool presented to you while visiting Digital Properties from the European Territories). For example, when you visit a Customer’s Digital Property, you will be asked to consent to NextRoll dropping a cookie.
If you have questions about, or need further information concerning, the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please email
dpo@nextroll.com
.
European Residents’ Privacy Rights:
In addition, if you are a resident of a European Territory, you have the following data subject access rights under EU data protection law:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, please visit our
privacy requests webpage
to obtain a verifiable request form.
If you wish to object to us processing your personal data or would like to otherwise restrict the processing of your personal data, we will honor that request. Please visit the
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
portion of this Service Privacy Notice to select the best opt-out method for you.
Similarly, if we process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can also refuse consent for NextRoll or our Advertising Partners to drop cookies by visiting our
opt-out page
or by refusing consent for NextRoll (or changing your consent preferences) when you see a Consent Management Tool displayed on a Customer site which lists NextRoll as a vendor.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Territories are available from the
European Data Protection Board website
. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your personal data, we encourage you to contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
In some cases, we act as a processor for our Customers (for example, when we handle our Customers’ CRM data solely to provide them Services) and, in those cases, you should direct any requests to exercise your data protection rights to the relevant Customer. If you are uncertain whether we process your personal data as a controller or a processor in any specific context, you can contact us at
support@nextroll.com
and we will advise you accordingly.
13. Information For California Residents Only
Back to top
This section supplements the information contained in this Service Privacy Notice and applies solely to visitors, users and others who are residents of the State of California, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations. This section is provided to comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (
CPRA
), and regulations promulgated thereunder as each may be amended from time to time (collectively, the “
CCPA
”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section.
Information We Collect and the Purposes for Which this Information is Used
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“
personal information
”). This collection of information is listed in
What Data We Collect.
We set out below the CCPA categories of personal information we have collected from consumers within the last twelve (12) months in respect of our Services. Please note that personal information in certain categories may overlap with other categories.
A.
Identifiers
Yes
Device IP address, email address, cookie string data, pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails), operating system, and your device type, and mobile device's identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to any device by third parties and cross-referenced to recognize a device.
Directly and indirectly from consumers, third party data providers, ad exchanges, supply-side platforms and Audience Partners. In the case of business email addresses, RollWorks B2B Services may infer a business email address.
B.
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Yes
Name, business address, business telephone number, education, employment, employment history, household income.the perceived general education level of consumers may be collected for marketing, advertising and analytics.
Directly from third party data providers and Audience Partners.
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Yes
Limited to age ranges such as 35-44, 45-54, 55-64 and 65+ and male/female gender categories are sometimes collected for use for NextRoll Services that do not carry a risk of unintended discrimination.
Audience Partners.
D.
Commercial information
Yes
Records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Directly from consumers and Customers.
E.
Biometric information
No
-
-
F.
Internet or other similar network activity
Yes
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application or advertisement. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart, what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Directly from browsing history on Customers’ Digital Properties.
Non-personal information about one of our ads (e.g. the third party who served the ad, and the name of the ad) may be connected with browsing history or activity on our websites for the purposes of determining attribution information (e.g. whether particular ad led to a consumer visiting our website, and, if so, which particular ad campaign).
G.
Geolocation data
Yes
Non-precise geolocation derived from IP address.
Directly from consumers, ad exchanges, publishers and supply-side platforms and Audience Partners.
H.
Sensory data
No
-
-
I.
Professional or employment-related information
Yes
Current or past job history, including details about the employer (industry, name, company location, company domain or URL), and employee (positions held, duration of employment, and office location of the company where the employee worked).
Directly from third party data providers and Audience Partners.
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R Part 99))
No
-
-
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Yes
Creating profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests.
Directly from Audience Partners.
L.
Sensitive personal information
Yes
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Personal information that relates to the analysis of an individual's physical or mental health may be collected to the extent that the following constitute collection of sensitive personal information:
purchase or browsing history for over-the-counter medications or devices that inform targeted ad selection; and
browsing history and inquiry for services such as elective surgeries, allergy treatments, and health-education or support groups that inform targeted ad selection.
NextRoll does not create consumer profiles based on perceived interest or association with the categories of information related to health information (for example, NextRoll does not have consumer profiles for “allergies” or “ankle surgery,” etc.). NextRoll does not purchase consumer profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests related to health.The consumer-profile interests NextRoll permits for targeted advertising can be found
here
.
Directly from Customers and consumers.
Purposes for Which Personal Information is Collected
All data we collect is primarily for the commercial purpose of providing marketing, advertising (i.e., cross-context behavioral advertising) and analytical Services. However, as part of performing these Services, we also use data collected for the following additional business purposes:
Auditing Interactions with Consumers: to count ad impressions and verify the quality of ad impressions served to unique visitors identified by cookie id or other unique identifier;
Debugging and Repair:  the identification and repair of impairments to intended and existing functionalities in our Services and NextRoll Technology, perform debugging and related activities to repair errors that impair the functionality of our Services;
Security:  to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Internal Research and Development:  to conduct internal research for technological development of our Services and demonstration of the performance of these Services; and
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification:  to verify the quality or safety of our Services and improve, upgrade or enhance our Services and NextRoll Technology.
For more information on how we use this data, please refer to
How We Use the Data We Collect.
Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
NextRoll discloses personal data for business purposes as set out in
Purposes for which Personal Information is Collected
above. We disclose, or otherwise share as indicated below, the categories of personal information to the categories of third parties as set out in
Data Sharing
.
Sharing Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared, and/or sold, the following categories of personal information for the commercial purpose of providing cross-context behavioral advertising (known as retargeted or interest based advertising) services:
Category A (Identifiers). By serving ads on digital publisher sites such as news, blogs and weather sites we share and/or sell cookie string data and pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails) from Category A (identifiers) with Advertising Partners and Advertising Partners.
Category F (Internet or other similar network activity). NextRoll may share and/or sell browsing information (e.g., page views on a NextRoll customer site or ads served or clicked) to NextRoll customers about end users who have visited the customer’s site.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding (12) twelve months, we have sold the following categories of personal information:
Category A (Identifiers). Pursuant to our
RollWorks B2B Contact Data
Service, we have sold personal information in the form of business emails from Category A (Identifiers) to Customers.
NextRoll does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information visit our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information page
.
Furthermore, NextRoll processes interest based advertising opt-out preference signals via global privacy controls. To use this method, you must download and enable global privacy controls on a participating browser or browser extension.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the rights of California residents and provides information on how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
)
we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (otherwise known as a data portability request); and
Two separate lists where we have sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose:
Sales: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relations with you or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Correct
You have the right to request that a business correct inaccurate personal Information that is maintained about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal Information.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct (and direct our service providers to do the same) your personal information, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
To exercise the right to know, data portability and deletion rights described above, please submit the consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our
privacy requests webpage.
After submitting the request, a form will be sent to the requestor to verify the consumer request.
On the verification form, the requestor must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe the request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the request; and (ii) confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will deliver our written response to you electronically unless you indicate delivery to be by mail.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot complete a request, if applicable. Please note that personal information deleted during this period as set out in
Data Retention
will not be provided.
The format of our responses to you concerning personal information collected, disclosed or sold will be provided in a readily useable format that should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
CCPA Metrics
To view metrics regarding consumer requests to know, delete, and opt out, for the previous calendar year (January 1 - December 31) please visit our CCPA Metrics
webpage
.
Right to Limit Collection of Sensitive Personal Information
You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information by the business by visiting our
opt-out
page or
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information page
, or through the instructions provided in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
Right to Opt out of the Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
To exercise the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information you (or your authorized representative) may visit  the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
webpage.
Opt Out Preference Signals
If you are visiting a site with NextRoll’s Technology, you may opt-out of the sale or sharing of your data by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). If you do not have an account on the site you are browsing or if you are not logged into your account while browsing, your request to opt-out will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to NextRoll. Please also check for the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information or Privacy Choices link on the sites you visit.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Retaliate against an employee, applicant, or independent contractor’s right to exercise their CCPA rights.
14. Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Back to top
Exercising Your Consumer Rights.
Several US state privacy laws provide residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. Consumers in these states can exercise their rights via the methods described above under the headings:
Exercising Right to Know
;
Data Portability
; Right to Deletion; and Right to Correct. To appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, or to contact NextRoll, please view the
Contact Us About Questions section
.
The Sale of Personal Information and Processing for Targeted Advertising
For information on the sale of your personal information and how to opt out, see
Sales of Personal Information
. NextRoll processes personal information for targeted advertising. See
How We Use the Data We Collect
above. To opt out of targeted advertising, see
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
, or visit the “Privacy Choices” link in the footer of all NextRoll webpages:
15. Make a Privacy Request
Back to top
To exercise the right to know (access), data portability and deletion rights (right to be forgotten), please submit the consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our
privacy requests webpage
.
16. Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Back to top
Please view NextRoll’s disclosures pursuant to the Brazilian Data Protection Law, the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“
LGPD
”),
here
.
17. Changes to this Service Privacy Notice
Back to top
We may update or modify this Service Privacy Notice at our discretion at any time. When we make changes to this Service Privacy Notice we will post the updated notice online and update the notice’s effective date. Please review this Service Privacy Notice periodically.
If we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent to any material changes before they come into effect, then we will do so in accordance with law.
18. Contact Us About Questions
Back to top
If you have any questions about this Service Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, or want to appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, you can contact
support@nextroll.com
.
If you are located in a European Territory then, where we process your data as a data controller, NextRoll Limited is the data controller of your information. To contact NextRoll Limited please email
support@nextroll.com
or write to us at the following address:
NextRoll Limited
Attn: Legal
Floor 3, Block 3
Miesian Plaza
Dublin 2, Ireland
D02 Y754
If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the support team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
:
Lucid Privacy Group
NextRoll Data Protection Officer
1050 Page Street
San Francisco, CA 94117
USA
Website Privacy Notice
Effective as of April 3, 2023
View archived Privacy Policy
NextRoll, Inc. (formerly AdRoll, Inc.) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
we
,” “
our
” or “
us
”) is an independent marketing technology company that offers intelligent, data-driven advertising and marketing services and solutions to help big and small companies accelerate their growth (“
Services
”).
Please note that this Privacy Notice only applies to data that we collect when you visit a NextRoll website or a mobile application, including
connect.adroll.com
,
app.adroll.com
,
www.nextroll.com
,
www.adroll.com
,
pages.adroll.com
,
www.rollworks.com
,
pages.rollworks.com
,
https://blog.adrollgroup.com
,
help.adroll.com
,
tech.adroll.com
, or
developers.adroll.com
(each a "
Digital Property
"). To learn what data we collect when you visit the websites of our Advertisers, please visit the
NextRoll Service Privacy Notice
.
Table of Contents
About NextRoll's Services
What Data We Collect
How We Use the Data We Collect
Data Sharing
Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Cookies and Related Technologies
Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Data retention
Security
International Transfers
Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Information for California Residents Only
Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Contact Us About Questions
1. About NextRoll's Services
Back to top
NextRoll is a marketing technology company that helps big and small companies deliver products ambitious marketers use and rely on to grow their businesses. Powered by machine learning and integrated data platforms, NextRoll’s intelligent, data-driven marketing and advertising services and solutions go beyond serving digital ads by providing companies better visibility into which audiences are most interested in certain products and services.  By using NextRoll’s proprietary data and machine learning offerings (“NextRoll Technology,”), companies can better understand their customers, find new loyal customers and build lasting customer relationships through intelligence-driven marketing activities.
NextRoll has two different business divisions:
AdRoll
is an e-commerce marketing platform for companies that sell their products and services directly to consumers (called “Direct to Consumer” or “D2C” companies). The AdRoll platform makes it easy and affordable for D2C companies to deliver the cross-channel experiences consumers expect – enabling them to sell more to their existing consumers, and also to identify new consumers to introduce to their products and services. AdRoll does this by creating connected, personalized customer journeys that enable brands to reach new and existing customers through digital advertising, email marketing and onsite experiences, and helps companies understand the impact of their marketing efforts with advanced measurement and attribution;
RollWorks
offers an account-based platform for businesses who want to sell their products and services to other businesses (called “Business to Business” or “B2B” companies). Our RollWorks Services help B2B companies identify their target accounts and key buyers, reach those accounts across multiple channels and measure program effectiveness in their system-of-record.
The NextRoll websites are a collection of sites that we use to describe our Services to potential customers, to provide our Services to our Customers, and to support Customers and partners as they seek to identify, deploy and measure their marketing and advertising efforts with us over time.
For more information on the data collected through our Services, please see our
Service Privacy Notice
.
2. What Data We Collect
Back to top
We may collect the following categories of information on our Digital Properties and use them for the purposes explained below.
Data You Provide To Us
Contact Information:
You may provide us with your name, address, phone number and email when you set up an account with us and you may provide your name, title, company, email, address and/or phone number when you sign up for an event with us online or download content from our Digital Properties.
Account Information:
If you open an account, we will collect your username and password and other information necessary to open and access your account.
Customer Service Information:
Information you may provide to our customer service including your email address for purposes of responding to your inquiries and survey responses.
Financial Information:
Credit card number or other payment account information. This information is collected directly by our payments processor and not stored by NextRoll.
Hashed email addresses:
We collect hashed versions of the email addresses that you enter on our Digital Properties. Hashing is a technology process that pseudonymizes (i.e. digitally scrambles) email addresses. For instance, when joe_the_cat@nextroll.com is run through a typical hashing function, it becomes a string of digitsm such as: 0F0B7B1A1A7E8BDBBC6AA545F8CCD6F83671B32479271BFCB6CC8498912058D5. We take this step to de-identify data and protect email addresses. We use the hashed email  created for the purpose of recognizing you and sending your interest-based ads across different devices (computers, tablets and mobile devices) and browsers (also called “cross-device matching”). We describe cross-device matching in further detail in
How We Use the Data We Collect
.
Information about your business:
You may use the tools available on NextRoll’s Digital Properties to learn more about how NextRoll’s Services can help you grow your business.  If you are an existing Customer, we may use the information you provide about your business when using our online tools to add to your existing Customer profile with NextRoll.
Data We Automatically Collect From Your Device
Cookies:
A unique identifier that NextRoll assigns to you when visiting one of our sites so we can understand your online journey and have the opportunity to serve ads to you when you visit a publisher’s site.
Device Information:
This is technical information about the device you use to access our Digital Properties such as your operating system. Additionally, in the case of mobile devices, your device type, unique advertising identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to the mobile device, such as an Android ID or UDID in older Apple phone models, or a non-cookie unique identifier used by
Non-Cookie Technologies
.
IP Address:
The IP address associated with the device you are using when visiting a NextRoll Digital Property.
Location Data:
This is non-precise information related to your geography derived from your device’s IP address. This does not reveal your precise geographic coordinates (i.e. your GPS latitude and longitude) - only country, state, city and zip/postal code, and helps us to display ads that are relevant to your general location (for example, showing ads in French if you are located in France).
Browser Data:
This is technical information about the browser you are using that is captured in order to serve you an ad that can be rendered on your device (for example, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari).
Activity on our Digital Properties:
This is data about your browsing activity on our Digital Properties and your interactions with our other tools or dashboards. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page or whether you downloaded a white paper.
Ad Data:
This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. This includes, for example, how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
All this data is collected to help make sure you get the best and most relevant experience when engaging with NextRoll.
Data We Collect from Third Party Sources
Data from Audience Partners:
We may collect additional information about you from our audience partners who create and provide us with segments of our own customers (“Audience Partner”). A segment is a grouping of users who share one or more attributes (e.g. firmographic attributes).  We use this data to better understand our target audience and to better market our Services to you.
Data from Advertising Partners:
This is data that allows us to match the NextRoll cookie identifier with identifiers that may already be used by other companies in the digital advertising ecosystem that we work with (“Advertising Partners”). For example, we work with ad exchanges, publishers and supply side platforms (i.e. companies that sell advertising space on publishers’ websites) in order to serve our ads. Matching cookie identifiers helps us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices, and may include pseudonymous advertising identifiers (meaning identifiers that help identify your browser or device, but not you directly) which some Advertising Partners choose to share with us.
Contact Data from Third Parties:
We obtain and collect contact data from various third party sources, including from public sources and through licenses with data providers. This contact data is B2B information – in other words, it is typically a business email address, business street address, or sometimes, a business telephone number.
3. How We Use the Data We Collect
Back to top
Specifically, we use this data for:
Interest-Based Advertising:
Serving you ads for certain NextRoll Services that are more likely to be relevant to you based on your browsing activity, the time of day you visit our Digital Properties and the time you spend on them, and non-precise geographic data inferred about your device/s. For example, we may show you ads for our Service  only available in your city, region or country during your lunch or commute hours. For more information about how our Services work, please see our Service Privacy Notice.
Segmenting Audiences:
We use data from our Digital Properties you visit in addition to data from Audience Partners to segment you into groups (like high or low intent visitors) for reporting, analytics and determining what ads and email content would best peak your interest.
Ad delivery:
We use data about your browser or other technical information about your device in order to deliver advertising and confirm successful delivery of the ad.
Frequency Capping:
We use data about ads that have been served to you to make sure that you don't see the same NextRoll ad too many times.
Sequencing:
If you are being served a sequence of ads, we do this to make sure we show you the right ad next in the sequence.
Mapping Data to our Cross-Device Asset:
NextRoll cross-device asset is used to connect multiple devices to one person, household, and/or online identifiers such as an email address (hashed for security) that you may have submitted to NextRoll.  Our cross-device asset allows us to better understand your online activity and helps us improve our ability to target and measure ad campaigns (including limiting the number of times you or your household sees an ad for NextRoll Services).
Cross-Device Matching:
Identifying different devices and browsers that are likely to be associated with you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices, and so that campaign effectiveness can be measured and analyzed. For example, cross-device matching helps us not show you ads for the shoes you were looking at on your phone but already purchased on your tablet. Instead we’ll try to show you ads for an upcoming triathlon where you can put those shoes to work. It also helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we know are connected to the opted-out cookie. You may opt-out of cross-device interest-based targeting by employing the respective opt-out techniques we describe in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
. To learn more about how we use cross-device matching, click
here
.
Syncing Online Identifiers with Customer CRM Data:
If you have provided us with your email address, we may match your online browsing activity indicated by online identifiers.  We may use this information to see if you are showing increased interest in our products and services to better understand our website audience and to respond with appropriate marketing activity.
Identifying Companies Associated with an IP Range for B2B Marketing:
We match IP address ranges to companies who disclose their IP address ranges to analyze and report our website traffic.
Reporting and Attribution:
Analyzing how our ads are performing and gaining insights into our Customers and prospective customers. Reporting may include ad metrics such as attribution (described above), impressions (ads served), clicks (ads you clicked on) and conversions (for example, if you create an account with us or download a white paper from our site). This helps us identify ads that are most useful to you and demonstrates NextRoll’s value. Relatedly, this also helps us identify an ad that is not performing well, allowing us to update our ad or ad campaign strategy.
Providing our Services and Customer Support:
For example, to monitor usage of features, manage campaigns and log data for audit purposes. We may contact you when you ask us for support or when it appears to us that you might need support. We maintain records of our communications with you for future reference.
Billing:
Invoice you and collect fees for services we have provided.
Troubleshoot Problems:
To monitor and fix our website performance, for example, if the site is slow, not loading properly, or to investigate aberrations in performance of our Services.
Prevent Potential Fraud and Enforce our Terms of Service:
To prevent fraud on our sites or through the use of our Services,to enforce our Terms of Service or other policies or investigate any potential violation of those Terms and policies, any potential violation of the law, or to protect ourselves, our Customers or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
Customize, Measure and Improve our Websites and Services:
To provide customized content and to measure which content is most helpful (or unhelpful) to our Customers, which helps improve our website and our services. For example, if we notice higher visits to certain Help Center articles or receive higher customer support tickets for specific issues, we can improve our support materials or identify areas where we can make our product better for our Customers.
Contact You About Your Account or our Services, Including to Market our Services to You or Provide Updates:
We may use your contact information to contact you about your account, for example, in relation to the performance of your campaigns, to follow up on billing issues or to tell you about new Services we are offering. We may send you product updates, performance information, surveys or communicate with you in other ways about our services. When we can legally do so, we may augment the information you give us in order to contact you by phone or even snail mail. You can opt-out of receiving emails by unsubscribing through the link at the bottom of our emails or by updating your email preferences
here
. You can let us know if you don’t want to receive phone calls or other marketing materials from us by contacting
support@nextroll.com
.
Conducting Our Corporate Operations.
Data collected in our corporate capacity, such as our own B2B lists of Customers and prospective customers, is used to conduct our business operations and send communications.
Complying with Legal Process:
To satisfy in good faith any applicable law, legal process or proper governmental request, such as to respond to a subpoena (whether civil or criminal) or similar process.
Investigating Wrongdoing and Protecting Ourselves or Third Parties:
To enforce or investigate any potential violation of our Terms of Service and policies, any potential violation of the law and to protect ourselves, our Customers, or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
4. Data Sharing
Back to top
We may disclose data about you:
With our Audience Partners:
We share hashed email addresses or other pseudonymous online identifiers with our Audience Partners in connection with audience creation and modeling and creating segments.
With our Advertising Partners:
We disclose cookie ID data and the ad we propose to serve to you with our Advertising Partners, as necessary, to allow for successful delivery of ads to your device.
With our Service Providers:
We contract with companies who help with parts of our business operations (e.g., website and data hosting, fraud prevention, viewability reporting, data hygiene, marketing and email delivery), as well as billing, collections, tech, customer and operational support.
With our Subsidiaries and Affiliates:
These entities will only process your data for the purposes already explained in this Website Privacy Notice. Our subsidiaries are NextRoll Limited (Ireland), AdRoll Limited (UK) and NextRoll Pty Limited (Australia).
In connection with legal proceedings:
When we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example to comply with a binding order of a court, or where disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend the legal rights of NextRoll, our Customers or any other third party.
In connection with a sale of our business:
If a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets, we may disclose your information in connection with the sale (including during due diligence in preparation for the sale).
5. Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Back to top
NextRoll may aggregate and de-identify data it collects so that it can either no longer be directly associated with a natural person or cannot be associated with a natural person at all.  NextRoll will then use such data for our machine learning, reporting, and other business purposes.
We may also share aggregated and de-identified data with our subsidiaries and affiliates and third parties, including with our Advertising Partners. For example, we may conduct industry wide surveys to publish benchmark reports, or to include statistics when collaborating with researchers or other companies on industry white papers.
6. Cookies and Related Technologies
Back to top
Our websites use cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to operate and personalize our sites.  For example, to provide personalized content on our site, enable customer service chat functionality, for analytics purposes, and to target ads to you about our products and services on other websites.
We also use cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide our services for our Customers. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device.  You can refuse consent to, or opt-out of, NextRoll cookies at any time, as explained in
Your Choices and Opting-out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
below.
Tracking cookies
enable us to identify your device when you move between different Digital Properties, so that we can serve targeted advertising to you.
The NextRoll cookie we serve through the NextRoll platform for this purpose is named “__adroll,” “__ar_v4” and “__adroll_fpc”.
Our Advertising Partners may also drop cookies for the purposes described in
What Data We Collect
. Generally, the type of cookies dropped will vary depending on the Advertising Partner. We provide a list of our Advertising Pixel Partners
here
.
Additionally, we use
non-tracking cookies
to store user decisions in terms of your ad consent and opt-out choices:
We may drop an __adroll cookie with value opt-out if you opt-out as described below.
We may drop a __consent cookie that stores the consent choices you have made regarding data processing and advertising by NextRoll.
A full list of NextRoll cookies is set out below:
Tracking cookies
Non-tracking cookies
__adroll
__ar_v4
__adroll_fpc
__adroll_consent_paramas
__adroll_post_consent_html
__adroll_post_connsent_css
7. Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Back to top
In respect of website visitors with IP addresses
not from a European Territory
, NextRoll and some of our Advertising Partners may use technologies other than cookie technology to recognize your computer, device or browser for the purpose of interest-based advertising, analyzing engagement with ads or content, measuring the effectiveness of a particular ad campaign or marketing effort, monitoring against fraud or misuse of our Services, or in other ways described in this Website Privacy Notice in
How We Use the Data We Collect
. This use of non-cookie technology may be used in addition to cookies, or separately, to collect and record data about your web browsing activities on browsers, search engines or other platforms that may not utilize NextRoll Technology. You may opt-out of tracking via non-cookie technologies by employing the respective opt-out techniques described in
Your Choices and Opting- Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
8. Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Back to top
You can control how you share your data with NextRoll, including electing to “opt-out” of interest-based advertising altogether. Please visit our
opt-out webpage
to opt out.
Generally speaking, an opt-out allows you to direct NextRoll not to engage in a particular type of data collection.  There are many different ways that NextRoll collects data, different purposes for that data collection and different industry-specific and NextRoll-specific tools for opting-out.  We describe below the different options for controlling how NextRoll uses your data:
Web browser:
You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon
that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking
here
. Please note that this opt-out function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt-out cookie.” This means if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Cross Device Opt-Out:
As described above, How We Use the Data We Collect, we may link multiple browsers or devices to the cookie ID, hashed email address or other unique identifiers associated with you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have more browsers or devices linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to the other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in some conditions, there could be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out:
To opt-out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications see the following instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher:
Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher:
Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt-out of interest-based advertising.”
Industry Opt-Out Tools and Self-Regulation:
NextRoll is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt-out tool
here
, which will allow you to opt-out of seeing personalized ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies. In addition, the NAI opt-out tool allows you to separately opt-out of “audience matched” advertising through the NAI’s “Audience Matched Advertising Opt-Out” tool. You can also use the
email opt-out tool
provided by our Advertising Partner, LiveRamp, to opt your email address from their database. Audience matching is a particular type of interest-based advertising where de-identified data (e.g. hashed emails) is tied to “offline” activity or information (generally, information that is or can be associated with a consumer’s email address) and matches that de-identified data to cookies, mobile ad IDs or other online identifiers. We describe this hashing activity in detail in
What Data We Collect
. Because this “audience matched” information is derived from an email address or information that can be tied to an email address, it is possible to opt-out with an email address. However, when you opt-out in this way, you will need to submit all of the email addresses that you use for the opt-out to work.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the
DAA website
.
We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the
DAAC website
.
Finally, we also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising. You may opt-out via the
EDAA website
.
You can also request that we stop email marketing to you. You can use the “unsubscribe link” in our marketing emails or contact
support@nextroll.com
.
9. Data retention
Back to top
We retain data for as long as necessary to perform our Services and for the purposes described in this Website Privacy Notice. For example, we may retain:
billing information as necessary to meet audit requirements;
login information to confirm when Customers accepted our Terms of Service; and
information as long as necessary to meet legal requirements, resolve disputes or enforce agreements.
We retain cookie data such as device and browser information, ad data and data collected on our Digital Properties as follows:
Mobile Identifiers and Cookie Identifiers:
Cookie identifiers we collect expire (and are then deleted) 13 months from the last time your device accessed a Digital Property using our technology. If you visit another Digital Property that uses NextRoll Technology inside that 13-month expiry period, then the expiry period will be reset and measured from that date instead. The expiration period for mobile identifiers is controlled by you on your device.
Personal Data Associated with Mobile and Cookie Identifiers Related to Browsing History:
We delete personal data associated with mobile and cookie identifiers after 12 months (for example, data such as a NextRoll Digital Property you visited or NextRoll ads that you may have clicked).
Personal Data Associated with Advertising Bidding Requests:
Data logged in order to process an advertising bid request we have received from an Advertising Partner (such as cookie identifier, IP address, the domain url requesting to display the ad and browser information) are deleted after 7 days. Data we have logged regarding bids we have placed to display an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, mobile identifiers, the advertisable bid on and the advertisable won or displayed to the visitor) are deleted after 15 days.
Personal Data Associated with the Display of an Advertisement:
Data logged for the display of an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, the advertisement won or displayed to you and data indicating whether you clicked on the particular advertisement displayed) are deleted after 12 months.
10. Security
Back to top
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against other unlawful forms of processing.
11. International Transfers
Back to top
We may transfer the information we collect about you to countries (including the United States of America) other than the country where we originally collected it for the purposes of performing  our Services. In general, these countries will be the countries in which we or our service providers operate.
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country. However, when we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Website Privacy Notice and take steps, where necessary, to ensure that international transfers comply with applicable laws.
For example, when we transfer your information from a European Territory (as defined below) to our parent company in the United States, we do so under the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses. When we transfer your data outside of a European Territory to Advertising Partners (or vice versa), we do so under lawful data export mechanisms which may include Standard Contractual Clauses and Binding Corporate Rules.
12. Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Back to top
Our Legal Basis:
If you are a visitor from the European Territories, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. "European Territories" mean the European Economic Area and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Website Privacy Notice, the term "European Territories" shall continue to include the United Kingdom.
We will typically collect personal data from you based on your consent. For example, when you visit one of our Digital Properties, you will be asked to consent to NextRoll dropping a cookie. We also collect personal data where the purpose of processing is based on NextRoll’s legitimate interest, as described in the “vendor” details of the Consent Management Tool presented to you . For example, to administer our platforms and provide our Services and fulfil our contractual obligations as a service provider.
If you have questions or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
European Residents Privacy Rights:
If you are a resident of a European Territory, you have the following enhanced rights under EU data protection law:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information, please complete the information on this
webpage
to obtain a verifiable request.
If you wish to
object
to us processing your personal data or would like to otherwise restrict the processing of your personal data, we will honor that request. Please visit the
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
portion of this Privacy Notice to select the best opt-out method for you.
Similarly, if we process your personal data with your consent,
then you can withdraw your consent at any time
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can also refuse consent for NextRoll or our Advertising Partners to drop cookies by visiting our
opt-out page
or by refusing consent for NextRoll when you see a Consent Management Tool displayed on websites which lists NextRoll as a vendor.
You have the
right to complain
to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Territories are available from the European Data Protection Board
website
. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your personal data, we encourage you to contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
13. Information For California Residents Only
Back to top
This section supplements the information contained in this Website Privacy Notice and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations. This section is provided to comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA), and regulations promulgated thereunder as each may be amended from time to time (collectively the “CCPA”).
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section.
For the purposes of this section “
Services
” shall mean performing advertising and marketing services for NextRoll’s purposes as well as maintaining or servicing NextRoll Customer accounts, providing Customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying Customer information and processing payments.
Information We Collect and the Purposes for Which this Information is Used
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“
personal information
”).  This collection of information is listed in
What Data We Collect
.
We set out below the CCPA categories of personal information we have collected from consumers within the last twelve (12) months who are NextRoll Customers and/or visitors of the NextRoll’s Digital Properties. Personal information in certain categories may overlap with other categories.
A.
Identifiers
Yes
Device IP address, email address, cookie string data, pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails), operating system, and your device type, and mobile device's identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to any device by third parties and cross-referenced to recognize a device.
Directly and indirectly from consumers, third party data providers, ad exchanges, supply-side platforms and Audience Partners. In the case of business email addresses, RollWorks B2B Services may infer a business email address.
B.
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Yes
Name, business address, business telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit card number or other payment account information.
Directly from consumers and Audience Partners.
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
No
-
-
D.
Commercial information
Yes
Records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Directly from consumers.
E.
Biometric information
No
-
-
F.
Internet or other similar network activity
Yes
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart, what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Directly from browsing history on our Digital Properties.
Non-personal information about one of our ads (e.g. the third party who served the ad, and the name of the ad) may be connected with browsing history or activity on our websites for the purposes of determining attribution information (e.g. whether particular ad led to a consumer visiting our website, and, if so, which particular ad campaign).
G.
Geolocation data
Yes
Non-precise geolocation derived from IP address.
Directly from consumers, ad exchanges, publishers and supply-side platforms and Audience Partners.
H.
Sensory data
No
-
-
I.
Professional or employment-related information
Yes
Current or past job history, including details about the employer (industry, name, company location, company domain or URL), and employee (positions held, duration of employment, and office location of the company where the employee worked).
Third party data providers and AudiencePartners.
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R Part 99))
No
-
-
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Yes
Creating profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests.
Audience partners.
L.
Sensitive Personal Information
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Customers
Purposes for Which Personal Information is Collected
All data we collect pursuant to this Website Privacy Notice is primarily for the commercial purpose of performing advertising and marketing services for our own purposes as well as maintaining or servicing our Customer accounts, providing Customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information and processing payments. We also use data collected for the following additional business purposes:
Auditing Interactions with Consumers:
count ad impressions and verify the quality of ad impressions served to unique visitors identified by cookie IDor other unique identifier;
Debugging and Repair:
the identification and repair of impairments to intended and existing functionalities in our Services and NextRoll Technology, perform debugging and related activities to repair errors that impair the functionality of our Services;
Security:
to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Internal Research and Development:
conduct internal research for technological development of our Services and demonstration of the performance of these Services; and
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification:
verify the quality or safety of our Services and improve, upgrade or enhance our Services and NextRoll Technology.
For more information on how we use this data, please refer to
How We Use the Data We Collect
.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
NextRoll discloses personal data for business purposes as set out in Purposes for which Personal Information is Collected above. We disclose, or otherwise share as indicated below, the categories of personal information to the categories of third parties as set out in
Data Sharing
.
Sharing and Selling Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared and/or sold the following categories of personal information for the commercial purpose of  of providing cross-context behavioral advertising (known as retargeted or interest based advertising) services:
Category A (Identifiers). By serving ads on digital publisher sites such as news, blogs and weather sites we share and/or sell cookie string data and pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails) from Category A (identifiers) with Advertising Partners and Advertising Partners.
NextRoll does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, visit our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Furthermore, NextRoll processes interest based advertising opt-out preference signals via global privacy controls. To use this method, you must download and enable global privacy controls on a participating browser or browser extension.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the rights of California residents under CCPA and provides information on how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (otherwise known as a data portability request); and
Two separate lists where we have sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose:
Sales: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability and Right to Correct
), we will delete (and direct our services providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relations with you or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Correct
You have the right to request that a business correct inaccurate personal Information that is maintains about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal Information.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct (and direct our service providers to do the same) your personal information, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit the consumer request to us by either.
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our privacy requests
webpage
.
After submitting the request, a form will be sent to the requestor to verify the consumer request.
On the verification from, the requestor must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the request; and (ii) confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will deliver our written response to you electronically unless you indicate delivery to be by mail.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot complete a request, if applicable. Please note that personal information deleted during this period as set out in
Data Retention
will not be provided.
The format of our responses to you concerning personal information collected, disclosed or sold will be provided in a readily usable format that should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Right to Opt out of the Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
To exercise the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information you (or your authorized representative) may visit the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
webpage.
Opt Out Preference Signals
If you are visiting a NextRoll Digital Property, you may opt-out of the sale or sharing of your data by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). If you do not have an account on the site you are browsing or if you are not logged into your account while browsing, your request to opt-out will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to NextRoll. If you would like us to make the connection between your browser and your account when you send the opt out request or GPC signal, and you have not yet opted out, you can do so here.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights
To exercise the right to opt-out of interest-based advertising, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
webpage.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
14. Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Back to top
Exercising Your Consumer Rights.
Several US state privacy laws provide residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. Consumers in these states can exercise their rights via the methods described above under the headings:in Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability; Right to Deletion; and Right to Correct. To appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, or to contact NextRoll, please view the Contact Us About Questions section.
The Sale of Personal Information and Processing for Targeted Advertising
For information on the sale of your personal information and how to opt out, see
Sales of Personal Information
. NextRoll processes personal information for targeted advertising. See
How We Use the Data We Collect
above. To opt out of targeted advertising, see
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
, or visit the “Privacy Choices” link in the footer of all NextRoll webpages:
15. Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Back to top
Please view NextRoll’s disclosures pursuant to the Brazilian Data Protection Law, the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”),
here
.
16. Changes to this Privacy Notice
Back to top
We may update or modify this Website Privacy Notice at our discretion at any time. When we make changes to this Website Privacy Notice, we will post the updated notice online and update the notice’s effective date. Please review this Website Privacy Notice periodically.
If we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent to any material changes before they come into effect, then we will do so in accordance with law.
17. Contact Us About Questions
Back to top
If you have any questions about this Service Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, or want to appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, you can contact support@nextroll.com.
If you are located in a European Territory then, where we process your data as a data controller, NextRoll Limited is the data controller of your information. To contact NextRoll Limited please email support@nextroll.com or write to us at the following address:
NextRoll Limited
Attn: Legal
Floor 3, Block 3
Miesian Plaza
Dublin 2, Ireland
D02 Y754
If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the support team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
or by writing to the following address:
Address:
Lucid Privacy Group
Attention: NextRoll Data Protection Officer
1050 Page Street
San Francisco, CA 94117
USA
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 5
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Sub-policy 6
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.
js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 8
https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy:
Legal
/
Privacy Policy...
Privacy Policy
For individuals interested in learning more about how we handle personal data related to job applications and recruitment, please
refer to our Candidate Privacy Policy for detailed information on our privacy practices
.
Last Updated:
February 27, 2025
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART I. GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1 OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
1.2 INTRODUCTION TO BRAZE
1.3 SCOPE OF THIS POLICY
PART II. DATA COLLECTION AND USE
2.1 DATA COLLECTION
2.2 PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
2.3 DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
PART III. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS, SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
3.1 PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA IN THE U.S. AND ELSEWHERE
3.2 SECURITY
3.3 DATA RETENTION
PART IV. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
4.1 EXERCISING YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
4.2 PRIVACY RIGHTS AND BRAZE CUSTOMERS
4.3 MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
4.4 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
4.5 CHAT TECHNOLOGIES
PART V. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
PART VI. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
6.1 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
6.2 CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT AND THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM THE DATA MAY BE DISCLOSED
6.3 THE SALE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
6.4 SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DE-IDENTIFIED DATA
PART VII. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR JAPANESE VISITORS
7.1 PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURE
7.2 BRAZE JAPAN’S INFORMATION
PART VIII. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
8.1 CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
8.2 CHILDREN
8.3 HOW TO CONTACT US
PART I. GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1 OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our highest priorities. This Privacy Policy provides you with a description of how we collect and use data relating to or identifying individuals (“
Personal Data
”). We also provide information on privacy rights, how to exercise these rights and how to contact us with any questions.
1.2 INTRODUCTION TO BRAZE
Braze is a U.S. company, headquartered in New York, with global operations. A reference to “
Braze
,” “
we
,” “
us
” or the “
Company
” is a reference to Braze, Inc. and the relevant affiliate(s) involved in the processing activity.
Braze is a life-cycle engagement platform for companies around the world, supporting stronger relationships between brands and their clients, primarily by leveraging first party data to personalize and automate life-cycle marketing campaigns through first party channels, such as email, SMS, mobile and web push notifications, and in-app/in-browser messaging.
More information about Braze can be found on our
main website
. For details specific to our services in Japan, please visit the
Braze Japan website
.
1.3 SCOPE OF THIS POLICY
What is in Scope?
This Privacy Policy applies to Braze, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data for our marketing or business purposes (further details below) and in such capacity, we will use the term “Data Controller”.
What is not in Scope?
Our Websites and Services are intended to be used by businesses and their representatives. We do not offer any products or services to individuals for personal, family or household use. All Personal Data that we process is treated as belonging to individuals in a business capacity.
Braze’s privacy commitments to its customers, where we process Personal Data on behalf of our customers, are outlined in Braze’s agreements with such customers. In our capacity as a processor of our customers’ data, we will refer to ourselves as a “Data Processor.” Specifically, in that capacity, Braze processes Personal Data of people who interact with customer applications or websites that are offered by our customers and that have incorporated Braze technology (“
Customer Applications
”). The protections that apply to such Personal Data will be described in the individual privacy policies of those customers, and not in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to learn more about the privacy and data security practices of those customers, you should reach out to them directly. For clarity, this Privacy Policy does not cover any Personal Data that our customers choose to collect and share with Braze, where Braze is not the Data Controller, but is instead a Data Processor.
Individuals who are interested in, apply for, or are recruited for a job with Braze can find our related privacy practices described in our Candidate's Privacy Policy. For more details, please
view our Candidate Privacy Policy
.
Additionally, our Websites or Services (as defined below) may contain links to other websites, applications and services maintained by third parties. The privacy and data security practices of such third-party sites and/or services are governed by the privacy statements of those third parties, and not by this Privacy Policy.
PART II. DATA COLLECTION AND USE
2.1 DATA COLLECTION
The Personal Data that Braze collects will be determined by your interaction with Braze, our partners, Braze publications and other sources.
How and where do we collect data?
Braze collects Personal Data from prospects, customers, participants at our trainings, certifications and events, business partners and vendors (if they are natural persons), their respective employees, advisors, and/or consultants, along with the data of whomever our customers have authorized to use free and paid versions of the Braze services (the “
Services
”) on their behalf (collectively, “
Individuals
”), who:
Visit our websites (the “
Websites
”);
Visit our offices;
Receive/send communications from/to us, including via mail, email, phone call, Slack, chat features of our Websites, support tickets or texts;
Use our Services as an authorized user (for example, an employee of one of our customers who has been given a log-in to access our Services) (
"Dashboard User"
);
Register for, attend and/or otherwise take part in our events, webinars, contests, trainings and certification courses;
Download or otherwise engage with Braze content and publications, such as viewing our videos, reading content on our Websites, or interacting with our chat bot;
Submit requests for an action, support or information;
Participate in meetings or events;
Engage with our resellers or partners;
Work at partners or suppliers of Braze and interact with our company in the course of doing business or contemplating doing business with us; or
Otherwise directly interact with Braze.
Braze collects Personal Data from a variety of sources, such as from:
The Individual who is the subject of such Personal Data, including in their use of the Websites and the Services;
Publicly available sources, such as an individual’s social media account, online communities, forums, blogs or chat rooms;
Our business partners;
Vendors; and
Braze affiliates.
What type of data do we collect?
Personal Data that we may collect includes, but is not limited to:
Name and job title;
Contact information such as email address, business phone number, and business address;
Industry;
Employer;
Marketing subscription status;
Audio and video recordings and notes from meetings;
Event attendance and preferences associated with in-person event attendance, such as dietary requirements;
Trainings and certifications;
Downloads or engagement with Braze reports and other publications;
Communications that we exchange with you, including when you contact us with questions or feedback, through the support portal, email, calls to our support team, our chat features, social media, survey participation, or otherwise;
Certain information in connection with the use of the Websites by visitors and the Services by Dashboard Users, and information about your interaction with other relevant third-party pages displaying Braze content, which may include:
Device Data: information may include IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and operating system and system configuration information; and
Usage Data: information, such as activity on the Websites and Services, the pages and files viewed, actions taken, conversations through our chat features, searches, account configuration information and date/time stamps associated with your usage.
Some of the information described above is collected through our Websites and our Services using logs, cookies and/or other tracking technologies. To read more about the cookies and tracking technologies we use, please visit our
Cookie Policy
. You are able to
manage your cookie consent preferences
.
We also use session replay technology provided by third-party vendors to record the interactions and Personal Data of Dashboard Users and visitors to certain Websites, such as our learning management system. We and such third-party vendors may use information from these recordings, which may include the Usage Data detailed above. Personal Data within these recordings may be processed for the purposes outlined in Section 2.2 of this Privacy Policy. Such recordings do not include Personal Data for which Braze is a Data Processor.
2.2 PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
Braze collects Personal Data for several purposes, including:
Enabling us to understand and engage with those who are interested in learning about our products, services, content, and company-related initiatives;
Promoting the security of our Websites and Services by tracking use of our Websites and Services, enforcing our terms and policies, investigating and preventing fraudulent, suspicious or illegal activities, and preventing unauthorized access to the Services;
Providing, operating, and maintaining the Services including billing and account management purposes;
Responding to requests for action, support or information;
Complying with our contractual obligation to provide technical and customer success support;
Registering office visitors to maintain the security of our offices and to ensure the confidentiality of our business activities;
Analyzing our customers' use of the Services and Websites for trend monitoring, marketing, advertising, business development, for improvements, for security purposes and to ensure continued proper functioning;
Marketing purposes;
To send marketing communications about us and our affiliates and partners, including information about our products, promotions or events via email and other channels;
To facilitate targeted advertising campaigns;
To send marketing communications about us and our affiliates and partners, including information about our products, promotions or events via email and other channels;
For internal training and research;
Sending messages to Dashboard Users about technical alerts, updates, security notifications, and educational, administrative or transactional communications; and
Complying and assisting with legal obligations, judicial proceedings, court orders and legal processes, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, responding to lawful requests and pursuing internal investigations.
Where we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to comply with our legal obligations or perform our contract with you.
If you provide us with Personal Data relating to another person, you confirm that you have informed them of our identity, the purposes (as set out above) for which their Personal Data will be used, and that you have obtained their consent prior to sharing their Personal Data with us.
2.3 DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose Personal Data to the following types of third parties and for the following purposes:
Braze Affiliates -
We may disclose Personal Data to Braze corporate group affiliates in connection with customer or technical support, marketing, business development, operations, account management, events or webinars, for general business purposes, in order to protect, exercise, establish or defend legal rights, where we are legally required to do so and to receive professional advice.
Partners -
If you use our Websites to register for an event or webinar organized by one of our partners, we may disclose your Personal Data to these partners to process your registration and manage your participation in the event. In such instances, our partner will process the relevant Personal Data as a separate controller and the partner’s use and control over your Personal Data will be governed by their privacy policy. We may also disclose your Personal Data to technology and solutions partners in connection with customer or technical support, marketing, business development and account management.
Vendors –
We may disclose Personal Data to third party vendors and service providers for general business purposes and to support our internal operations, including IT solutions vendors, marketing vendors, advertising vendors, consultants, professional advisers acting as processors or controllers, including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers. We may also disclose Personal Data where we believe it necessary in order to protect or exercise, establish or defend our legal rights.
Shared Communities -
Any Personal Data or other information you choose to submit in communities, forums, blogs or chat rooms on our Websites may be read, collected and used by others who visit these forums, depending on your account settings.
Law Enforcement -
We may disclose Personal Data to a third party where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including government authorities, law enforcement and others.
Corporate Transaction Participants -
We may transfer Personal Data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
PART III. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS, SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
3.1 PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA IN THE U.S. AND ELSEWHERE
Braze, Inc. is located in the United States ("
U.S.
") and our group companies operate in Singapore, Germany, Japan, Canada, France, Australia, Indonesia, the United Kingdom ("
UK
"), Ireland, Romania, Brazil, South Korea and the United Arab Emirates. Braze works with vendors and partners who operate predominantly in these countries. From time to time, we may work with vendors and partners in other parts of the world where we do business. This means that when we collect your Personal Data, we may process it in any of these countries. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective), but we have in place appropriate safeguards and international transfer mechanisms (e.g., the Data Privacy Framework or the EU Standard Contractual Clauses). We also implement a number of supplementary measures designed to better protect the Personal Data with which we are entrusted.
Where available, Braze, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Framework”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data transferred from the European Union, the UK, and Switzerland, as applicable, to the US in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework. For more details, please
read our Data Privacy Framework Notice
.
For non-US transfers, Braze may rely on an alternative transfer mechanism, including the 2021 EU Standard Contractual Clauses, to transfer Personal Data from the UK and European Economic Area ("
EEA
") to other third-party countries.
3.2 SECURITY
We use a number of technical, organizational and administrative security measures designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of information. However, security risk is inherent in internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data.
3.3 DATA RETENTION
We will retain Personal Data we collect from you for so long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (in connection with the purposes set out in Part II above). We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the purpose for which we process the Personal Data, the amount, nature and sensitivity of your Personal Data processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, as well as on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
PART IV. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
4.1 EXERCISING YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You may have the right under applicable law to request that we take certain actions in connection with Personal Data that we may have about you. Not all jurisdictions grant privacy rights, so whether or not you have any such rights, and the nature of those rights, if any, are determined by multiple factors, including your location, country, state, or place of residence. Privacy rights may include the following:
Information:
You may be able to request information about the categories of Personal Data we collect, the categories of sources from which we collect it, the purposes for which we process it, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose it.
Access:
You may be able to request access to the Personal Data we hold about you.
Rectification/correction
: You may be able to request modification or correction of your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Erasure/deletion:
You may be able to request that we delete Personal Data we hold about you.
Restriction:
You may be able to request that we restrict use of your Personal Data.
Objection:
You may be able to object to the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing or where our legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest.
Portability:
You may be able to request a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, to allow you to transfer your data to another provider.
Automated Decision Making:
You may be able to request not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, where it produces a legal or similar effect.
If you wish to exercise any of these requests, please
fill out the form provided
. We will respond to requests from individuals wishing to exercise data protection rights applicable to them. For certain rights, such as where you request access to Personal Data, we will need to confirm your identity. To verify your identity, we will require you to provide ID, where permitted or required by applicable law. You also have the right to exercise your applicable privacy rights free from discriminatory treatment and retaliation as prohibited by applicable law. These rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline or partially decline your request as permitted by law.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. If you have a question about your privacy rights, please email us at
privacy@braze.com
.
4.2 PRIVACY RIGHTS AND BRAZE CUSTOMERS
Braze customers may collect Personal Data through their websites or applications and send that data to the Braze Services. Where you wish to enforce any of your rights in respect of such data, we encourage you to contact the customer who provides you with the Customer Application, as this will be the quickest way to have your request processed. Where you submit a request about a Braze customer and you are able to identify the customer, we forward your request to the customer to handle.
4.3 MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
At any time, you have the right to opt-out of marketing communications that we send, or object to the use of your personal data for behavioral advertising. You can exercise these rights by
visiting the Braze Preference Center
for managing your communication preferences, or by using the contact details provided under the '
How to Contact Us
' heading below. Dashboard Users of the Services may exercise this right through preference center options available within the Services. Where applicable, you may also opt-out through unsubscribe options available within the marketing communication itself.
Please note that opting-out of the receipt of marketing communications or objecting to the use of your personal data for behavioral advertising does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about event registrations, service announcements or security information.
4.4 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
You can manage your cookie preferences by
visiting our Cookie Consent Manager to customize your cookie settings
. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for further information on cookies and other tracking technologies.
4.5 CHAT TECHNOLOGIES
We use chat technologies provided by third-party vendors that employ cookies and software code to operate the chat features you can use to communicate with us through our Websites. We and such third-party vendors may monitor, record and use information from your interactions with our Websites. This information includes details you have shared through online chats, data on sections of the Website you have visited, your IP address and your general geographic information (e.g., city, state). This Personal Data may be processed for the purposes outlined in Section 2.2 of this Privacy Policy.
PART V. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
If you are from a region that requires us to have a legal basis for processing your Personal Data, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
PART VI. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, this section applies to you in addition to the rest of the Privacy Policy. It provides more detail on how we collect, use and disclose Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this Part VI, Personal Information has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“
CCPA
”). However, this Part VI does not apply:
To information exempted from the scope of the CCPA;
To Personal Information we collect, use, and disclose on behalf of our customers as a "service provider" under the CCPA for purposes of providing our Services to them.
6.1 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As a California resident, you have information, access, rectification/correction, erasure/deletion, and non-discrimination rights as described in Part IV (Your Privacy Rights). In addition, you have the right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information as those terms are defined by the CCPA.
If you have appointed an authorized agent to act on your behalf, your authorized agent may request to exercise these rights on your behalf upon our verification of the agent’s identity and our receipt of a copy of a valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to applicable California law. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, we may ask you and/or your agent to take additional steps permitted by law to verify that your request is authorized, such as information required to verify your identity and that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
6.2 CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT AND THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM THE DATA MAY BE DISCLOSED
The following chart describes our practices currently in use and in use during the past 12 months. This chart summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the statutory categories specified in the CCPA, and the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose it for a business purpose. These third parties are defined in Section 2.3 (Disclosure of Information to Third Parties). Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms or via email, may contain other categories of Personal Information not described below. The business/commercial purposes for which we use these categories of Personal Information listed in the below table are described above in Section 2.2 (Purposes of Processing). Our relevant data retention practices are addressed in Section 3.3 (Data Retention).
6.3 THE SALE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Like many companies, Braze uses services that employ cookies and other technologies to collect Personal Information (including the identifiers and internet activity information described in the table above) about your use of our Websites and other online services over time, which helps us to deliver behavioral advertising. In addition, we may provide your contact details to our advertising vendors for the placement of targeted ads. Braze may share contact details of business contacts with our technology or solutions partners during any sales negotiations. Our use of some of these services constitutes the “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information as defined under the CCPA.
You may opt-out of such sales or sharing by clicking on the 'Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information'
link
in the footer of our Websites and following the instructions therein. You can also opt-out of advertising cookies by
visiting our Cookie Consent Manager to adjust your cookie preferences
, or by enabling
Global Privacy Control
(“GPC”) in your web browser or browser extension, which we recognize to the extent required by applicable law. Enabling GPC will automatically set your cookie settings to opt out of the sharing of Personal Information for behavioral advertising. If you choose to use GPC, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use. Other than GPC, we do not recognize any “do not track” signals.
Dashboard Users of the Services can also opt-out of the selling or sharing of contact details through setting preference center options available within the Services.
While our Website and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, we are required to inform you that we have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared the Personal Information of California residents under 16 years of age.
6.4 SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DE-IDENTIFIED DATA
Braze does not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) for restricted purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA.
We do not to attempt to re-identify de-identified information that we derive from Personal Information, except for the purpose of testing whether our deidentification processes comply with applicable law.
PART VII. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR JAPANESE VISITORS
7.1 PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURE
Braze K.K. (“
Braze Japan
”) may disclose your Personal Data to Braze group affiliates and other third parties for the purposes described in Section 2.3 (Disclosure of Information to Third Parties). A list of the Braze office locations may be found on our
Website
. The categories or items of the Personal Data that Braze Japan may disclose to a third party are the same as those described in Section 2.1 (Data Collection). When Braze Japan discloses your Personal Data to entrusted third parties, Braze Japan shall be the entity that is responsible for processing and managing your Personal Data.
7.2 BRAZE JAPAN’S INFORMATION
Braze Japan’s official name, address, and the name of the representative director can be found
on Braze Japan's company page
. If you have any questions, requests, or complaints about our processing of your Personal Data or this Privacy Policy, please follow the instructions described in Section 8.3 (How to Contact Us).
PART VIII. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
8.1 CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this webpage. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to stay informed of the latest modifications.
8.2 CHILDREN
Our Websites are not directed to individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from such individuals without parental consent and require our customers to fully comply with applicable law in the data collected from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, please contact us by using the information in the “
How to Contact Us
” section, below, and we will take steps to delete such Personal Data from our systems.
8.3 HOW TO CONTACT US
If you would like to update your preferences with regards to our marketing communications to you, you can do this in our
Preference Center
.
If you have a request regarding Braze’s processing of your Personal Data, please
fill out the request form provided here
.
If you would like to manage your cookie settings you may do so by
Visiting our Cookie Consent Manager.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, if you have a complaint, or would like to contact our DPO, you may contact us at:
privacy@braze.com
or
Braze, Inc.
Privacy Policy Issues
Attention: General Counsel
63 Madison Building
28 East 28th Street
12th Floor Mailroom
New York, NY 10016
USA