PRIVACY POLICY
updated October 12, 2020
Welcome to "PersoApps" app’s privacy policy! This policy describes how we collect, use, process and share informations that we collects about you when you use this app. If you have any concerns about this privacy policy you should not use this app.
Data that may be collected
App usage
Navigation inside the app, actions in the app such as clicks on buttons, duration of sessions, frequency of use...
This data is generally analyzed through aggregated reports.
Technical data
ad identifiers, IP address, device country or language, device screen size, operating system and version…
Others datas
If you contact us, for instance by email, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Your interactions with us on our social media channels.
Our Analytics, Avertising and Marketing Partners
We currently work with carefully selected and trustful partners :
- Google (
learn more
)
- Firebase (
learn more
)
You can learn more about the data collected and the retention policy
- Google Admob (
learn more
)
Admob works with different partners which may have different policies. You can learn more about them in the commonly used list
- OVH (
learn more
)
It's our Web hosting service provider.
Please check their policies to know how they manage the data collected.
Why Do we Collect data ?
Like most of the other app publishers, we need to perform some research, analysis and marketing tasks :
Debug and crash analysis
Detecting/Protecting against security event
Product development/improvement
Advertising,
Preventing fraud and abuse of our policies
Datas collection
The database contains some datas entered by users of this application.
All datas are located only on the devices of users.
Camera usage
The camera (use of android.permission.CAMERA) is used if the user wants take photo to supply content to the app.
Advertisments
This app does have only non-personalized Admob ads. Although non-personalized ads don’t use cookies or mobile ad identifiers for ad targeting, they do still use cookies or mobile ad identifiers for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat
    fraud and abuse.
In-app purchasing
This app makes use of in-app purchasing to remove ads.
Permissions
CAMERA
INTERNET
STORAGE
Opt out
On Android and iOS devices, you can turn on/off the location service API in the device settings.
If you live in the USA, Europe or Canada, you can also opt-out from the collection of your information by some or all of our advertising partners who participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices (for US users), youronlinechoices.com (for
    European users) or youradchoices.ca/choices (for Canadian users). You can also click on the AdChoices logo within an advertisement (where available).
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors). We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly
    to our third-party payment processors, whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
Google Play In-App Payments
Apple Store In-App Payments
GDPR - Additional rights in the EEA or Switzerland
Request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, restrict or to object to the processing of your Personal Information, have the information
    anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company.
Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your
    consent withdrawal.
Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. You may exercise these rights by using the How to Contact Us below.
Changes to our privacy policy and practices
We will post any modifications to the Privacy Policy and the revised version will be effective when it is posted.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, would like to share suggestions for improving the Privacy Policy or this app, then please feel free to contact us at:
contact@persoapps.net
PersoApps
1 rue Jean Voruz
44200 NANTES
France