Phoenix Lab Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to Phoenix Lab and Solutions that link to or reference this Statement and describes how we handle personal information and the choices available to you regarding collection, use, access, and how to update and correct your personal information. Additional information on our personal information practices may be provided in offer descriptions, supplemental privacy statements, or notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection.
Collection of Your Personal Information
We may collect data, including personal information. "Personal information" is any information that can be used to identify an individual.
We collect personal information for a variety of reasons, such as:
Providing you with a newsletter subscription.
Enabling the use of certain features of our Solutions.
Personalizing your experience.
Providing customer service.
Uses of Your Personal Information
We may use your personal information for the purposes of operating our business, delivering, improving, and customizing our websites and Solutions, sending marketing and other communications related to our business, and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law. Some of the ways we may use personal information include:
Delivering a Solution you have requested.
Analyzing, supporting, and improving our Solutions and your online experience.
Sending communications to you, including for marketing or customer satisfaction purposes, either directly from Phoenix Lab or from our partners.
You can edit your communication preferences at any time. See Your Choices and Selecting Your Communication Preferences below.
Access to and Accuracy of Your Personal Information
We need your help in keeping your personal information accurate and up to date. We provide a number of options to access, correct, suppress, or delete your personal information:
If you need additional assistance, or help with accessing, correcting, suppressing, or deleting your personal information, please feel free to contact us directly. We make good faith efforts to honor reasonable requests to access, delete, update, suppress, or correct your data. We will respond to your request within 30 days. If we are unable to honor your request, we will provide you with an explanation.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with third parties for the purposes of operating our business, delivering, improving, and customizing our Solutions, sending marketing and other communications related to our business, and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law or otherwise with your consent.
We may share personal information in the following ways:
With business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents, or contractors to provide a requested Solution, service or transaction. Examples include, but are not limited to: processing of orders and credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting seminar registration, assisting with sales-related efforts or post-sales support, and providing customer support.
In response to a request for information by a competent authority if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
With law enforcement officials, government authorities, or other third parties as necessary to comply with legal process or meet national security requirements; protect the rights, property, or safety of Phoenix Lab, its business partners, you, or others; or as otherwise required by applicable law.
In aggregated, anonymized, and/or de-identified form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing.
Security of Your Personal Information
We intend to protect the personal information entrusted to us and treat it securely in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Phoenix Lab implements physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also contractually require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. The Internet, however, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information you provide to us.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our agreements.
How to Contact Us
We value your opinions. Should you have questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please email our privacy team at support@phoenixlab.com.cn
Updates to this Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised version here, with an updated revision date. You agree to visit these pages periodically to be aware of and review any such revisions. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we may also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our websites or sending you a notification. By continuing to use our website after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.