Get started
Login
Get started
Privacy Policy
General information on our use of personal data
Download as PDF
Updated: August 2022
In this privacy notice (the "Notice") we describe how we collect, use, and share your personal data when using our mobile application (the "App"), our website (
quartr.com
), our digital channels, when you communicate with us and when you participate in events and other activities that we arrange. The services available through our App is below named the "Service."
Personal data means any information that, directly or indirectly, identifies you, for example, your name or your IP address.
We are committed to your privacy. We take measures to ensure that your personal data is protected and that our use of personal data complies with applicable regulations and laws and our internal procedures and routines.
1. WHO IS COVERED BY THIS NOTICE?
This Notices covers:
Users of our App, our website, and our digital channels, for example, our channels and feeds on social media platforms.
Contact persons of a customer, supplier, or partner to us.
External persons who contact or otherwise communicate with us and are not covered by the categories above.
2. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Quartr AB ("we," "our" and "us") is responsible for the use of your personal data as described in this Notice. Please see section 11 below for contact information.
3. WHICH PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
We only collect the personal data that we need. We collect and process the following categories of personal data, but which personal data we collect about you, in particular, depends on how you interact with us:
Identity information. Information that makes it possible to identify you, for example, your name.
Contact information. Information that makes it possible to contact you, for example, your address, email address, and telephone number.
User-generated information. Information regarding your activity and use of our App, website, digital channels, and services, for example, clicks and visits and your behavior when using the App, the website, and our digital channels. This also includes reactions, interactions, and comments made by you in the Service.
Profile information. Information regarding your title and name and address of the 2 (18) companies or organisations that you work for.
Communication. Contents of communication with us, for example, contents in the email communication or the responses you provide when participating in a survey.
Picture, video, and audio material. Information such as your picture or voice that has been photographed or recorded, for example, a photograph or a video or audio recording.
Order information. Information about orders for goods and services, for example, the product or service, price or fee, delivery date or assignment period.
Technical information. Technical information about the device that you use when using our App or visiting our websites and digital channels, for example, type of device, version of browser, and operating system.
4. FROM WHERE DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA?
We collect personal data from the following sources:
Yourself.
When you use our App, website and other digital channels, contact us or communicate with us, we collect the personal data that you provide to us.
Partners.
When you use our App, website and other digital channels,
contact us
or communicate with us, we collect the personal data that you provide to us.
Social network platforms.
If you visit our channels or feeds on social media, we collect the personal data that you provide to us when using these channels.
Publicly available sources.
We may collect personal data about you from publicly available sources, for example, websites and public records.
Authentication service providers
. If you use authentication services, such as "Sign in with Apple" or "Sign with Twitter," we collect personal data from such services to authenticate and grant you access to your user account.
External persons.
We collect personal data about you that external persons provide to us, for example, in connection with communication or an event or similar activity
5. WHY DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Below we explain the purposes with our use of personal data and provide examples of processing activities carried out for each purpose. Please note that not all processing activities may apply to you. Which processing activities that you are covered by depend on how you interact with us.
To read more about which categories of personal data, which legal basis that we rely on for the use of your personal data for each purpose and for how long your personal data is stored, please see our detailed information on our use of personal data.
Provide the Service
If you have signed up and registered a user account for the Service, we use your personal data to provide the Service, including to set up and administrate your user account and to provide customized and personalized content, recommendations and features in the Service based on your use of the Service.
You need to provide the information that we request when you sign up and register a user account for the Service as the information is necessary for the performance of the contract with you. If you do not provide the information requested, we cannot create your user account to enable us to tailor your experience using the Service, but you cannot use the Service.
Communicate about the Service
If you are a user of the Service, we use your personal data to communicate with you regarding the Service, for example to notify you of updates to the Service.
Communicate notifications from companies and partners through the Service
We use your personal data to communicate notifications from companies and partners through the Service, for example push-notifications in the App (if you have allowed the App to display push- notifications). In order to ensure that you receive notifications that are relevant to you, we analyse your personal data on an aggregated level. We do not profile your personal data for this purpose since the analysis is made using aggregated information.
By allowing the App to send notifications to you, you give your consent to receive promotional offers from companies and partners through the Service.
You can at any time decide whether to allow the App to communicate notifications to you by adjusting your notification settings in your
mobile device
or in the Service.
Analyse the use of the Service
We use your personal data to analyze the usage of the Service on an aggregated level, for example to collect and analyze statistics of how the Service is used, including information on which companies that our users follow and how our users interact with the various functions in the Service. This helps us better understand how the Service is used and how we can continue to develop and improve the Service. We do not profile your personal data for this purpose since analysis is made using aggregated information. We share this aggregated information and anonymized insights, which do not include any personal data, with companies and partners for their own use in their businesses.
Develop and improve the Service
We continuously develop and improve the Service in order to provide the best experience possible. We therefore use your personal data for this purpose, for example to develop new features for the App.
Detect and prevent misuse of the Service
We use your personal data to detect and prevent misuse of the Service. This for your and other safety.
Manage the relationship with business customers, suppliers, and partners
If you are a contact person of a business customer, supplier or partner to us, we use your personal data to manage the customer or supplier relationship or partnership, for example, to register you as a contact person, manage invoices and agreements, and to communicate for the same purpose.
Manage orders of goods and services
To manage orders of goods and services, we use, where necessary, your personal data for this purpose if you are a contact person for the customer or supplier, for example to manage requests for proposals (RFPs), submit and manage orders, and to communicate for the same purpose.
Follow up and evaluate the relationship with business customers, suppliers, and partners
We use, where necessary, personal data about contact persons of business customers, suppliers, and partners to follow up and evaluate the customer or supplier relationship or partnership.
Respond to questions
If you contact us, for example by e-mail or phone, with a question, we use the personal data that you share with us to respond to your question.
Communicate about us, our business, and our services
We use your personal data to communicate about us, our business, and our services in various channels, including for marketing and promotional purposes. This includes communicating with you regarding offers from us in various digital channels (e.g., email and social network platforms) and promoting the Service and activities that we carry out, e.g., contests and surveys. You can at any time unsubscribe from our communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the communication or by contacting us.
We also share your personal data for this purpose with social network platforms and marketing platforms. Please see section 6 below for further information on which recipients that we share personal data with.
Communication between employees and external persons
We use your personal data, where applicable, in connection with communication, for example, by e-mail, between employees and external persons.
Provide newsletter
We use your personal data to provide our newsletter, for example to send out the newsletter and manage your subscription. You can at any time unsubscribe from the newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the newsletter or by contacting us.
Follow up and analyze the business
We use your personal data to compile reports on an aggregated level and statistics to follow up and analyze the business. We do not profile your personal data for this purpose.
Document the business
We use your personal data, where necessary, to document the business, for example, to manage and store agreements, decision documents, minutes, and presentations.
Carry out contests, events, and other activities
If you participate in a contest, an event, or another activity that we arrange, we use your personal data to carry out the contest, event or activity, for example, to register your participation, to communicate with you regarding the activity and, where applicable, publish information regarding the event on our website and in our digital channels.
Carry out surveys
If you choose to participate in a survey that we carry out, we collect the personal data that you provide in connection with the survey. Your opinions about our business and services are important to us. You can unsubscribe from such communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the mailing or by contacting customer service.
Develop and improve the business
We use your personal data when we carry out analysis on an aggregated level to develop and improve the business, our business methods, and business strategies. We do not profile your personal data for this purpose.
Follow-up and analyze the use of this website and our digital channels
It is important for us to understand how this website and our digital channels are used. We, therefore, use your personal data for this purpose, for example, when we collect and analyze visitor and user statistics on how our website and digital channels are used.
Enable functionality on this website
To enable functionality on this website, for example to remember your settings, we use where necessary your personal data. This in order to provide you with a better user experience on the website.
Ensure technical functionality and security
We use your personal data to ensure necessary technical functionality and security of this websites and our IT systems, for example, for security logging, error handling, and backups.
Manage and defend legal claims
If needed, we use your personal data to manage and defend legal claims for example, in connection with a dispute or court proceeding. For this purpose, we share personal data, when needed, with other recipients. Please see next section 6 below.
Fulfill legal obligations
To fulfill our legal obligations, if necessary, we will use your personal data, for example, to fulfill accounting or data protection obligations. For this purpose, we may share certain information with other recipients. Please see next section 6 below for more information.
6. WHICH RECIPIENTS DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH?
Below we describe which recipients we share your personal data with. Which recipients we share your personal data with depends on how you interact with us. Unless we have stated otherwise below the recipient is responsible (data controller) for its own use of your personal data. To read more about why and based on which legal bases, we share your personal data with different recipients, please see our detailed information on our use of personal data.
We share personal data with: Other users of the Service
Content and interactions, including comments and reactions, that you share using the Service will be available to other users of the Service. Similarly you can see content that other users have shared in the Service. This is a part of the Service.
Service providers
To process personal data for the proposes described in this Notice, we share personal data with service providers that we have engaged. These service providers provide, for example, IT services (e.g. storage), and communication services (which enable us to send you communications). When the service providers process personal data on our behalf, they act as data processors for us, and we are responsible for the processing of your personal data. They must not use your personal data for their own purposes and are contractually and legally obliged to protect your personal data.
External persons
When we communicate with external persons, for example, via e-mail, we share the personal data that you yourself or employees share with the external person.
Social network platforms
To communicate and provide personalized promotional offers in our digital channels and on other websites, we share personal data with social network platforms.
When we automatically share personal data with these platforms we are, where applicable, jointly responsible together with the relevant social network or marketing platform for the collection and transfer of your personal data using cookies and similar technologies. We and the relevant platform are, however, independently responsible for the subsequent use of your personal data. We have entered into specific arrangements with the platforms which outline the roles and responsibilities of us and the relevant platform in relation to the use of your personal data. You have the right to receive information on the essence of these arrangements.
Contact us
to obtain this information. Please see section 11 below for contact details. Please also see our detailed information on our use of personal data for more information about the recipients with whom we are jointly responsible for using your personal data.
Other recipients
If needed, we share your personal data with other recipients for the following purposes:
to manage a merger or sale of the business,
to manage and defend legal claims and rights,
to fulfil legal obligations,
to respond to a request, and
to protect and ensure the safety of our staff.
Examples of recipients are external advisors, public authorities, courts, law enforcement, and potential buyers and sellers should we sell the business.
7. YOUR RIGHTS
Rights in relation to the use of your personal data
We normally reply to your request within one month following the date that we received the request. If your request is complex or if you have submitted several requests at the same time, we may need additional time to respond to your request. If we consider it necessary to extend the time to respond to your request, we will notify you of this and the reason as to why we need more time to respond to your request within one month following the date that we received your request. The time to respond to your request can be extended with up to a maximum of two months.
Moreover, if we for some reason cannot, wholly or partly, respond to your request, we will notify you of this and the reason as to why we cannot reply to your request within one month following the date that we received the request.
If you have submitted your request electronically, for example. via email, we will also respond to your request electronically unless you request otherwise.
We need to confirm your identity to reply to your request
When you submit a request to exercise your rights, we need to confirm your identity to ensure that you are not somebody else than who you claim to be. This to avoid that we for example disclose personal data to an unauthorized person or in error delete personal data. It is helpful if you use the same e-mail address that you used to sign up for the Service for submitting a request to exercise your rights. If we do not have sufficient information to confirm your identity, we can request that you provide supplementary information about yourself needed to confirm your identity. We only request such information that is reasonable and necessary to.
Below we describe the rights that you have in relation to your personal data.
Right to access (Article 15 of the GDPR)
You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether we handle your personal data and in such a case receive a copy of your personal data together with additional information on our use of your personal data. Please note that the right to a copy of your personal data may not adversely affect the rights of others.
Right to rectification (Article 16 of the GDPR)
You have the right to request that we rectify or supplement your personal data if you consider that your personal data is incorrect, incomplete, or misleading.
Right to withdraw your consent (Article 7 of the GDPR)
For certain use of your personal data, we rely on your consent. For information on when we rely on your consent for the use of your personal data, please see our detailed information on our use of personal data. When we use your personal data based on your consent, you have the right to at any time withdraw your consent. When you have withdrawn your consent, we will not continue to use your personal data based on the consent previously provided.
Right to erasure (Article 17 of the GDPR)
You have in certain situations the right to request erasure of your personal data ("the right to be forgotten"). Accordingly, the right to erasure is subject to certain conditions. For example, the right to erasure applies if we keep your personal data but no longer the personal data for the purposes for which it was collected, if you withdraw your consent which we rely on for our use of your personal data, or if you object to our use of your personal data and we cannot show a compelling reason to further use your personal data notwithstanding your objection.
There are also several exemptions from the right to erasure, including if we are obligated under law to keep your personal data or if the personal data is needed to exercise, manage, and defend legal claims.
Right to object to our use of personal data (Article 21 of the GDPR)
In certain situations, you have the right to object to our use of your personal data. Where we rely on our or another's legitimate interest for the use of your personal data, you have the right to object to the use for reasons which relates to your particular situation. You can see in our detailed information on our use of personal data in relation to each purpose if we rely on a legitimate interest for the use of your personal data. If we cannot show a compelling reason to continue to use your personal data, we will stop using your personal data for the relevant purpose.
You always have an unconditional right to object to our use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Right to request restriction of your personal data (Article 18 of the GDPR)
In certain situations, you have the right to request restriction of your personal data which means that you can at least for a certain period, stop us from using your personal data. The right to request restriction of your personal data applies if you consider that the personal data about you is incorrect and during the period that we verify this, if the use of your personal data is unlawful and if you wish that we continue to store your personal data instead of deleting the personal data, and if we no longer need your personal data for the purposes for which we collected the personal data, but you need the personal data to manage, defend or exercise legal claims and rights.
You also have the right to request restriction of your personal data if you have objected to our use of your personal data and during the period, we verify whether we have a compelling reason to continue to use your personal data.
If the use of your personal data has been restricted, we may normally only store your personal data and not use them for any other purpose than to manage, defend or exercise legal claims and rights. We can also use your personal data for other purposes if you have given your consent to such use.
Right to copy of certain personal data and transfer of the personal data to an external recipient (data portability) (Article 20 of the GDPR)
The right to data portability means that you have a right to receive a copy of the personal data that you yourself has provided to us in a structured, commonly used format. Moreover, where it is technically feasible, you also have the right to request that the copy of your personal data is transferred directly to an external recipient.
The right to data portability only applies, however, to personal data that we handle based on your consent (Article 6.1 (b) of the GDPR or for the performance of an agreement with you (Article) 6.1 (a) of the GDPR). You can see in our detailed information on our use of personal data in relation to each purpose for which we collect, use and share your personal data outlined which legal bases we rely on for the use of your personal data.
Right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority. In Sweden, the supervisory authority is the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (IMY).
Automated individual decision-making
We do not carry out any automated individual decision-making which have legal effects or similar significant effects on you.
8. COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. For more information on our use of cookies and other technologies and how you can adjust your cookie settings on the website, please see our information on use of cookies and similar technologies.
9. WHERE WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
We store your personal data within the EU. However, we use service providers, which also may use sub-contractors, that are established in third countries outside the EU/EEA. To ensure an essentially equivalent level of protection for your personal data when transferred (or otherwise made available) to service providers in third countries outside of the EU/EEA which do not provide an adequate level of protection, we use the EU Commission's adopted standard contractual clauses for international transfers standard contractual clauses for international transfers according to decision 2021/914 and implement – in light of the law and practices of the third country – necessary supplementary measures. Supplementary measures include technical, contractual, and organizational measures that are necessary to bring the level of protection of the personal data transferred to an essentially equivalent level protection.
For more information on to which countries your personal data is transferred and je safeguards that we have taken to protect personal data, please contact us at by emailing
hi@quartr.com
.
For more information on the safeguards that we have taken to protect personal data, please contact us. Please see section 11 below for contact details.
10. UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
We regularly update this Notice. This in order to ensure that the Notice reflects our use of personal data from time to time. As an example, we will update this Notice if we decide to collect additional categories of personal data or if we intend to use collected personal data for additional purposes.
We will in such case notify you in advance by appropriate means, for example by showing a message in
the App
, on this website or by e-mail. The latest version of the Notice is always available on this page and the date the Notice was last updated is stated above.
11. ANY QUESTIONS?
If you have questions about this Notice, our use of your personal data or if you wish to exercise your rights,
please contact us here.
If you are not satisfied with our response, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in your country. In Sweden, the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (IMY) (
www.imy.se
) is the data protection authority.
Quartr AB
Reg. no.: 559289-8125
Sveavägen 52,
111 34 Stockholm, Sweden.
E-mail:
legal@quartr.com
Terms of service