Happy Floor
Privacy
This policy came into effect on 12th October 2021.
Introduction
This notice sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your sensitive information and how we will deal with it. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act (‘the DPA’) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (‘the GDPR’), sensitive information includes what is defined as your ‘personal data’.
By visiting https://happyfloorapp.com (the ‘Website’) and our Happy Floor mobile application (the ‘App’) you accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
In this Privacy Notice, we seek to abide by the letter and spirit of the guidelines laid out by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office in the document at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/privacy-notices-transparency-and-control/.
Who We Are
More formally, we are Func Main Limited. We are a company registered in England and Wales with Company number 10480912 and our registered office is at Func Main Ltd, 21, Rollit House, Hornsey Road, London, England, N7 7BT.
We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office under registration number ZB238410 and you can view our registration details by visiting https://ico.org.uk/esdwebpages/search?EC=3&RegistrationNumber=ZB238410.
For the purposes of the DPA and in-line with the GDPR, Func Main Limited is the Data Controller.
If you have any concerns about the way we use your information or any questions about this Privacy Notice, please let us know. We can be contacted via email at hello@happyfloorapp.com, or you can write to us at the address above.
What we do with your information
We will use your information to:
send you emails about the services that we offer and other Happy Floor related topics;
allow you access to our pelvic floor App and to access our exercise plans and information;
continually improve our service, our Website and App offerings and our user experience.
information about the services we provide by other means
We compile statistics about user trends on our Website, which are used by third party organisations to understand how users interact with businesses, brands and one another online and to advise about these things. These statistics are drawn from a dataset which does not contain any information from which you can be identified.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give us – this is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our Website, our App or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register with us through our App. We only request from you the minimum data required for you to use our subscription service. In fact to register and use the App we don’t actually need any personal information from you at all, but the more information that you provide us with, the more tailored the Happy Floor we can deliver.
You have the option to supplement your profile with your name, your email, date of birth and gender. You can then also add your height, weight, and targets to your profile too
Information we collect about you – Whenever you visit our Website or our App we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information – including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or phone to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit – this includes the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our App or Website (including date and time), pages you have visited, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain page and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs)
Information we receive from other sources – This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this Website. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Heathkit
Our app has Apple’s Healthkit integration to track the following PHR (Personal Health Record) Data; exercises, height, weight, sex, date of birth, calories, exercise type, active energy, resting energy and heart rate. PHR data is app-based Personal Health Record information. This data is passed through to Healthkit for the purpose of providing real time metric feedback to the user about their exercises and training program. Your PHR allows the Happy Floor app to give you personalized calories, exercises and to assist when you contact our team via the in-app chat service. The Healthkit data that we collect is classified as Personal Identifiable Information (PII) and Non-Personal Identifiable Information (NPII) For Clarification purposes.
PII is any PHR Data that connects to you as an individual such as names and other identifiers. Any additional PHR data that is PII will fall under this scope
NPII is PHR Data that is 1) grouped so it does not connect to you as an individual and 2) has names and other identifiers removed or altered.
Func Main Limited WILL NOT release HealthKit PII or non PII to any person, company or other entity for any reason, including but not limited to
Marketing and Advertising
Medical and pharmaceutical research
Reporting about our company and or customer activity
Your insurer and employer
We may disclose your personal information to third parties should it be required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and © to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Company, or to otherwise act in the best interests of our users or others.
Your Personal Data is only collected by us from your direct use with the Happy Floor app, and if you granted both our app and Apple’s HealthKit permission. If you close or transfer your profile with us, we no longer collect any PHR data
Where we hold and what we do with your informatio
The information and content held on our Website is deployed geographically to maximise user experience. All information that could identify individuals within the European Union is stored exclusively within the European Union. We will never share your user information with third parties for promotional purposes.
We hold our data with Render Service Inc which are contracted by us for the provision of technical services. We remain responsible at all times for the security of your information, but if you want to know more about how we interact with Render Service Inc you can view their Privacy Notice, amongst their other policies at https://render.com/privacy.
What we do to ensure the security of your personal information
We take the security of your personal data very seriously. Our approach to information security is constantly evolving and continually reviewed.
We have adopted industry best practices from both technological and business process perspectives in order to make the security of your data a key part of the way we do business.
We have policies and practices in place that not only ensure our compliance under the DPA but also the GDPR, including training and adequate procedures put in place for any staff that handle or have access to sensitive information.
Your rights regarding your personal information
We may contact you via email with updates about the services that we offer or any changes that we have made to our Website.
You can opt in or out at any time by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in our emails or in the App
We may also contact you using notifications on iOS to send you exercise reminders or information about any new services or updates to the Ap
These notifications are optional and you can turn these off at any time by following the instructions listed online at https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201925.
Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates (including, but not limited to, websites on which our service may be advertised). If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that we are not responsible or liable for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as contact and location data. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or use these services.
Access to Information
You have the right to find out about what information we hold about you. You can exercise that right by contacting us and we will send you any request for information in a suitable electronic form within 20 working days
To make a request for information please contact hello@happyfloorapp.com, and a member of our team will be in touch.
You also have the right ‘to be forgotten’ and to have your information permanently deleted from our systems. Again, if you would like to exercise this right then please contact us at delete-my-account@happyfloorapp.com.
There will be no charge made for reasonable electronic access to your information or for your right to be forgotten from our systems.
How long we hold your information for
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on this page. Should you have an active account with us, the new terms will be displayed on-screen the next time you login to the App and you will be required to read and accept them to continue your use of our services.
Our Cookie Policy
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the Website, you agree and consent to our use of cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive
As part of our overall approach to privacy and transparency, this section describes what cookies are in the context of our web and mobile interfaces, and what their use means to you. At the end, we’ve included some links to help you research cookies and their impact, and how you can use your web browser to control the way it manages cookies.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies – these are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-payment system.
Analytical/performance cookies – these allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies – these are used to recognise you when you return to our Website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region
Targeting cookies – these cookies record your visit to our Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose but this will be contain no information capable of identifying you personally.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use below:
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand general trends about our content and traffic sources; for example, where users come from, which pages are most popular, which sites provide most traffic, how our marketing efforts impact the amount of visits we receive.
Google’s statement about privacy can be found at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
Consent
In line with the latest advice from the Information Commissioner’s Office, we interpret your continued use of our platform as consent for us to use cookies to capture information about how you interact with our services, and those of other services we use. If you’d like to manage your use of cookies then you can find out how to do so by using the link at https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/, but please note this may affect the functionality of Website.
More information about cookies
Still don’t know what cookies are? Then why not follow the link conveniently located at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ which provides more information about what they are and how they work.
Contact the Information Commissioner if there is a problem
If you consider we have not addressed your problem, you can contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office for assistance. Further information can be found via https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/raising-concerns/.