Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
We don’t collect or store your information except what is necessary in apps with in-app purchases to allow you to restore the purchase in the future.
Yes, it’s that simple. We want our personal information to be respected, so we treat your information the same way.
All information entered into the app stays within the app on your device. The only way any information leaves the app is if you choose to share it via the built-in sharing mechanisms (if available).
If you have questions, please contact If Then Dev, LLC for more information.
Terms and Conditions
This agreement is solely between the end user and If Then Dev, LLC (“If Then Dev”) and not Apple, Inc (“Apple”). If Then Dev is solely responsible for its apps and the content within. Information provided by apps produced by If Then Dev, LLC are for informational purposes only. Consult with your legal, financial, or other experts before making any decisions based on information gathered from If Then Dev's apps.
All users of apps produced by If Then Dev agree to abide by Apple’s standard
End User License Agreement
and App Store rules. The license to use the app is limited, revocable, and non-transferable, and it can be used only on Apple devices the user owns and controls, and only as permitted by the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
Apple has no obligation to provide maintenance or support for apps produced by If Then Dev. Any technical support inquiries should be directed to If Then Dev directly.
If Then Dev apps are provided for on an “as is” basis. As such, If Then Dev disclaims all warranties about the If Then Dev iOS Apps to the fullest extent permitted by law. To the extent any warranty exists under law that cannot be disclaimed, If Then Dev, not Apple, shall be solely responsible for such warranty.
All purchase transactions are made between the user and Apple directly. Any billing or subscription questions need to be directed to Apple for resolution. In the case of auto-renewing subscriptions, payment will be charged to your App Store account at confirmation of purchase. Subscriptions will automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged according to your plan for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. You can manage or turn off auto-renew in your Apple ID account settings at any time after purchase.
Apple is not responsible for any claims related to the application or the end user’s possession and/or use of the app, “
including but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Licensed Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy or similar legislation.
“
To the extent If Then Dev is required to provide indemnification by applicable law, If Then Dev, not Apple, shall be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any claim that the If Then Dev iOS Apps or your use of it infringes any third party intellectual property right.
You represent and warrant that: i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using If Then Dev’s iOS Apps (e.g. your wireless data service agreement).
Your mobile OS is a third party beneficiary of this License Agreement, and, upon your acceptance, such third party beneficiary will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this agreement against you.
Any End-User questions, complaints or claims related to the licensed application can be directed to help@ifthendev.com.
If Then Dev, LLC reserves the rights to update these terms at any time.