About
Down Arrow
Security
Team
Blog
Explore
Documentation
Support
Earn Bitcoin
Download
Xverse Privacy Policy
Introduction
Secret Key Labs Limited ("
Company
"or "
We
") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes:
·       The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you download, install, register with, access, or use the Xverse (the "App").
·       Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to information we collect in this App , and in email, text, and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with this App.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
·       We collect offline or on any other Company websites, including websites you may access through this App.
·       You provide to or is collected by any third party (see Third-Party Information Collection).
Our websites and other third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with, or use this App. By downloading, registering with, or using this App, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of thisApp after we revise this policy means you accept those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
The App is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at hello@secretkeylabs.com
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We collect information from and about users of our App:
·       Directly from you when you provide it to us.
·       Automatically when you use the App.
Information You Provide to Us
When you download, register with, or use this App, we may ask you provide information:
·       By which you may be personally identified, such as name, email address, and/or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information").
·       That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as cryptocurrency wallet address.
This information includes:
·       Information that you provide by filling in forms in the App. This includes information provided at the time of downloading and/or registering to use the App, and requesting further services such as entering and/or locking into a stacking pool. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the App.
·       Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone numbers),if you contact us.
·       Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
·       Details of transactions you carry out through the App and of the fulfillment of your transactions.You may be required to provide wallet address and token information prior to using certain features of the App, such as stacking pool.
·       Your search queries on the App.
You may also provide information for publication or display ("Posted") on public areas of the app, if such public areas are made available to you (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your UserContributions are Posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that yourUser Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Automatic Information Collection and Tracking
When you download, access, and use the App, it may use technology to automatically collect:
·       Usage Details. When you access and use the App, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the App, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through theApp.
·       Device Information. We may collect information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the device's unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information, and the device's telephone number.
·       Stored Information and Files. The App currently does not access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device. This may change in the future.
·       Location Information. This App does not collect real-time information about the location of your device.
If you do not want us to collect this information, do not download the App or delete it from your device.
Information Collection and Tracking Technologies
The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:
·       Cookies (or mobile cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on your smartphone. It may be possible to refuse to accept mobile cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your smartphone.However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our App.
·       Web Beacons. Pages of the App and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related app statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Information Collection
When you use the App or its content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. These third parties may include:
·       Third party features.
·       Your mobile device manufacturer.
·       Your mobile service provider.
These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this app. The information they collect maybe associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services websites.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about a third party feature integrated with the App, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, to:
·       Provide you with the App and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.
·       Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
·       Give you notices about your account, activities, and transactions, including transaction completion notices, expiration and renewal notices.
·       Carryout our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for as applicable, billing and collection.
·       Notify you when App updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide though it.
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our App and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:
·       Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
·       Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App according to your individual interests.
·       Speedup your searches.
·       Recognize you when you use the App.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction.
In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
·       To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
·       To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
·       To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our App users is among the assets transferred.
·       To fulfill any specific purpose indicated by you for which you provide it.
·       For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
·       With your consent.
·       To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
·       To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including the App EULA, and as applicable, for billing and collection.
·       If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Secret Key Labs Limited, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, andDisclosure of Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of over your information.
·       Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies, some parts of the App may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
You can review and change any of your personal information collected by the App, by logging into the App and visiting your account profile page.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
It is important to note that we DO NOT have access and/or keep your cryptographic key, private key, and/or seed phrase(s) (“Private Key(s)”). Please ensure to safeguard your Private Key(s) independently. If your Private Key is lost, we have no way of recovering it.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. If public areas of the App is made available to you, we urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the App like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the App.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page with an in-App alert the first time you use the App after we make the change.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
hello@secretkeylabs.com
‍