SIR is committed to protecting your privacy and the security of all personal data that SIR maintains on behalf of our members and customers. Personal data means any information that allows you to be directly or indirectly identified. This privacy policy addresses the information we collect about our members and customers, how we use this information, and the choices you have about how we use such information.
Other sites you visit, including those linked from the SIR website, may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. Other websites might use personal data differently than our policy permits. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site before providing any personal data.
The information that you provide to SIR during the SIR member registration or renewal process (including name, address, phone and payment information, together with any additional information you provide to SIR and information regarding the way in which you use your SIR membership) will not be processed or disclosed by SIR except as permitted by this policy or as required or allowed by applicable law or legal process.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The European Union (EU) has adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which sets out principles for data management and protection of the personal data of individuals in the EU.The GDPR, an updated version of the EU’s 1995
Data Privacy Directive
, is a new legal framework. The law is designed to accomplish two main things: unify the current data protection laws throughout the EU and enhance the rights of individuals in the EU to protect their personal data. In addition to businesses with establishments in the EU, the GDPR applies to any non-EU business that does one or both of the following:
Processes the personal data of individuals in the EU in connection with offering products or services to individuals in the EU; or
Monitors the behavior of individuals in the EU and processes their personal data in connection with such monitoring.
Control and update your personal data and preferences
In connection with these new regulations, we want all members and customers to be sure that we keep only the most accurate and up-to-date information about you in our records. You have the right to access any of your personal data that is contained within our system.  The SIR website, sirweb.org, will expressly ask for your website identification and your password to access member-only content.  Whenever you believe that your contact information needs to be updated, users can
update your contact information
by logging into your account through sirweb.org. The accuracy of such information is solely the responsibility of the user. You may choose at any time to update your information, remove your name, telephone and fax numbers, and postal and email addresses from the lists we use to send notices or updates and elect not to receive correspondence from us by emailing at
membership@sirweb.org
.
If you wish to receive alerts, news, special offers or promotions from SIR, please check the appropriate boxes when you register for personalized services or access or amend your preferences by logging in and clicking on the relevant link at any time. If you wish to cease receiving any of this information, you may amend your preferences either by logging in and clicking on the relevant link, by notifying SIR, or by using the "opt-out" or unsubscribe option provided within the communications you receive.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we delete or remove your personal data.  Requests should be made by
membership@sirweb.org
.We will evaluate your request in accordance with the applicable laws.  In some situations, deletion of certain personal data may mean that it is no longer possible for you to gain access to certain parts of our site or retain access to membership.
You may also have the right in some circumstances to have us transfer your data to you or a third party. Requests should be made to
membership@sirweb.org
.  We will evaluate your request in accordance with the applicable laws.
Retention of personal data
We retain the Personal data we collect from you for as long as the information is relevant to our business purposes or until you request that we remove the data by contacting the SIR Member Services Department Center at the address or telephone number detailed below.
Data integrity and security
We keep any information you provide as secure and confidential as possible. We also have in place privacy protection contractual obligations with our vendors designed to ensure that personal data is protected from unauthorized access or disclosure. If we intend to transfer your personal data to an organization outside of the European Economic Area, we will comply with the GDPR’s requirements for adequate levels of protection.
All SIR employees must abide by SIR’s Privacy Policy. Only authorized employees are permitted to have access to personally-identifiable data about website visitors, and that access is limited to what is reasonably needed to perform an employee’s responsibilities, such as providing updates or notices or customer service. Employees who violate our privacy policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. However, we do not represent, warrant, or guarantee that your personal data will be protected against unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or alterations, and do not accept any liability for the security of the Personal data submitted to us nor for your or third parties' use or misuse of Personal data.
Product orders
SIR works with a fulfillment center who may use your e-mail address to send you an order confirmation and to alert you to any changes in the availability of the items you ordered.
Mailing lists
SIR sends e-mails to let you know about changes to its website and to communicate with you about issues that matter to the profession of interventional radiology, but we do not sell e-mail addresses to third parties.  SIR does sell postal address information, via a direct mail list broker, as a means of generating non-dues income.
SIR may also share statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with third parties for marketing or research purposes. This aggregate data will not contain any information that personally identifies you.
You may opt out of the e-mail contact or address label rental by notifying the SIR’s member services department by using the information below.
Visit information
When you visit the SIR website, the Society's tracking agent automatically collects some basic information about your computer, including the following: your most recently visited URL, IP address (your computer's unique signature), operating system and browser software. The information collected reflects the user population, rather than focusing on individuals. It is used to better understand the people who visit SIRweb.org. This information allows SIR to identify the most popular pages on the website. Aggregated data of non-personally identifiable information may be disclosed to the SIR Executive Council to inform them of the number and categories of people who have visited the website.
Cookies
The SIR website sends all visitors a cookie (small computer file) that contains a unique serial number that recognizes repeat users and facilitates ongoing access to and use of the website. SIR does not use cookies to monitor the use of its website by individual users. Cookies do not collect personally identifying information; they collect information related to the characteristics of your computer, or when and how you reached the sirweb.org site. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. They do not pose a threat to a user's system or files. Each time our Web server receives a request for a page, it checks to see if the cookie is present; this enables us to determine how much of our traffic is from repeat visitors. We use this information only for purposes of planning and tracking, as well as assessing the technical function of our site. By understanding how our site is accessed, we can continually improve it to respond to user's interests.
Sirweb.org reserves the right to perform statistical analyses and profiling of user behavior and characteristics to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform third parties of such information. sirweb.org will provide only aggregate data from these analyses to third parties; no personally identifiable information will be disclosed. If you browse our website with the cookies option turned off, you may not be able to use various features of our site. If you have questions or concerns, please contact
website@sirweb.org
Purpose and legal basis for processing your data
SIR processes your data to provide members and customers with the products or services you have requested or purchased from us, including membership services, events, publications and other content, certification, and training. SIR uses this information to refine our products and services to better meet users’ needs and to communicate with users about other services we offer that may assist you in your career development.
If we collect your Personal data for reasons beyond the performance of our obligations to our members or the pursuit of our legitimate interests, we will ask for your consent to collect such data.  If we intend to use your information in a way that is unrelated to the reasons for which it was collected, we will notify you before doing so and, if necessary, ask your permission before collecting any additional data or using it in any way.
If we rely on your consent to process your Personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent. Requests should be made by [e-mail, phone, online form, etc.].
Questions, complaints and dispute resolution
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact the SIR Member Services Department at the address or telephone number detailed below:
Society of Interventional Radiology
3975 Fair Ridge Drive
Suite 400 Norther
Fairfax, Virginia 22033
Telephone: (703) 691-1805
membership@sirweb.org
If at any time you believe that we have not adhered to this privacy policy, you have a complaint regarding the way your personal data is being handled, or would like to object to or restrict our processing of your personal data, please contact the SIR Member Services Department. Disputes under this privacy policy will be resolved by SIR, which will use reasonable efforts to promptly investigate and, if necessary, correct any problem. For individuals in the EU, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. The relevant authority is the data protection authority in your country of residence, the country where you work or the country in which the alleged unlawful use of your personal data occurred.
Quick Links
SIR policies
Governance and leadership
Terms of use
Load more
Close
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=OJ:L:1995:281:FULL&from=EN:
