Air
Ocean
3PL
Trade Facilitation
First Name
Last Name
Designation
Company Name
Email id
Contact Number
Product you are interested in
—Please choose an option—
Airport Cargo Community System
Port Community System
Maritime Single Window
Cargo Ground Handling System
Freight Forwarding System
Customs Clearance System
Advanced Truck Slot Management for air/ports
e-Air Waybill point solution
e-Delivery Order
Others
Airport Cargo Community System
– Proven and Indispensable
Airport Cargo Community System
– Proven and Indispensable
Transforming airports into cargo hubs for business growth
Read more
Port Community System
– Digital Gateway to Smarter Ports
Port Community System
– Digital Gateway to Smarter Ports
Synchronise land and port side operations on a single platform
Read more
Shape the Future of Logistics Tech
Shape the Future of Logistics Tech
Discover opportunities where your ideas make a difference
Read more
Tech-Enabled Sustainability
for Logistics
Tech-Enabled Sustainability
for Logistics
Achieve your green goals with cutting-edge solutions powered by AI, IoT, and Blockchain for enterprise and community solutions
Read more
Cut Costs, Boost Efficiency: Optimise your EXIM Operations
Cut Costs, Boost Efficiency: Optimise your EXIM Operations
Simplify administrative and compliance workflows for a smarter, more efficient EXIM process
Read more
Airport Cargo Community System
UN award winning digital platform facilitating electronic interactions among airports stakeholders
Port Community System
UN award-winning platform that streamlines port and land side operations
Logistics Custom Control Tower
Streamlines cross-border trade by cutting costs, reducing paperwork, and boosting sustainability
Digitally empowering more than
100 airports and ports globally
Kale Logistics Solutions, a global SaaS leader, delivers cloud-based technology
                        solutions, transforming logistics operations for Fortune 500 companies worldwide.
                        With cutting-edge Cargo Community Platforms and enterprise automation solutions,
                        it empowers seamless, paperless trade for stakeholders across air, maritime, and
                        freight logistics in 40+ countries.
Read more
Success
Stories
Accelerating container movement and throughput with CODEX- India’s first digital exchange platform for containers
Tuticorin Port, a key Indian hub, faced challenges with unorganised operations...
Read
                                        more
Transforming airport operations: Kale’s GALAXY solution drives efficiency, real-time tracking, and data insights
Kale's GALAXY Solution transformed a major Indian airport by digitizing manual...
Read
                                        more
Facilitating cost saving for traders and agents by digitising issuance of Certificate of Origin in Lesotho
Lesotho, a major garment exporter to the USA, faced delays in the issuance...
Read
                                        more
Assisting the World’s Largest Ground Handler with a 66% reduction in truck wait time across multiple locations in North America
A leading global ground handler faced severe truck congestion at multiple...
Read
                                        more
✖
Discover how we are shaping the future of logistics tech
Watch how leading logistics companies navigate disruptions and embrace innovation.
Thought Leadership
Critical insights shared by industry leaders with a deep understanding of
                        the industry
Air Cargo focus Africa: Taking off towards a brighter continent
IATA’s Air Cargo Focus Africa Initiative aims to transform Africa's air 
                                        cargo industry by embracing digitalisation, enhancing infrastructure, and unlocking economic potential 
                                        through technological advancements and collaboration.
Read more...
Enhancing Safety and Efficiency in Dangerous Goods via Port Community System
Managing Dangerous Goods (DG) exports demands strict regulatory compliance. Kale Logistics Solutions' DG Cargo module digitizes
                                    processes, enhancing safety and efficiency in hazardous material transport.
Read more...
People skills: Essential for optimising resources in the logistics industry
In logistics, people skills are as vital as technology. Effective leadership,
                                        communication, and continuous learning drive team efficiency, talent retention, and seamless tech integration for growth.
Read more...
Re-emergence of Just-in-time Logistics
Just-in-time (JIT) logistics, challenged by the pandemic, now requires a tech-driven overhaul,
                                        using AI and data analytics for improved demand forecasting, resilience, and supply chain continuity.
Read more...
Insightful knowledge sharing
Insightful knowledge sharing
Digital twins: Revolutionising logistics planning and operations
Digital twins offer real-time,
                                                        virtual replicas of logistics operations, enhancing efficiency, forecasting, collaboration,
                                                        and sustainability while transforming the logistics industry for future-ready supply chains.
Read more...
A decisive guide to shortlisting a ground handling system
Efficient ground handling systems are key to air cargo operations.
                                                        To ensure a successful long-term operation in aviation logistics, it is vital to prioritize automation,
                                                        scalability, compliance, and reliability for seamless integration.
Read more...
Up-to-date industry
insight
Up-to-date industry
insight
Kale Logistics Solutions automates custom clearance at Kansai International Airport
March 6th, 2025
Africa’s first airport cargo community system to be developed by Kale Logistics Solutions
January 29th, 2025
Kale Logistics Solutions Malaysia Maritime Single Window officially launched at Port Klang
February 24th, 2025
Global maritime leaders unite at VANTAGE POINT summit to explore the transformative power of Maritime 4.0
December 18th, 2024
Upcoming
events
Upcoming
events
ICAO Air Cargo Summit 2025
The first ICAO Air Cargo Summit is geared up to take place from April 9 to 11, 2025 at Kremlin Palace Hotel, Antalya, TÜRKIYE and Kale Logistics Solutions is assuming active participation in the event. Connect with our subject matter experts at booth no. 01 to discuss on role of AI and automation in the future of air cargo, digitalisation in air cargo etc.
9-11 April, 2025 | Kremlin Palace Hotel, Antalya, TÜRKIYE
Transport Logistic 2025
Transport Logistic is the world's leading trade fair for logistics, mobility,
                                                    IT and supply chain management and Kale has been a regular participant in this event. In the 2025 edition,
                                                    Kale is all set to showcase its innovation in air cargo and maritime widely with specific focus on resilience building,
                                                    efficiency building, cost optimisation and better resource management. Visit our booth at the event and interact with our
                                                    subject matter experts.
2-5 June, 2025 | Trade Fair Center, Messe München
IATA World Cargo Symposium
World Cargo Symposium 2025 by IATA is about to commence from 15 April 2025 and Kale Logistics Solutions is geared up to have a wide-spread participation in the event. Kale will be showcasing its digital trade facilitation offerings for the air cargo industry. Connect with our delegates at booth no. 9 to discuss on role of AI and automation in the future of air cargo, technology intervention in air cargo and sustainability powered digital intervention.
15-17 April, 2025 | Dubai, UAE
IAPH World Ports Conference 2025
Kale Logistics Solutions is a proud bronze sponsor at the upcoming IAPH’s World Ports Conference all set to take place at Kobe, Japan from 7-9 October 2025. We are keen to gain valuable insights from global leaders, policymakers, and innovators shaping the future of the maritime industry. At the event, Kale will be showcasing its maritime innovation, digital trade facilitation and various transformative endeavours developed over the period. Don’t miss the opportunity to meet us. The conference will bring together stakeholders from the global maritime supply chain including port authorities, policy makers, ship and cargo owners and service providers, delivering an international platform for networking, innovation, and debate.
7-9 October, 2025 | Kobe, Japan
Explore opportunities
to grow
Explore opportunities
to grow
Current openings
Take a look at the current
                                                        openings at Kale and get ready to begin your journey with
                                                        the most innovative company.
Read more...
Life @ Kale
From flexible work timings
                                                        to a friendly work atmosphere, know why Kale is the
                                                        preferred employer of choice.
Read
                                                        more...
More
                    Facts
Envisioning a connected world in
                                                                        Trade Facilitation
As trade became
                                                                    more liberalized through lower tariffs and
                                                                    quotas, the focus of policymakers has
                                                                    shifted to other impediments to the
                                                                    cross-border movement of goods, particularly
                                                                    to those of an administrative and logistical
                                                                    nature. Transport connectivity, the quality
                                                                    of logistics services, ease of doing
                                                                    business and cross-border management all
                                                                    play growing roles as determinants of
                                                                    international trade flows. Trade
                                                                    facilitation in particular has been
                                                                    identified as a tool for increased and
                                                                    smoother trade between countries. Trade
                                                                    facilitation initiatives benefit both the
                                                                    business community and governments. With
                                                                    logistics technology and logistics software,
                                                                    the business community benefits by obtaining
                                                                    enhanced competitiveness in national and
                                                                    international markets due to reduction in
                                                                    delays and costs, which are achieved with
                                                                    predictable and efficient movement of goods
                                                                    across borders. National administrations are
                                                                    able to utilize modern procedures to enhance
                                                                    controls, ensure proper collection of
                                                                    revenues due and at the same time contribute
                                                                    to the economic development through
                                                                    increased trade and encouragement of foreign
                                                                    investment.
The work done by
                                                                    World Trade Organisation (WTO) World Bank,
                                                                    World Customs Organisation (WCO), United
                                                                    Nations and other international bodies links
                                                                    into the commitments made by the
                                                                    international community to help least
                                                                    developed countries and meaningful
                                                                    integration of multilateral trading system
                                                                    into global economy. These institutions are
                                                                    achieving the same by providing technical
                                                                    assistance and removing procedural and
                                                                    institutional bottlenecks in trade.
In order to
                                                                    further boost trade, Single Windows have
                                                                    emerged in many countries. Single Windows
                                                                    are platforms that are government mandated
                                                                    and allow for the submission of information
                                                                    to fulfil regulatory requirements between
                                                                    economic operators and government
                                                                    authorities. These platforms aim to
                                                                    facilitate the import and export of goods. A
                                                                    single point of entry for the exchange of
                                                                    electronic information between regulatory
                                                                    agencies and trading participants is
                                                                    simpler, faster and more efficient with
                                                                    reduced risk of errors and data duplication.
                                                                    With increased cross-border trade, there is
                                                                    a need now to have regional single windows
                                                                    that would facilitate exchange of trade data
                                                                    between countries. These regional single
                                                                    windows would digitise trade documents and
                                                                    automate processes.
Within this
                                                                    context, the vision of Kale Logistics
                                                                    Solutions – as a provider of global
                                                                    logistics software solutions (logistics
                                                                    software company) is to connect the global
                                                                    logistics industry using technology thereby
                                                                    eliminating unnecessary paperwork,
                                                                    inefficiencies and opaqueness.
Unlike other logistics software companies,
                                                                    Kale is offering community wide and
                                                                    enterprise wide solutions. In short, Kale is
                                                                    a ubiquitous logistics software company that
                                                                    can offer cloud-based solutions for
                                                                    different processes and purposes in the
                                                                    logistics industry.
As a logistics software company, Kale
                                                                    understands every single aspect of the trade
                                                                    with our inhouse subject matter experts.
                                                                    Most importantly, we deliver best in class
                                                                    solutions for all stakeholders in the
                                                                    logistics industry.
In addition to this, Kale is now available in
                                                                    different locations worldwide with inhouse
                                                                    experts in each location. Due to this, as a
                                                                    logistics software company, Kale has emerged
                                                                    as a major player in the digital logistics
                                                                    ecosystem.
Moreover, Kale’s ability as a
                                                                    multi-modal cloud-based service provider has
                                                                    made it stood apart as a unique logistics
                                                                    software company.
Notifications