Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) notices for EEA Customers
The privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest level of importance.
We will strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website.
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites/Apps.
Consent
We will strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website.If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites/Apps.
ConsentWe would like to make it clear that by downloading, installing and using our games, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you also agree with the collection of the information mentioned in this document. You can always choose to not give this consent by deciding to not use our mobile games. Any adult can only play our games. DesIos  Games does not knowingly and directly collect and store any personal information from you, and we hereby specifically prohibit our users from giving us any personal information.Collection and use of data This is the anonymous information from which one cannot find out the identity of the user. Non personal information includes technical information, behavioral data and statistical data. Non-personal Information collected by Third Parties may include the following technical information: type of operation system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.), type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.), screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.), language (e.g. English), device type (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.), geo-location – only general location may be collected.This information is usually gathered by third party services during your usage of our games. They analyze your activities when you interact with our games. This information is used to do statistical research, measure traffic and make applications that are customized to your preferences. These third-party service providers include but are not limited to ‘Admob’, ‘Unity Ads’. We advise you to read privacy policies of these companies which can be found at the following links:
ADMOB : http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
We would like to make it clear that we may use other service providers according to our needs in the future, and those service providers will be notified to you through update of our privacy policy. Thus, you are advised to visit our privacy policy from time to time.
Personal Information
This is the kind of information that can identify you as an individual. We may collect directly or through third party services: · the e-mail address of the user · the user’s personal identifier, e.g. advertising identifier, device identifier (e.g. IP address), unique device identifier (UDID), and carrier user ID · geo-location information from a GPS enabled device (if the user allowed it) All of the above information is gathered by user’s consent, which is obtained by the acceptance of privacy policy. Purpose of this collection of information is to enhance user experience, provide users with customized content (ads and applications), allow user to use certain functionalities in the game (in app purchases).
Cookies and Local Data
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your device which enable applications to enable certain features. E.g. User preferences like muted sound of the game shall be stored locally on your device, frequency capping to make sure that if we decide to promote an app, we do not run the ad of the same game over and over again. We shall store and access such information to enhance your experience. Third party services might use session cookies (which are deleted once you close the app) or persistent cookies (which remain stored until the user clears the cookies). The data stored can be personal or non-personal. Most devices allow you to block and clear cookies. Thus if you have allowed cookies on your device, your local device storage might be used to store and access information.
Sharing of Information
The user information that is stored by us, shall only be shared according to the following guidelines: · If doing so is binding by law, such as following a court order, regulation, legal process or request by a government. · To implement this privacy policy or finding out potential violations. · To ensure detection and prevention of fraud and security threats. · To negate the claims that content published under Minh Seven Games violation of a third party right. · To make sure that the ads shown to you are relevant. · To protect the rights and property of DesIos  Games users or the general public. · In case of a merger, acquisition or sale of the company, the change in ownership and usage of information shall be notified through our website.
Our products are developed by us. All intellectual property rights of our products, as well as all other information, including but not limited to literal expression and combinations, icons, illustrations, charts, colors, interface design, layout framework, data, printed materials and electronic documents, are the exclusive property of us, and are subject to protections in accordance with the domestic and international laws and regulations, the International Copyright Treaty and other applicable laws and regulations. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, you have no right to use our intellectual property rights. In particular, you have no right to use our trademarks or product names, logos, domain names or other distinctive brand features without our prior written consent. Any comments or suggestions you may provide to us by any means regarding our service are entirely voluntary and we will be free to use these comments and suggestions at our discretion without any payment or other obligation to you.
You agree not to conduct any acts that could in any way impair and/or damage our rights in connection with the intellectual property mentioned herein. We reserves the right to seek accountability for such unauthorized acts, and you shall be liable for any and all damages, losses, costs and expenses we incur in connection with your violation of these Terms.
For any questions, comments or suggestions contact us at :
daoduchanh.gamer@gmail.com
.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it