Menu
Market Data
Service Prices
Customers
Documentation
About
Team
contact
Privacy Policy
We created this Privacy Policy (version 31.07.2020-111387322), to declare which information we collect, how
            we use data and which options the users of our website have, according to the guidelines of the
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
Unfortunately, these subjects sound rather technical due to their nature, but we have put much effort into
            describing the most important things as simply and clearly as possible.
Automatic Data Retention
Every time you visit a website nowadays, certain information is automatically created and saved, just as it
            happens on this website.
Whenever you visit our website such as you are doing right now, our webserver (computer on which this website
            is saved/stored) automatically saves data such as
the address (URL) of the accessed website
browser and browser version
the used operating system
the address (URL) of the previously visited site (referrer URL)
the host name and the IP-address of the device the website is accessed from
date and time
in files (webserver-logfiles).
Generally, webserver-logfiles stay saved for two weeks and then get deleted automatically. We do not pass
            this information to others, but we cannot exclude the possibility that this data will be looked at in case
            of illegal conduct.
Cookies
Our website uses HTTP-cookies to store user-specific data.
For your better understanding of the following
            Privacy Policy statement, we will explain to you below what cookies are and why they are in use.
What exactly are cookies?
Every time you surf the internet, you use a browser. Common browsers are for example Chrome, Safari, Firefox,
            Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge. Most websites store small text-files in your browser. These files are
            called cookies.
What should not be dismissed, is that cookies are very useful little helpers. Nearly all websites use
            cookies. More accurately speaking these are HTTP-cookies, since there are also different cookies for other
            uses. http-cookies are small files which our website stores on your computer. These cookie files are
            automatically put into the cookie-folder, which is like the “brain” of your browser. A cookie consists of a
            name and a value. Moreover, to define a cookie, one or multiple attributes must be specified.
Cookies save certain parts of your user data, such as e.g. language or personal page settings. When you
            re-open our website, your browser submits these “user specific” information back to our site. Thanks to
            cookies, our website knows who you are and offers you the settings you are familiar to. In some browsers
            every cookie has its own file, in others such as Firefox, all cookies are stored in one single file.
There are both first-party cookies and third-party coookies. First-party cookies are created directly by our
            site, while third-party cookies are created by partner-websites (e.g. Google Analytics). Every cookie is
            individual, since every cookie stores different data. The expiration time of a cookie also varies – it can
            be a few minutes, or up to a few years. Cookies are no software-programs and contain no computer viruses,
            trojans or any other malware. Cookies also cannot access your PC’s information.
This is an example of how cookie-files can look:
name: _ga
value: GA1.2.1326744211.152111387322-9
purpose: differentiation between website
            visitors
expiration date: after 2 years
A browser should support these minimum sizes:
at least 4096 bytes per cookie
at least 50 cookies per domain
at least 3000 cookies in total
Which types of cookies are there?
What exact cookies we use, depends on the used services. We will explain this in the following sections of
            the Privacy Policy statement. Firstly, we will briefly focus on the different types of HTTP-cookies.
There are 4 different types of cookies:
Essential Cookies
These cookies are necessary to ensure the basic function of a website. They are needed
            when a user for example puts a product into their shopping cart, then continues surfing on different
            websites and comes back later in order to proceed to the checkout. Even when the user closed their window
            priorly, these cookies ensure that the shopping cart does not get deleted.
Purposive Cookies
These cookies collect info about the user behaviour and record if the user potentially
            receives any error messages. Furthermore, these cookies record the website’s loading time as well as its
            behaviour within different browsers.
Target-orientated Cookies
These cookies care for an improved user-friendliness. Thus, information such as
            previously entered locations, fonts or data in forms stay saved.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are also known as targeting-Cookies. They serve the purpose of
            delivering individually adapted advertisements to the user. This can be very practical, but also rather
            annoying.
Upon your first visit to a website you are usually asked which of these cookie-types you want to accept.
            Furthermore, this decision will of course also be saved in a cookie.
How can I delete cookies?
You yourself take the decision if and how you want to use cookies. Thus, no matter what service or website
            cookies are from, you always have the option to delete, deactivate or only partially allow them. Therefore,
            you can for example block cookies of third parties but allow any other cookies.
If you want change or delete cookie-settings and would like to determine which cookies have been saved to
            your browser, you can find this info in your browser-settings:
Chrome: Clear, enable
                and manage cookies in Chrome
Safari:
                Manage cookies and website data in Safari
Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox
Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies
Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge
If you generally do not want to allow any cookies at all, you can set up your browser in a way, to notify you
            whenever a potential cookie is about to be set. This gives you the opportunity to manually decide to either
            permit or deny the placement of every single cookie. The settings for this differ from browser to browser.
            Therefore, it might be best for you to search for the instructions in Google. If you are using Chrome, you
            could for example put the search phrase “delete cookies Chrome” or “deactivate cookies Chrome” into Google.
How is my data protected?
There is a “cookie policy” that has been in place since 2009. It states that the storage of cookies requires
            the user’s consent. However, among the countries of the EU, these guidelines are often met with mixed
            reactions. In Austria the guidelines have been implemented in § 96 section 3 of the Telecommunications Act
            (TKG).
If you want to learn more about cookies and do not mind technical documentation, we recommend
https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6265
, the
            Request for Comments of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) called “HTTP State Management Mechanism”.
Storage of Personal Data
Any personal data you electronically submit to us on this website, such as your name, email address, home
            address or other personal information you provide via the transmission of a form or via any comments to the
            blog, are solely used for the specified purpose and get stored securely along with the respective submission
            times and IP-address. These data do not get passed on to third parties.
Therefore, we use personal data for the communication with only those users, who have explicitly requested
            being contacted, as well as for the execution of the services and products offered on this website. We do
            not pass your personal data to others without your approval, but we cannot exclude the possibility this data
            will be looked at in case of illegal conduct.
If you send us personal data via email – and thus not via this website – we cannot guarantee any safe
            transmission or protection of your data. We recommend you, to never send confidential data via email.
Rights in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation
You are granted the following rights in accordance with the provisions of the
GDPR
(General Data Protection Regulation) and the Austrian
Data
                Protection Act (DSG)
:
right to rectification (article 16 GDPR)
right to erasure (“right to be forgotten“) (article 17 GDPR)
right to restrict processing (article 18 GDPR)
righ to notification – notification obligation regarding rectification or erasure of personal data or
                restriction of processing (article 19 GDPR)
right to data portability (article 20 GDPR)
Right to object (article 21 GDPR)
right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing – including profiling –
                (article 22 GDPR)
If you think that the processing of your data violates the data protection law, or that your data protection
            rights have been infringed in any other way, you can lodge a complaint with your respective regulatory
            authority. For Austria this is the data protection authority, whose website you can access at
https://www.data-protection-authority.gv.at/
.
Evaluation of Visitor Behaviour
In the following Privacy Policy, we will inform you on if and how we evaluate the data of your visit to this
            website. The evaluation is generally made anonymously, and we cannot link to you personally based on your
            behaviour on this website.
You can find out more about how to disagree with the evaluation of visitor data, in the Privacy Policy below.
OpenStreetMap Privacy Policy
We have included map sections of the online map tool “OpenStreetMap” to our website. It is a so-called open
            source mapping, which we can access via an API (interface). This feature is offered by OpenStreetMap
            Foundation, St John’s Innovation Center, Cowley Road, Cambridge, CB4 0WS, United Kingdom. By using this map
            function, your IP address will be forwarded to OpenStreetMap. In this privacy policy we will explain why we
            use the functions of the OpenStreetMap tool, where which data is stored and how you can prevent data
            storage.
What is OpenStreetMap?
The OpenStreetMap project was launched in 2004. Its aim is to create a free world map. Users all around the
            world have been collecting data about buildings, forests, rivers and roads. Therefore, an extensive digital
            world map has been created by users over the years. Of course, the map is not complete, but it contains a
            lot of data for most regions.
Why do we use OpenStreetMap on our website?
The primary intention of your website is to be helpful to you. We think this can only be the case when
            information can be found quickly and easily. On the one hand, of course, this concerns our services and
            products. On the other hand, there should also be other helpful information available to you. That is why we
            also use OpenStreetMap’s map service. Thanks to this, we can for example show you exactly how to find our
            company. The map shows you the best way to get to us and makes your journey very smooth and easy.
What data is stored by OpenStreetMap?
When you visit one of our websites that include OpenStreetMap, your user data is transmitted to the service
            where it is stored. OpenStreetMap collects information about your interactions with the digital map, your IP
            address, your browser, device type, operating system and on which day and at what time you used the service.
            Tracking software is also used to record user interactions. For this regard, the company specifiies the
            “Piwik” analysis tool in its own privacy policy.
The collected data are then accessible to the relevant employee groups of the OpenStreetMap Foundation.
            According to the company, personal data will not be passed on to other people or companies, unless it is
            legally required. The third-party provider Piwik stores your IP address, but in a shortened form.
The following cookies may be set in your browser if you inerace with OpenStreetMap on our website:
Name: _osm_location
Value: 9.63312%7C52.41500%7C17%7CM
Purpose: This cookie is required to unlock
            OpenStreetMap’s contents.
Ablaufdatum: after 10 years
If you want to view the map in full screen, you will be linked to OpenStreetMap’s website. There, the
            following cookies may be stored in your browser:
Name: _osm_totp_token
Value: 148253111387322-2
Purpose:This cookie is used to ensure the operation of
            the map section.
Expiry date:after one hour
Name: _osm_session
Value: 1d9bfa122e0259d5f6db4cb8ef653a1c
Purpose: With the help of this cookie,
            session information (i.e. user behavior) can be stored.
Expiry date: after end of session
Name: _pk_id.1.cf09
Value: 4a5.1593684142.2.1593688396.1593688396111387322-9
Purpose:This cookie is set
            by Piwik to save or measure user data such as click behavior.
Expiry date: after one year
How long and where are the data stored?
The API servers, databases, and servers of auxiliary services are currently located in the United Kingdom
            (Great Britain and Northern Ireland) and the Netherlands. Your IP address and user information, which are
            saved in an abbreviated version by the web analysis tool Piwik, will be deleted after 180 days.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
You have the right to both access your personal data and to object to its use and processing at any time. You
            can also always manage, delete, or deactivate cookies that may be set by OpenStreetMap in your browser. As a
            result, however, the service may no longer work to their full extent. The management, deletion or
            deactivation of cookies works differently in every browser. Below you will find links to the instructions of
            the most popular browsers:
Chrome: Clear, enable
                and manage cookies in Chrome
Safari:
                Manage cookies and website data in Safari
Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox
Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies
Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge
For more information on OpenStreetMap’s data processing, we recommend the company’s privacy policy at
https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
We use the tracking and analysis tool Google Analytics (GA) of the US-American company Google LLC (1600
            Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). Google Analytics collects data on your actions on our
            website. Whenever you click a link for example, this action is saved in a cookie and transferred to Google
            Analytics. With the help of reports which we receive from Google Analytics, we can adapt our website and our
            services better to your wishes. In the following, we will explain the tracking tool in more detail, and most
            of all, we will inform you what data is saved and how you can prevent this.
What is Google Analytics?
Google Analytics is a tracking tool with the purpose of conducting data traffic analysis of our website. For
            Google Analytics to work, there is a tracking code integrated to our website. Upon your visit to our
            website, this code records various actions you perform on your website. As soon as you leave our website,
            this data is sent to the Google Analytics server, where it is stored.
Google processes this data and we then receive reports on your user behaviour. These reports can be one of
            the following:
Target audience reports: With the help of target audience reports we can get to know our users better
                and can therefore better understand who is interested in our service.
Advertising reports: Through advertising reports we can analyse our online advertising better and hence
                improve it.
Acquisition reports: Acquisition reports provide us helpful information on how we can get more people
                enthusiastic about our service.
Behaviour reports: With these reports, we can find out how you interact with our website. By the means
                of behaviour reports, we can understand what path you go on our website and what links you click.
Conversion reports: A conversion is the process of leading you to carry out a desired action due to a
                marketing message. An example of this would be transforming you from a mere website visitor into a buyer
                or a newsletter subscriber. Hence, with the help of these reports we can see in more detail, if our
                marketing measures are successful with you. Our aim is to increase our conversion rate.
Real time reports: With the help of these reports we can see in real time, what happens on our website.
                It makes us for example see, we can see how many users are reading this text right now.
Why do we use Google Analytics on our website?
The objective of our website is clear: We want to offer you the best possible service. Google Analytics’
            statistics and data help us with reaching this goal.
Statistically evaluated data give us a clear picture of the strengths and weaknesses of our website. On the
            one hand, we can optimise our page in a way, that makes it easier to be found by interested people on
            Google. On the other hand, the data helps us to get a better understanding of you as our visitor. Therefore,
            we can very accurately find out what we must improve on our website, in order to offer you the best possible
            service. The analysis of that data also enables us to carry out our advertising and marketing measures in a
            more individual and more cost-effective way. After all, it only makes sense to show our products and
            services exclusively to people who are interested in them.
What data gets stored by Google Analytics?
With the aid of a tracking code, Google Analytics creates a random, unique ID which is connected to your
            browser cookie. That way, Google Analytics recognises you as a new user. The next time you visit our site,
            you will be recognised as a “recurring” user. All data that is collected gets saved together with this very
            user ID. Only this is how it is made possible for us to evaluate and analyse pseudonymous user profiles.
Your interactions on our website are measures by tags such as cookies and app instance IDs. Interactions are
            all kinds of actions that you perform on our website. If you are also using other Google systems (such as a
            Google Account), data generated by Google Analytics can be linked with third-party cookies. Google does not
            pass on any Google Analytics data, unless we as the website owners authorise it. In case it is required by
            law, exceptions can occur.
The following cookies are used by Google Analytics:
Name: _ga
Value:2.1326744211.152111387322-5
Purpose: By deafault, analytics.js uses the cookie _ga, to
            save the user ID. It generally serves the purpose of differenciating between website visitors.
Expiration
            date: After 2 years
Name: _gid
Value:2.1687193234.152111387322-1
Purpose: This cookie also serves the purpose of
            differentiating between website users
Expiration date: After 24 hours
Name: _gat_gtag_UA_ Value: 1
Verwendungszweck: It is used for decreasing the demand rate. If Google
            Analytics is provided via Google Tag Manager, this cookie gets the name _dc_gtm_ .
Expiration date: After
            1 minute
Name: AMP_TOKEN
Value: No information
Purpose: This cookie has a token which is used to retrieve the
            user ID by the AMP Client ID Service. Other possible values suggest a logoff, a request or an
            error.
Expiration date: After 30 seconds up to one year
Name: __utma
Value:1564498958.1564498958.1564498958.1
Purpose: With this cookie your behaviour on the
            website can be tracked and the site performance can be measured. The cookie is updated every time the
            information is sent to Google Analytics.
Expiration date: After 2 years
Name: __utmt
Value: 1
Purpose: Just like _gat_gtag_UA_ this cookie is used for keeping the requirement
            rate in check.
Expiration date: Afer 10 minutes
Name: __utmb
Value:3.10.1564498958
Purpose: This cookie is used to determine new sessions. It is
            updated every time new data or information gets sent to Google Analytics.
Expiration date: After 30
            minutes
Name: __utmc
Value: 167421564
Purpose: This cookie is used to determine new sessions for recurring
            visitors. It is therefore a session cookie, and only stays saved until you close the browser
            again.
Expiration date: After closing the browser
Name: __utmz
Value: m|utmccn=(referral)|utmcmd=referral|utmcct=/
Purpose: This cookie is used to
            identify the source of our website’s visitor number. This means, that the cookie saves information on where
            you came to our website from. This could be another site or an advertisement.
Expiration date: After 6
            months
Name: __utmv
Value: No information
Purpose: The cookie is used to store custom user data. It gets
            updated whenever information is sent to Google Analytics.
Expiration date: After 2 years
Note: This list is by no means exhaustive, since Google are repeatedly changing the use of their cookies.
Below we will give you an overview of the most important data that can be evaluated by Google Analytics:
Heatmaps: Google creates so-called Heatmaps an. These Heatmaps make it possible to see the exact areas you
            click on, so we can get information on what routes you make on our website.
Session duration: Google calls the time you spend on our website without leaving it session duration.
            Whenever you are inactive for 20 minutes, the session ends automatically.
Bounce rate If you only look at one page of our website and then leave our website again, it is called a
            bounce.
Account creation: If you create an account or make an order on our website, Google Analytics collects this
            data.
IP-Address: The IP address is only shown in a shortened form, to make it impossible to clearly allocate it.
Location: Your approximate location and the country you are in can be defined by the IP address. This process
            is called IP location determination.
Technical information: Information about your browser type, your internet provider and your screen resolution
            are called technical information.
Source: Both, Google Analytics as well as ourselves, are interested what website or what advertisement led
            you to our site.
Further possibly stored data includes contact data, potential reviews, playing media (e.g. when you play a
            video on our site), sharing of contents via social media or adding our site to your favourites. This list is
            not exhaustive and only serves as general guidance on Google Analytics’ data retention.
How long and where is the data saved?
Google has servers across the globe. Most of them are in America and therefore your data is mainly saved on
            American servers. Here you can read detailed information on where Google’s data centres are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/?hl=en
Your data is allocated to various physical data mediums. This has the advantage of allowing to retrieve the
            data faster, and of protecting it better from manipulation. Every Google data centre has respective
            emergency programs for your data. Hence, in case of a hardware failure at Google or a server error due to
            natural disasters, the risk for a service interruption stays relatively low.
Google Analytics has a 26 months standardised period of retaining your user data. After this time, your user
            data is deleted. However, we have the possibility to choose the retention period of user data ourselves.
            There are the following five options:
Deletion after 14 months
Deletion after 26 months
Deletion after 38 months
Deletion after 50 months
No automatical deletion
As soon as the chosen period is expired, the data is deleted once a month. This retention period applies to
            any of your data which is linked to cookies, user identification and advertisement IDs (e.g. cookies of the
            DoubleClick domain). Any report results are based on aggregated information and are stored independently of
            any user data. Aggregated information is a merge of individual data into a single and bigger unit.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
Under the provisions of the European Union’s data protection law, you have the right to obtain information on
            your data and to update, delete or restrict it. With the help of a browser add on that can deactivate Google
            Analytics’ JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, dc.js), you can prevent Google Analytics from using your data.
            You can download this add on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
. Please consider that this add on
            can only deactivate any data collection by Google Analytics.
Should you generally want to deactivate, delete or manage all cookies (independently of Google Analytics),
            you can use one of the guides that are available for any browser:
Chrome: Clear, enable
                and manage cookies in Chrome
Safari:
                Manage cookies and website data in Safari
Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox
Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies
Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge
Google Analytics is an active participant of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, which regulates correct
            and save transfer of personal data.
You can find more information on this at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&tid=111387322
.
            We hope we were able to make you more familiar with the most important information on Google Analytics’ data
            processing. If you want to learn more about the tracking service, we recommend both of the following links:
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/gb/
and
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
Source: Created with the Datenschutz Generator by
AdSimple®
in cooperation with
meinhaushalt.at
‍
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy?tid=111387322:
Jump to:
content
,
navigation
,
search
Privacy Policy
From OpenStreetMap Foundation
Contents
1
Introduction
2
Why do we store and process personal data?
3
What data do we store and process?
3.1
Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap
3.2
OSMF Membership Data
3.3
Conference and Event Registration Data
3.4
Personal Data from Your Communications with OpenStreetMap
4
Who has access to the data
5
Where do we store the data
6
How can you control the processing of your data and reduce privacy related issues
7
Right to Object
8
Detailed Information
8.1
GPS Trace Data
8.2
Map Data
8.3
User 'home' location
8.4
Email Addresses
8.4.1
Gravatar
8.5
Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary posts
8.6
Personal data we receive automatically
8.7
Third party provided services and data
8.8
Unrelated Third-Party-Providers of Services and Data
8.9
Communication via OSMF provided Systems
8.10
Account Removal
8.11
Cookies
9
Other Relevant Policies
10
Contact
Introduction
This document states the OpenStreetMap
privacy policy
applicable to OpenStreetMap Foundation (OSMF) activities. In particular, these activities include:
the OpenStreetMap.org website and associated services and APIs,
the OpenStreetMap data distribution,
the OpenStreetMap wiki and help sites, and
the OpenStreetMap mailing lists and forums.
It describes what personal information we may be gathering from you, who can see this information, and what options you have for controlling this. We value your privacy and strive to achieve a balance between the legitimate interests of the OpenStreetMap project and your interests and rights.
This document is mainly intended for OpenStreetMap contributors, if you are not an OpenStreetMap contributor, but are using services provided by the OSMF, we believe the
Data we receive automatically
section will be most relevant for you.
As the OSMF has many legacy systems and practices that have currently not been fully reviewed and documented, it is possible that a subject of particular interest to you has not been covered yet or is inaccurately described. Please see the
contact
section, below, to reach us if you have any such questions or believe that you have found a discrepancy. As we will be updating this document regularly to reflect our better understanding of these issues, please check from time to time for updates.
OpenStreetMap developers, contributors and related companies will often use the OpenStreetMap name and logo to set up groups or services on third-party web sites. For example, there might be a Facebook page, a Google Plus page, a Slack channel, a page on Xing or LinkedIn, a Meetup group, and so on. The privacy practices of such services are outside of OSMF's control and might be located in countries with different data protection rules. Data you share on these platforms cannot, therefore, be covered by this policy. Please refer to the privacy policies of those third-party services.
Why do we store and process personal data?
The purpose of the OpenStreetMap project and the OSMF is to provide open geographic data, such as street maps, to anyone.
To fulfill the goal of distributing data that is truly open, untethered by rights of third parties and of high quality, we do not support anonymous contributions and retain additional, non-geographic, data on a legitimate interest basis (see
GDPR article 6.1f
), to enable:
identifying all the contributions made by an account,
contacting the contributor in the case of questions in respect to the nature and source of the  contributions,
detecting, removing and correcting spam accounts, vandalism, and violations of the rights of third parties,
facilitating the communication between OpenStreetMap contributors, and
researching and analysing aggregate contributions to improve or prioritise OSMF services, such as evaluating mapping efficacy, map completeness, and determining if locations or mappers are disproportionately represented.
What data do we store and process?
Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap
Besides the geographic data  contributed (points lines, and areas with associated attributes and GPS trace data), and communications related data (diary posts and comments, the user page, changeset comments, and messages) we store
editing session meta-data. For example comments added by the user, any version and similar information added by the editing application, which editing application and which aerial imagery layers where used.
user id and login name of the author of every change to an object and a timestamp indicating when that change occurred.
the e-mail address associated with your account,
any blocks the user has received and associated messages, and
network access data (example IP addresses) for the systems and services operated by the OSMF. see
Data we receive automatically
.
OSMF Membership Data
The full personal name and residential address of members of the organisation according to the Companies Act are, by law, required to be added to the OSMF register of members. Terminating membership does not lead to the entry being deleted. Associate members are not required to provide their full details and the information can be deleted if membership is terminated. Payment details for both classes of members are retained for accounting purposes as long as required by law. The processing of this data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (see
GDPR article 6.1c
).
More details on OSMF membership options can be found on
https://supporting.openstreetmap.org/#Membership-Categories
.
Conference and Event Registration Data
Some events organized by the OSMF require prior registration to be able to participate, most notably our annual State of the Map conference. This data is required to verify payment of entry fees, planning of venues, catering and scheduling of talks and presentations and is visible to the group organizing the event. The processing of this data is necessary for the performance of a contract (see
GDPR article 6.1b
).
Personal Data from Your Communications with OpenStreetMap
Personal data such as your name and contact information submitted as a result of communicating with OpenStreetMap, joining mailing lists, participating in the forum, or requesting information is retained to facilitate our ability to correspond with you.
Who has access to the data
We do not share email addresses associated with accounts with any third party and they are only accessible to operations and working group personnel who have signed confidentiality agreements. User-to-user messages are visible to the sender and the recipient; other access is limited to our operations staff and only if required for operational reasons, to enforce our acceptable use policies, to fulfil any legal obligations, and, most notably, to prevent spam.
Similarly, network access data is only used to support network operations and access is limited to operating personnel performing operational tasks and to combat vandalism and minimize spam.
The remainder of the personal data collected by us is made available, depending on the use case, via the website, via the editing API and from our data dumps, to users with accounts who are logged in.
To reduce the distribution of the non-geographic information we offer our data dumps with and without the additional personal data. Entities that require and process the additional data can register with the OSMF and you can find contact information for them here:
Registered data controllers
. We do not contract with them, and any processing of the data carried out by such entities is done on their own behalf.
Where do we store the data
Personal data other than any associated with a tile request (for instance, IP addresses and request details) is stored in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Backups are stored in the EU.
Map tiles are provided by a global network of cache servers; which tile server your browser or app accesses is determined by the operation of the content distribution network at the time of the request.
How can you control the processing of your data and reduce privacy related issues
While not required by law, we provide the following mechanisms to reduce the exposure of your personal data:
you can select a non-identifying login name and change it at will,
you are not required to include personal data in diary posts, comments, email listserv, the wiki, or other OSM communications methods, and you may delete diary posts at any time through your account,
you can
request that your account be deleted
(restrictions apply, see below) and this will be conveyed to registered entities that are utilizing your personal data.
You should not enable gravatar support or use an e-mail address you have associated with a gravatar if privacy is a concern.
You can further reduce exposure by not adding personal information to the map data (personal names and such) that you submit. Such information is in general not considered to be a useful addition to our data and you should refrain from adding it.
Right to Object
You have a
right to object
against processing based on legitimate interests of the data controller.
Detailed Information
GPS Trace Data
The uploading of GPS data is entirely optional and not a prerequisite for contributions to OpenStreetMap. If you do submit GPS data, it is uploaded in the form of individual GPX files. These are kept as raw files, as well as being imported into the database. GPX files can be marked "
public
" by the uploader; this is completely unrelated to the option of making one's
edits
"public".
When GPS data for an area is downloaded via the API, no indication is provided of which user uploaded a point or of the timestamp that is associated with the point. Points are, however, returned in timestamp order. GPS data downloaded in this way will include points from traces which were not marked as public.
If a GPS trace is marked as public when it is uploaded then the raw trace may be downloaded from the web site or by using an API call. In this case the user's display name is shown (regardless of whether the user has made their
edits
public or not) and the timestamps in the GPX file will be included. Also, any additional information placed in the GPX file will still be present, e.g., waypoints with their names and/or notes entered, associated symbols, elevation data, etc. You should remove any such information from the data and trim enough  information from the beginning and the end of the trace to obscure the start and destination of it before uploading it if you have privacy concerns.
Map Data
All edits made to the map are recorded in the database with the user ID of the user making the change, and a timestamp at the time of change upload. In general all of this information is also made available to everyone via the website, including links to allow everyone to easily cross-reference which user has made which edit.
Editing programs (such as JOSM and iD) can store further data in the database that may be relevant to your privacy. Please refer to the respective authors and distributors of the programs for more information. For example, iD and JOSM may add the language settings of your device to the metadata of each changeset and the make and operating system of the device may be visible from the transmitted version strings.
User 'home' location
If a user sets a home location then it will appear on the "nearby mappers" list for other people with a home location near the user's home location. This is an option on your account settings page.
Email Addresses
The registered email address for an OSM user account will never intentionally be published on the internet anywhere, shared with third party organisations, or revealed directly to other users. Email addresses will be used by the server to notify the user if another user has sent a message through the website, and for other system generated notifications.
Only
System Administrators
will have direct access to email address data associated with the OSM account. It may be used by these people to contact users directly about their edits or other OpenStreetMap-related issues.
Email addresses associated with wiki, forum and help site accounts are stored separately from the OSM user account data in the respective systems. These address are used for notifications and user-to-user communication (if enabled). These addresses are not publicly visible or shared with third parties, but may be visible to the administrators of the systems.
Note that some other types of
Accounts
used by developers/community do expose email address information more publicly (due to technical limitations of the software used, rather than policy decisions). The Trac system exposes your email address in plaintext on the page if the email address (rather than the display name) is used to login. The mailing list system exposes email addresses of people posting messages to everyone who receives the message, as well as in the archive web pages. If you want to post to the list, the system also requires you to register with your proper 'from' address, not a forwarding address.
Gravatar
The openstreetmap.org website supports the display of
Gravatars
, these are retrieved from gravatar.com by generating a globally unique key from your e-mail address. Our website software will check on the initial signup and on every email address change if you have a Gravatar for the new address and start displaying it if one exists. You can stop this behaviour by explicitly turning Gravatar support off in your account settings. You should be aware that, if a Gravatar is displayed, the key can be used to track your account over any website that has Gravatar support.
Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary posts
You are not required to fill out your profile or make diary posts. By voluntarily entering personal data in your user profile or diary posts, you consent to that information being publicly available and stored by OSMF as long as you maintain an OSM account. You may edit your public profile or your diary posts at any time to remove such information if you change your mind.
Personal data we receive automatically
The OSMF operates a number of services for the OpenStreetMap community, examples are the openstreetmap.org website, the "Standard" style online map, the OSM API and the nominatim search facility.
When you visit an OSMF website, access any of the services via a browser or via applications that utilize the provided APIs, records of that use are produced, we collect information about your browser or application and your interaction with our website, including (a) IP address, (b) browser and device type, (c) operating system, (d) referring web page, (e) the date and time of page visits, and (f) the pages accessed on our websites.
Further we may operate user interaction tracking software that will generate additional records of user activity, for example Piwik.
Additionally, OSMF may engage third party service providers to assist in the delivery of services to the OpenStreetMap community.  Those third party service providers may gather personal data in connection with the provision of services. For example, Content Distribution Networks (a “CDN”) may  use Geo-DNS or similar mechanisms to allocate load to geographically distributed servers and could potentially generate a record of your location at a large scale. See
Third party provided services and data
below
These records are used or can be used in the following ways:
in support of the operation of the services from a technical, security and planning point of view.
as anonymised, summarised data for research and other purposes. Such data may be offered publicly via
https://planet.openstreetmap.org
or other channels and used by 3rd parties.
to improve the OpenStreetMap dataset. For example by analysing nominatim queries for missing addresses and postcodes and providing such data to the OSM community.
The data collected on the systems will be accessible by the system administrators and the appropriate OSMF working groups, for example the Data Working Group. No personal information or information that is linked to an individual will be released to third parties, except except to the extent the third party is a service provider or as required by law. See
Third party provided services and data
below.
IP addresses stored by Piwik are shortened to two bytes and detailed usage information is retained for 180 days.
Given the temporary nature of this storage, it is generally not feasible for us to provide access to IP addresses or the logs associated with them.
The above mentioned data is processed on a legitimate interest basis (see
GDPR article 6.1f
).
Third party provided services and data
We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, we may hire companies to assist with protecting and securing our systems or services, increasing their efficiency, and to support the OSMF activities described herein.  For instance, OSMF recently engaged a CDN provider to allocate demand generated by OSM users efficiently across a global network.
Any vendor or agent that we retain must comply with our data privacy and security requirements and this privacy policy and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose other than to provide the services requested by OSMF. Like us, they will never barter, trade, or sell access to your personal data. We remain responsible and liable under data protection laws if third-party agents we engage to process personal data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Unrelated Third-Party-Providers of Services and Data
Some sites or services provided by OSMF may be linked with third party applications or websites that provide content or services that is unrelated to OSMF. Such third party applications or websites are not associated with OSMF and personal data collected by them is not covered by the terms of this privacy policy. You will need to refer to the respective third party provider of such content or services for more information about how they handle personal data collected by them. Using these services will typically transmit at least your Internet address and browser information to the operator.
Some such unrelated third-party providers are:
Cycle and Transport Map layers available via the openstreetmap.org website operated by
Gravitystorm Limited, New Malden, United Kingdom
Humanitarian map layer available via the openstreetmap.org website operated by the
OpenStreetMap France c/o Maison des Associations du 2ème Arrondissement, 23 rue Greneta, 75002 Paris
overpass-api used by the query function on the openstreetmap.org website operated by
FOSSGIS e.V., Römerweg 5, 79199 Kirchzarten, Germany
3rd party service integrations in editing applications available from openstreetmap.org:
background layers, see the
Editor Layer Index
for information on the operators of the numerous imagery layers.
iD Editor is an open source OpenStreetMap editor that is not operated by the OSMF.
Privacy Policy
.
Mapillary street-level imagery is provided by Mapillary AB, Bredgatan 4, 211 30 Malmö, Sweden.
Privacy Policy
.
KartaView street-level imagery is provided by Grab Taxi Holdings Pte. Ltd.
Privacy Policy
.
Gravatar images in user profiles that display these are provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd., Business Centre, No.1 Lower Mayor Street, International Financial Services Centre, Dublin 1, Ireland.
Privacy Policy
.
Communication via OSMF provided Systems
The OSM community uses a number of channels for public and inter-personal communication. Some of the systems are operated and controlled by third parties and can be located in countries other than the UK. You will need to refer to the respective service providers for more information.
These 3rd party operated systems are:
Mailboxes for the OSMF e-mail addresses are provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043. USA
IRC channels on the
OFTC network
openstreetmap Organisation and source code repositories on
Github
By using those systems that are provided by the OSMF, for example the messaging system on openstreetmap.org, you agree to your communications being intercepted by OSMF system managers when necessary to address operational issues, to enforce our acceptable use policies, most notably to prevent spam, and to fulfil any legal obligations.
You should be aware of the above when communicating sensitive information and you should employ encryption to protect your communications content.
Account Removal
You can
request your account to be removed
and we will honor such requests as far as possible.
If you have not actively contributed to the project we will not retain any records, user page, diary posts and similar will be removed.
If you have contributed your account will be renamed to user_
USERID
and contributions and changeset comments will be retained with this name, diary entries and your user page will be removed. Since we do not allow anonymous edits we will non-publicly retain your email address in case you need to be contacted with respect to your contributions.
Wiki and forum accounts will be renamed to a pseudo-anonymous name, but otherwise will remain as is. You can unsubscribe yourself from any mailing lists, however you need to realize that personal copies held by the recipients of any mails you sent to the lists and the archives on lists.openstreetmap.org cannot be removed.
In your request for account removal you need to identify all accounts that are affected as we do not have information on which accounts belong to which OpenStreetMap id.
Cookies
Numerous OSMF-operated services use cookies to store information on your login and site navigation state. We also use cookies and similar technologies to recognize and improve your use of our websites. You may delete cookies from your computer, and most browsers provide the option to block them. If you block cookies placed by us (first party cookies), you will not be able to access parts of the OSMF websites and services that require a login. However, your access to our websites will not be affected if you disable cookies placed by third parties.
Other Relevant Policies
As well as privacy issues, users and contributors must also be aware of the
OpenStreetMap License
. This includes
disclaimers
. We also have an
Acceptable Use Policy
covering various types of server usage.
Contact
If you have questions or concerns with respect to this policy, please contact the OSMF via our
Contact channels
.
If you believe that we hold information that would allow us to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate information about you or if you believe that information about you has been processed in violation of this privacy policy please email us at
privacy@osmfoundation.org
.  
Note that you may change your username, email associated with your account, and ‘home’ location through your account without contacting the OSMF.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI:
Skip to content
Google LLC
Active Participant
Other Covered Entities
Industries
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Other Covered Entities
See Purposes of Data Collection section for details on scope of cert
Industries
Information and Communications Technology
Information Technology Services
Participation
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/14/2023
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  4/18/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/22/2016
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
This certification applies to Google LLC and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries, including X (a division of Google LLC) and Chronicle LLC, and any other wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Google LLC to the extent of any current separate self-certification by such entity.  With respect to personal data other than human resources data: Data is processed for various purposes depending on the particular product or service being provided, including: sales and marketing to consumers and businesses; supplying services and products to consumers and businesses; operating, developing and improving services and products of Google and/or any of its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries identified below; personalizing services and products; financial processing and management; supplier, vendor and partner relationship management; fraud prevention, security, and protection of Google, its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries, and our users; compliance with applicable law and governmental, legislative and regulatory bodies; and customer support and relationship management. Data is disclosed to third parties as detailed in our relevant Privacy Policies, listed below, including: in situations in which we have consent, for external processing, with domain administrators, and for legal reasons. With respect to human resources data: Data is processed for various employment and legal purposes, including: recruitment and staffing; compensation, benefit programs and payroll; performance management and training; compliance and risk management; workplace management; protection against injury, theft, legal liability, fraud and abuse; and other business purposes. Data is disclosed to third parties as detailed in our relevant Privacy Policies, listed below, including for business-related and legal purposes.

We currently do not rely on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks and the UK Extension to transfer Swiss and UK personal information to the U.S..
Privacy Policy
HR Data
Google Employee Privacy Policy
Description:
Describes how Google collects and uses employee data. Available to employees on Google internal sites and services. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for Google Employee Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
HR and Non-HR Data
Document:
Actifio Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
BreezoMeter
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 10/1/2023
Document:
Dataform Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/11/2023
Document:
Elastifile Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Extended Workforce Privacy Privacy Policy
Description:
The Extended Workforce Privacy Policy explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Fitbit Privacy Policy
Description:
The Fitbit Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices for our devices, applications, software, websites, APIs, products, and services. The Privacy Policy covers the data we collect, how we use it, the controls we offer, and security measures we take.
Effective Date: 6/6/2023
Document:
Google Careers Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 8/31/2023
Document:
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy notice.
Effective Date: 8/21/2023
Document:
Google Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 7/1/2023
Document:
Google Registry Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Kaggle Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/15/2023
Document:
Looker Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/20/2023
Document:
Privacy Policy for Nest Websites
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Privacy Statement for Nest's Products and Services
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy statement.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Qwiklabs Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/14/2023
Document:
SecOps Privacy Notice
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/7/2023
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Google LLC at:
Keith Enright
Chief Privacy Officer
Google LLC
Google Data Protection Office
1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy
Mountain View, California  94043-1351
dpf-core-team@google.com
Phone:
(650) 253-0000
Fax: 650.618.1806
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Google LLC to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Google LLC regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission