PRIVACY
POLICY
This
Privacy Policy (“Policy”) provides important information regarding Wesam
alammouri
(ENC CO), Ltd (“Wesam
alammouri
(ENC CO),” “we,” or “our”) in respect to user information collected through our
mobile applications and the use of the information. You provide consent to this
Policy when your access and use Wesam
alammouri
(ENC
CO) applications (“Products”) and other related services (“Services”
) .
·
1. Personal and
non-personal information.
We understand the importance of our users’
personal information, and more importantly the information pertaining to
children under 13 years of age. We do not collect or require users to enter
their personal information when using our Products. We do not collect any
personal information from children with our Products.
When using our Products, we might read
non-personal information (such as internet, Wi-Fi availability, network
connection, wake lock, device status, internal and external storage
availability and usability) for the use of Product development and Service
improvement. The collection of information will be used for the development and
functional improvement of our Products to ensure quality user experience. We
only collect such information to the extent that allow us to conduct our normal
business operation and Products’ research and development.
Any information we received will be used
internally for the purpose of product development and to third parties
performing services on our behalf, who comply with our Privacy Policy. We will
not disclose your information publicly unless we have received your consent or
under government order.
·
2.COPPA
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect personal information on children
under the age of 13. When a user identifies himself or herself as a child under
the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not
collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal
information of such user.
·
3.Cookies.
When you visit our website, we may send
cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to
improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking
usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your
browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
·
4. Third party websites
and links.
We may provide links to our website or third
party websites. Our Privacy Policy will have no effect on any third party
websites’ privacy policy or their usage of personal information collected. Our
Privacy Policy as expressed herein does not apply to other parties, and we do
not dictate the collection or usage of information by them. We do not take part
in the operation of third party advertisers or websites. Please find the list
of third party companies below:
Umeng
TalkingData
AdsMOGO
AdMob
InMobi
Baidu
Tencent
·
5.
Amendments
.
We may amend our privacy policy from time to
time by posting the amended Policy on our website, without directly informing
our users.
Therefore
we encourage our users to review
this policy frequently. Wesam
alammouri
(ENC CO)
reserves all rights and interpretation to the Policy and its amendments.
·
6. Contact us.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding
this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at wammory@icloud.com
Wesam
alammouri
(ENC
CO),
wesam
alammouri
Egypt
-
Alexandria
Tel:+201097964820