Pick TV Application - Privacy Policy
At ATM Infonet Technologies Inc, the privacy of our users is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use the Pick TV application. ATM Infonet Technologies Inc, which operates the Pick TV application, recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about user of our application. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address or email address, is collected from users of the Pick TV application. We may collect certain non-personal information to optimize our application for your mobile device (i.e., the identity of your Internet browser, the type of operating system you use and the mobile device size).
Your Consent
By using the Pick TV application, you consent to our privacy policy.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Since we do not collect any personally identifiable information, we therefore will never distribute your personal information to outside parties.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPRA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone including children under 13 years of age.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Pick TV does use cookies to store information about users preferences.
Google and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
- Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on PICK TV.
- Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
- Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our application. Our advertising partner may include Google Adsense. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly the advertisements and links that appear on Pick TV. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. Pick TV has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Pick TV chooses its advertisers carefully. However, Pick TV is not responsible for the content or practices of its advertisers and business partners. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. PICK TV's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our
Terms of use
section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our application.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
Still have questions?
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to use this "
https://infonet.ca/picktv/support.htm
" link.
February 18th, 2021.