Corecircle's Privacy Policy
Last Updated October 16th, 2022
Hey fitness friend! Welcome to the website (the “
Site
”) of Corecircle, (“
Company
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”). Through our mobile application (the “
App
”), we allow users to create workouts, document fitness journey's and build meaningful friendships around fitness (such services, including
www.corecircle.com
(the “
Site
”) and the App, are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the “
Service
”).
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices.
Before using the Service or submitting any Personal Data to Company, please review this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions. By using the Service, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site or otherwise use the Service.
If you decide not to read this entire Privacy Policy, we want you to walk away with a few key points about Corecircle's privacy practices:
Our App is designed to allow you to document your fitness journey in a like-minded community.
We use personal information to provide our services, to communicate about existing and new Corecircle features with you, and to comply with our terms and applicable laws.
We do not sell personal information.
PERSONAL DATA WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession could be used to identify you (“
Personal Data
”) as follows:
Account data,
such as your first and last name, phone number, profile picture, user name, and other information you may choose to include in your profile/bio.
Your contacts’ phone numbers (if you choose to authorize this).
To help users connect with people they know, we offer them the option to invite friends to join them on Corecircle. To take advantage of this feature, users can opt in to share phone numbers from their address book or add phone numbers manually.
Usage:
We may choose to collect information about how you use our Service, such as the the workouts you complete, what muscles you target, features you use, actions you take, people or accounts you interact with, and the time, frequency, and duration of your use.
Internet Activity Data:
When you visit, use, and interact with the Service, we may receive certain information about your visit, use, or interactions. For example, we may monitor the number of people that visit the Service, peak hours of visits, which page(s) are visited, the domains our visitors come from (e.g.,
google.com
,
yahoo.com
, etc.), and which browsers people use to access the Service (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.), broad geographical information, and navigation patterns. In particular, the following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:
Log Data
: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site. Log Data includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, operating system, the date and time of your request, how you interacted with the Site, and how you interacted with mobile or email notifications.
Cookies Data:
Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies.
Device Data
: Includes name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.
Usage Data
: We collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.
Location Data
: We derive a rough estimate of your location from your IP address.
Email Open/Click Data:
We may use pixels in email campaigns that allow us to collect your email and IP address as well as the date and time you open an email or click on any links in the email.
Personal Data Collected from Third Parties/Publicly Available Sources:
Derived Data:
We may infer your preferences for content and features of the Service, or future products and services, based on the Personal Data we collect about you.
Cookies:
We may use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it. “Cookies” are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identifies your browser or device. Cookies can be stored on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it), and help recognize your computer or mobile device when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies).
Cookies and other technologies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited it before. These technologies can then be used to deliver products, services, and ads, help us understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your experience in using our services. If you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
Advertising networks may use cookies to collect Personal Data. Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources at
http://www.networkadvertising.org
and follow the opt-out instructions there.
If you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.
Analytics:
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Site. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Online Tracking and Do Not Track Signals
: We and our third party service providers may use cookies, pixels, or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site and use that information to send targeted advertisements. We make reasonable commercial efforts to recognize and support “Do Not Track” signals.
2.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide the Service;
To create your account, facilitate network connections, recommend workouts, and further personalize the Service for you;
To respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, or questions;
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Service and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
To analyze how you interact with our Service;
To maintain and improve the Service;
To develop new products and services;
To authenticate your account and keep it secure;
To enforce our Terms of Service;
To prevent spam, fraud, abuse, criminal activity, or misuses of our Service, and to ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks; and
To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or other third parties.
Aggregated Information.
We may aggregate Personal Data and use the aggregated information to analyze the effectiveness of our Service, to improve and add features to our Service, and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Service and share aggregated information like general user statistics with prospective business partners. We may collect aggregated information through the Service, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy.
3.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
Company does not sell your Personal Data. In certain circumstances we may share the categories of Personal Data described above without further notice to you, unless required by the law, with the following categories of third parties:
Vendors and Service Providers:
To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, cloud services, and other information technology services providers, event management services, email communication software and email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services, payment processors, customer relationship management and customer support services, and web analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us. We take commercially reasonable steps to ensure our service providers adhere to the security standards we apply to your Personal Data.
Business Transfers:
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a “Transaction”), your Personal Data and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements:
If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
Affiliates
: We may share Personal Data with our current and future affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Company. Our affiliates may use the Personal Data we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Other Users:
certain actions you take may be visible to other users of the Service. For example, when you upload profile photos or update information in your profile, other users will have access to this content and information.
4.
DATA RETENTION
We keep Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting, or other purposes), whichever is longer.
5.
UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
Please log in to your account or contact us (at help@nastyfit.com) if you need to change or correct your Personal Data, or if you wish to delete your account.
6.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS DISCLOSURES
Where provided for by law and subject to any applicable exceptions, California residents may have the right:
To know the categories of Personal Data that Company has collected about you, the business purpose for collecting your Personal Data, and the categories of sources from which the Personal Data was collected;
To access the specific pieces of Personal Data that Company has collected about you;
To know whether Company has disclosed your Personal Data for business purposes, the categories of Personal Data so disclosed, and the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your Personal Data;
To have Company, under certain circumstances, delete your Personal Data;
To opt out: we may share Identification Data and Internet Activity Data with social media platforms and other advertising partners that will use that information to serve you targeted advertisements on social media platforms and other third party websites – under certain regulations such sharing may be considered a “sale” of Personal Data; and
To be free from discrimination related to the exercise of these rights.
If you would like to exercise any or all of these rights, you may do so by contacting us at help@nastyfit.com. Your authorized agent may submit requests in the same manner. Once we receive your request, we will verify your identity by sending an email to the email address you provide to us.
Please contact us if you have questions about your rights or our disclosures under the CCPA, or to request access to an alternative format of this Privacy Policy.
7.
CHILDREN
Our Service is not directed to individuals who are under the age of 18. Company does not knowingly collect Personal Data from individuals under the age of 18. If you have reason to believe that an individual under the age of 18 has provided Personal Data to Company through the Service please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
8.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Company, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”). The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
9.
SECURITY
You use the Service at your own risk. We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Data both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Company via the Internet. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third party websites. Finally, we cannot control the actions of users on the platform, who may seek to use third party apps or devices to record, store, or share content or communication without other users' prior consent. Please keep this in mind when using the Service.
10.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
By using our Service, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Data will be transferred from your location to our facilities and servers in the United States, and where applicable, to the servers of the technology partners we use to provide our Service.
11.
YOUR CHOICES
In certain circumstances providing Personal Data is optional. However, if you choose not to provide Personal Data that is needed to use some features of our Service, you may be unable to use those features. You can also contact us to ask us to update or correct your Personal Data. You may also delete your account. Please note that we will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the account and certain activity generated prior to deletion may remain stored by us and may be shared with third parties as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
12.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Service and our business may change from time to time. As a result we may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Data after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.
13.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information practices, please feel free to contact us anytime via e-mail at
support@corecircle.com
Thank you,
— Corecircle Team
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps