PRIVACY POLICY
◆ Your privacy is important to us. Sometimes we need the information to provide better services as you requested, This privacy statement applies to our Developer Apps. ◆
◆ TERMS OF SERVICE ◆
This page is used to inform visitors/user's regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose our services for your personal/public use, then you have to agree with our privacy policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at all app by us unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
◆ DEFINITIONS ◆
➤ Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
➤ Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
➤ Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
◆ INFORMAATION COLLECTION & USE ◆
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that We request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
We may use personal information that submitted by you for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.
➤ Your Prior Permission
We are asking the prior permission for use your internal device things and fulfill the app functionality.
➤ Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
➤ Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
➤ Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyses our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies :
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service
Preference Cookies :
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies :
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
➤ Use of Data
Our app's
uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service.
To notify you about changes to our Service.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so.
To provide customer support.
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.
To monitor the usage of our Service.
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
◆ PERMISSION USE OF OUR SERVICES ◆
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content.
We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, device settings, device language and mobile network information). We will not share that information with third parties. Permissions in our app are the following:
➤ Access Network State
This permission is needed for checking if you are connected to the internet when you are exporting/importing in our App data to/from google drive.
➤ Internet
This permission is needed for exporting/importing in our App data to/from google drive.
➤ Read/Write External Storage
This permission is needed for writing to the external storage of your device when exporting in our App data to the device's internal storage.
◆ THIRD PARTY SERVICES ◆
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
➤ Google Play Services
➤ OneSignal & Firebase
➤ Google Admob
➤ AdChoice Facebook Ad
➤ StartApp Ad
◆ LOG DATA ◆
We want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app. We collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
◆ COOKIES ◆
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
◆ SERVICE PROVIDER ◆
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
➤ To facilitate our Service;
➤ To provide the Service on our behalf;
➤ To perform Service-related services; or
➤ To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Wewant to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
◆ SECURITY ◆
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
◆ COMMUNICATION & PAYMENT & LOCATION ◆
We never promote for an advance payment or for any further personal information to get hired faster or directly.
➤ User will be responsible for any advace payment.
➤ Without knowing the company detail do not share anything with them or do not going for an unknown location.
◆ LINKS TO OTHER SITES ◆
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
◆ APP | USER CONTENT ◆
All Content added, uploaded, submitted, distributed, posted to, or created using the Services by users (collectively "User Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent that any User Content you create using tools accessible on the services does not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third party and is otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.
◆ AVAILABLITY OF CONTENT ◆
We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Site or through the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit, modify, or block from the Services any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have breached the final sentence of the immediately foregoing paragraph), or for no reason at all.
◆ CHILDREN’S PRIVACY ◆
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that We will be able to do the necessary actions.
◆ CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY ◆
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
◆ DECLAIMER ◆
➤ While using our App You must Agree our Terms and Condition.
➤ All the copyright material credit goes to their Respected Owner, We have Just Provided a platform to you. If any Copyright issue or any Problem with this application kindly mail us at
Malickgudmundson@gmail.com
.
➤ We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any information offered by third-party websites linked through the site or any website or feature linked in any banner or other advertising. We will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.
➤ We announce that we are not promoting any of the sexual sites or sexual platform or sexual content or any other Social site or Social Application inside our application so that we are requesting to the user do not mislead through our Application Logo, Application Name and Application Screen shots.
➤ User will be responsible to misuse this app for download invalid content or invalid activity or any copyright content through our application.
◆ COPYRIGHT CONTENT REPORT ◆
➤ If anyone found that our app have contain any copyright content, You can able to report that content inside app or you can contact us on our support mail. Will remove that copyright content from our app.
◆ CONTAC US ◆
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.