Festival Post
This
 page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the 
collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone 
decided to use my Service.
If
 you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use 
of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that
 I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not 
use or share your information with anyone except as described in this 
Privacy Policy.
Trademark
Festival Post is registered trademark of
Corporate Enterprise
company located at 302, Harikrishna Arcade, Ambedkar Chowk, 150ft Ring Road, Rajkot.
Collection of Information
For
 a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to 
provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The 
information that I request will be retained on our system.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used 
to identify you.
Security
I
 value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are
 striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But 
remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of 
electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee 
its absolute security.
In
 order to ensure data security, we will in consideration of appropriate 
technical possibilities, en-sure that only authorized persons receive 
access to the data for legally permissible purposes, pro-tect stored or 
transmitted data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or 
unintended changes and unauthorized or unlawful storage or processing, 
unauthorized access or unauthorized or unlawful transmission, and comply
 with all applicable data protection provisions.
We
 also recommend that you take additional steps towards protecting 
yourself and your infor-mation, such as keeping your login information 
and passwords secret, and making sure you regu-larly update the software
 and apps you've downloaded.
Transfer of data
I
 want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an 
error in the app I collect data and information (through third party 
products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include 
information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device
 name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when 
utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and 
other statistics.
Children's Information
Another
 part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the 
internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in,
 and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Festival
 Post does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information 
from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided
 this kind of information on our app, we strongly encourage you to 
contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly 
remove such information from our records.
Marketing
We
 will use the information associated with you to be able to deliver our 
services in the Application. Furthermore, we may use the information to
 send you offer or newsletters and for marketing purpose if you have agreed 
hereto according to applicable local law.
Change of Privacy Policy
We
 are allowed to change this Privacy Policy at any time, and we advise 
you to review the Privacy Policy from time to time. In case of major 
changes in the content of this Privacy Policy, you will be informed 
about the changes and asked to agree hereto.
Opt-out from data collection and inquiries
As
 a user, you may opt-out of all information collection by discontinuing 
your use of the Application or by disabling individual parts of the App 
    or by informing us by e-mail:
info.festivalpost@gmail.com
Questions,
 comments and inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy and the personal 
data we have stored and processed about you are welcomed and should be 
addressed to
info.festivalpost@gmail.com
.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access: You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The
 right to rectification: You have the right to request that we correct 
any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to 
request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure: You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The
 right to restrict processing: You have the right to request that we 
restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The
 right to object to processing: You have the right to object to our 
processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The
 right to data portability: You have the right to request that we 
transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or 
directly to you, under certain conditions.
If
 you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would 
like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Governing law
This
 Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
India law. In the event that any of the provisions of this Privacy 
Policy should become ineffective, invalid or unenforceable, this shall 
not affect the effectiveness, validity and enforceability of the 
remaining provisions. In the event of the ineffectiveness, invalidity or
 un-enforceability of any of these provisions you agree that we may 
substitute such by an effective, valid and enforceable provision which 
is, in its legal result, as close as possible to the ineffective, 
invalid or unenforceable provision.
Last update: 30
/05/2020