Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: January 16, 2024
We respect your privacy and therefore appreciate your trust and confidence in us.
This Privacy Policy explains, how we collect and process your personal data, when you use the software programs "New match show", “LOVERZ”, “LOVE STORIES”, "LEARN WITH MILAO", “BABY AT HOME”, “BOTTLE MATCH ”(“the Game”) that is licensed to you by FANNIN HOLDINGS LTD (“the Licensor”).
Please read it carefully, because it is important for you to understand what we do with your information and how you can control it.
For what purposes do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data in order to provide you with our services connected to the Game, as well as to contact you if we need to.
We also process your personal data to collect Game analytics. For more information, please, check “Analytics” section.
In addition we process your personal data to collect Game statistics, which we use for further development of the Game. Such data helps us to develop new features and add them to the Games, fix Game errors, as well as analyze users’ interests and needs, technical issues of Game functioning, etc. Processing personal data for collecting and analyzing statistics helps us make your Game experience more personal and smooth.
Also we process your personal data to provide you with advertisements, which have been tailored to meet your interests with the help of our partners. For more information, please, check “Advertising” section.
We do NOT process your personal data in order to sell it.
In any case we may process your personal data, if we are obliged to do so by applicable laws. We may also process your personal data, in case we are entitled to do so by the applicable data protection laws without obtaining your consent.
On what legal basis do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data on the basis of performance of contract’s obligations and, in certain cases, on the basis of your consent to such processing to ensure the security and improvement of our services, to monitor the success of our marketing/ads programs, to ensure the security of transactions within the Game, etc.
What data do we process?
1.
your Game ID (identification number).
2. your platform ID (identification number), such as such as Game Center ID
3.
your location data. These data may contain information about your IP address, state and city of your location
4.
your device information. These data include the operation system of your device and the version of the Game you use, your device ID (identification number), device language, brand and model of your device.
5.
information about your in-game purchases, such as a payment identification number, the type and amount of a product, as well as the price in your local currency. We never collect or process any payment information, such as bank card number, its validity term, your name as written on a bank card, etc
6.
information about in-game events, such as your achievements within the Game, completed Game levels and actions taken within the Game, etc.;
7.
information you provide to us when addressing our help&support team or communicate with us through our official communities in social networks
8.
information about your network provider, browser type, language, the version of the Game, your mobile advertising identifiers (Apple IDFA), device IP address and network connection type
Finally, we may process information about you, which is made available to us by any of our partners, provided that such partner is entitled to share such information with us.
Do we provide third parties with your personal data?
Yes. For the purposes of analytics and advertising, we use services and solutions provided by third parties. Such parties process these data on our behalf and the respective technical solutions represent a part of the Game. Any transfer of your personal data to any of our partners is made, provided that such third parties comply with applicable personal data protection laws, including, but not limited to, General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679. Any transfer of your personal data to a third party is based on an agreement with such third party, and we make sure such a third party complies with the applicable data protection regulations, unless we are entitled by applicable data protection laws to transfer personal data without a written agreement (for example, if you have given you consent to such third party to obtain your personal data from us).
In certain cases we may transfer information about you to other third parties (for example, independent personal data controllers), if we are obliged or allowed to do so by applicable laws. If it is the case, we transfer such information while adhering to applicable personal data protection laws, including, but not limited to, General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
How long do we process your personal data?
We process all the data we collect for as long as you use the Game and 30 months after you stop using the Game. If you do not use the Game for 30 continuous months, we erase your personal data from our data base, as well as request the same erasure from any third parties whom your data may have been transferred to. We may erase your personal data earlier if we do not need to process such data anymore.
Do we process any personal data of children?
We do not use the Game to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 18. If you believe that we process personal data of a child below 18 years old, please, contact us and we will make all reasonable efforts to stop processing such data and erase it as soon as possible.
What rights do you have with regard to your personal data?
You enjoy the rights provided to you by the Legislation and other applicable legislative acts having transborder effect. Under the applicable data protection regulation, if you are a citizen of the EU and fall within the scope of a data subject, you are entitled to the following rights: right of access, right to rectification (correction), right to erasure (deletion), right to object, right to withdraw consent, right to data portability, right to restriction of processing.
Right of access
You have the right to access your personal data, which we process. In order to access your personal data, please, send us a message describing your request through our help&support service within the Game.
Right of rectification (correction)
You have the right to ask us to replace any inaccurate data about you with accurate data. If you think that the data we process are incomplete for the purpose of processing as stated in this Privacy Policy, you may ask us to complete your personal data accordingly. In order to have your personal data rectified, please, send us a message describing your request through our help&support service within the Game.
Right to erasure (deletion)
You have the right to ask us to completely delete your personal data. In order to have your personal data erased (deleted), please, send us a message describing your request through our help&support service within the Game. Please, be informed that we will not erase your Game ID, as we need to keep it for our internal records. However, we will erase all data that may help us identify you; therefore, your Game ID will not be considered personal data anymore.
Right to object
You have the right to object to processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing. In order to do so, please, adjust the privacy settings of your device.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent for personal data processing. Any withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. In order to withdraw your consent, please, send us a message describing your request through our help&support service within the Game.
Right to data portability
You have the right to ask us to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller. In order to have your personal data transferred to you, please, send us a message describing your request through our help&support service within the Game.
Right to restriction of processing
Please, be informed that this right may be exercised only in a situation set forth in Article 18 of General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679. In order to restrict processing of your personal data, please, send us a message describing your request and stating the basis of restriction through our help&support service within the Game.
California State Residents Rights
If you are a resident of state California, USA, you are entitled to the following rights: the right to know what personal information is being collected about you; the right to know whether your personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom; the right to say no to the sale of personal information; the right to access your personal information; the right of equal service and price, even if you exercise your privacy rights.
Also, being a resident of state California, USA, you have the following rights:
to request deletion any personal information about you;
to request disclosure of the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you;
to request disclosure to you the following: the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which the personal information have been collected; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of personal information that we sold about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
The Licensor shall not discriminate against you because you exercised any of the state California, USA, consumer rights, including, but not limited to, by:
denying goods or services to the consumer;
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer;
suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
If you have any concerns regarding your privacy, you can exercise the abovementioned rights by contacting us team @ fannin.games
ATTENTION
Please, note that after deletion of your personal data all your in-game achievements (including in-game goods) may be still available to you in incognito mode. Full deletion of your personal data (including your in-game achievements) may be performed on separate request. Deletion of personal data is irreversible. You will not have a chance of restoring your personal data.
We also draw your attention to the fact that processing your personal data (except for data that we use together with our partners to serve advertisements to you) is necessary to provide you with the Game and services that are connected to the Game. If you choose to withdraw your consent, you may have to stop using the Game.
It is important that you submit your requests using our help&support service within the Game. Obtaining a request sent directly from within the Game makes us sure that such a request comes from the user.
Advertising
We show advertisements in our Game with the help of third-party advertising partners. We integrate their technologies into our Game, which are then used by our partners to select the advertisements that meet your interests in the best way. Processing data for advertising purposes is based on your consent to such processing. If you do not want to receive targeted advertisements, please, adjust settings of your device.
Analytics
In order to analyze various aspects of Game functioning, we need to collect and process certain information with regard to your interaction with the Game. Such information includes your location data, information about your device and advertising data. It may also comprise information about errors of the Game functioning. For this purpose we use technologies and solutions provided by third parties – our analytical partners. We integrate such technologies into the Game and our partners process the data on our behalf to provide us with analytics.
You can learn about our partners' terms and conditions of personal data use at the following links:
Apple privacy policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Processing data for analytical purposes is based on a legitimate interest of the Licensor – analyzing data about the Game for commercial purposes. Analytics helps us to provide better services to users, update and develop our Game. For example, we may use such information in order to fix Game errors, evaluate demographic composition of our users, determine what features to add to the Game or whether we need to translate the Game into another language.
Contact Us
In case you have any questions with regard to this Privacy Policy, please, contact us via email at team @ fannin.games  or via regular post at the address stated below, and we will get back to you as soon as practically possible. Should you send us a request with regard to exercising any of your rights stated in unit 8 of this Privacy Policy
(“What rights do you have with regard to your personal data?”
), we will ask you to re-send the request using our help&support service within the Game. Please note that for the exercise of some of your data subject rights, we might be requested by law to verify your identity.
The controller of your personal data is FANNIN HOLDINGS LTD., a company duly incorporated in the Republic of Cyprus at the address: Grigori Afxentiou & Charalambou Mouskou Corner, ABC Business Centre, Paphos, Cyprus.
This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.
Decline
Accept
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account