PRIVACY POLICY
Updated 27.12.2023
By installing, using, registering, or otherwise accessing our
          services, you agree to this privacy policy and provide informed and
          explicit consent to the processing of your personal information
          according to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this
          privacy policy, please do not install, use, register or otherwise
          access our services.
This Privacy Policy is designed to inform you about how we collect,
          store, use and manage information that you provide to us, the Innowise
          Group (VOKA 3D Anatomy & Pathology) website (the “Site”) or in connection with
          the use of VOKA 3D Anatomy & Pathology applications (hereinafter referred to as the
          "application"). The site, the application are collectively the
          "Service". Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is
          limited only to information collected by Innowise Group through your
          use of the Service. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the
          practices of third parties to which Innowise Group does not belong.
INFORMATION COLLECTED USING THE SERVICE
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
SAFETY
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
            CORRECTION OR REMOVAL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
HOW THE DATA WILL BE USED
OUR BUSINESS, MARKETING, COMMUNICATION, RESEARCH AND ANALYTICS
            PARTNERS
CHILDREN
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED USING THE SERVICE
If you contact us by email (for example, contact support), we will
              collect your username and email address, as well as any other
              content included in the email, in order to prepare a response for
              you. We may use your personal information provided in your
              messages to contact and respond to you.
In addition, in our application, we may collect the following
              information depending on your choice:
E-mail;
First name;
Last name;
Phone number;
Link to the social network account;
Country;
City;
Type of activity(predefined list);
Speciality;
Position;
Professional experience.
1.1. The type of data we may collect for platforms such as Google
              Play, App Store
READ PHONE STATE (Phone, receiving phone status information):
                  getting a device identifier for analytics.
CAMERA.
1.2. Service usage information that we collect automatically
When you use the Service, we may record information about it
                  and we may collect other information, displayed on your social
                  media page, Platform as a Service ("PaaS"), site account
                  (account) in accordance with the relevant terms of use, linked
                  to this page.
The service will also store session information such as the
                  duration of the session in the application and other events.
We collect mobile device identifiers, including a Media Access
                  Control (MAC) address and possibly an IP address, if you use
                  the Service on your mobile phone or other mobile device,
                  including iPads and tablets. We will create and assign your
                  device an ID similar to your account number. We may collect
                  the name that you associated with your device, device type,
                  phone number, country and any other information you wish to
                  provide, such as username, general location (based on your
                  Internet Protocol - "IP" address) or E-mail address. This
                  information is useful for troubleshooting purposes and helps
                  us understand usage trends.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not share
                  this information with third parties. If you no longer wish to
                  allow us to track or use this information, you can turn it off
                  at the device level. Please note that the app may not work as
                  expected.
1.2.1. Purchase information
When you pay for products offered for purchase via the
                  Service, our payment processing service provider may also
                  store information (billing address, payment method
                  information) so that you can purchase additional services via
                  our Service without rewriting it every time. We do not
                  directly access or store your payment method information, and
                  we will not use your payment information that we collect,
                  unless it is necessary for your purchase and / or
                  communication with you in relation to your transaction.
1.2.2. Third-party information
When you use any Service, we may collect and record
                  information that you voluntarily provide to us through a
                  social networking website via your mobile device platform,
                  according to their policies and terms.
If you access a group of our Service using a platform such as
                  Facebook, we may ask you to grant us permission to access and
                  collect basic social media information (including profile
                  picture, gender, networks, users IDs, friends list, date of
                  birth, e-mail address and any other public information) for
                  marketing purposes. In addition, we can request publish rights
                  so that the user can share screenshots of the application on
                  their page or post application events. We may request access
                  to albums for similar purposes (posting screenshots of
                  applications). If you provide access to this information, then
                  you must understand that we will gain access to this
                  information, even if you subsequently decide to remove this
                  information from public access.
You can also enter our Service using other third-party
                  Platform Services (PaaS) such as Google, Apple. We recommend
                  that you review the privacy policies of the third party
                  platforms that you use to sign in to your accounts to
                  understand how these third parties use and disclose your
                  information. We have no control over how any third party
                  platform uses or discloses the personal information collected
                  from you.
If you access our Service using Google, Apple and similar PaaS
                  by logging in, you provide us with access to your profile
                  information, which may include information such as your
                  username, location, email address, birthday and any
                  demographic information.
2. THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Please note that third party partners / providers, such as
              analytics companies or companies that provide advertisements on
              our application or Service, may also use cookies or other
              technologies. Each of these partners / providers have their own
              privacy policies.
We use mobile analytics software so that we can better understand
              the functionality of our mobile software on your device. This
              software can record information such as how often you use the
              application, events that occur in the application, aggregated
              usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded
              from. We do not link the information stored in the analytics
              software to any personal information that you submit in the mobile
              application.
Our Service may contain third party tracking tools from our
              service providers. These third parties may use cookies, APIs and
              SDKs in our Services so that they can collect and analyze user
              information on our behalf. Third parties may have access to
              information such as your device ID, MAC address, geographic
              location and IP address in order to provide these providers'
              services according to their privacy policies. This Privacy Policy
              does not apply to the use of third party tracking tools. We have
              no access or control over these third parties.
We may share your information with third party companies that
              perform services on our behalf, including payment processing,
              order fulfillment, data analysis, marketing services, email
              companies, hosting services, and customer services. These
              companies may access your personal information and must use it
              solely to provide the requested service to us.
In course of negotiations, we may disclose your information to
              another entity, for the acquisition or merger, sale or transfer of
              a business unit or assets, bankruptcy, or any other similar
              transfer of business.
We may use and share with third party advertisers (and other third
              parties) certain technical information and other non-personal
              information in order to display general demographic and privileged
              information among Innowise Group users. We may also allow
              advertisers to collect technical information and other
              non-personal information that they may provide to us using
              tracking technologies such as cookies and web beacons. The
              collected information may be used to offer you targeted
              advertising, to personalize your user experience, increasing the
              probability that you will like ads for products and services of
              interest, a practice known as behavioral advertising, and for web
              analytics (i.e. for traffic analysis and other end-user actions to
              improve your experience).
Information about our users is an integral part of our business.
              We share your personal information only in accordance with the
              provisions of this Privacy Policy.
3. STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The personal information we collect, as described in this Privacy
              Policy, is stored on servers in the EU. You expressly agree that
              your personal information is stored and processed in these
              countries.
3.1. Data storage period
We will keep your information for as long as we need your data
                  to enable you to use the Service. As a rule, this data is
                  stored for no more than 5 years.
4. SAFETY
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical, physical,
              managerial and organizational measures to protect your personal
              information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access,
              use, alteration, or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that
              unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome these
              security measures or use, disclose or modify your personal
              information for inappropriate purposes.
To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must
              take reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of your
              mobile device and not disclose it to any other person. You confirm
              that you provide your personal information at your own risk. You
              are also responsible for any use of the Service by anyone using
              your mobile device.
You are responsible for controlling access to your electronic
              communications or other means of information exchange through the
              PaaS social media platforms at all times.
5. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
            CORRECTION OR REMOVAL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can change or delete any personal information by changing the
              relevant information found in your account. However, by deleting
              all this information, your account may be deactivated.
In certain territories (including the EU), you also have the legal
              right to require processing restrictions, to object to processing,
              and the right to data portability. However, these rights are
              conditional and may not always apply.
You have the right to withdraw your consent, based on which we
              process your personal information, at any time by closing your
              account or otherwise by clearly indicating your withdrawal of
              consent. However, this does not affect our lawful processing based
              on your consent prior to this withdrawal.
5.1. Right of access and right to data portability
You have the right to know what information we hold about you
                  and, in some cases, to provide you with information related to
                  you. You also have the right, in some cases, to request your
                  personal information so that the data provided to you can be
                  transferred to another data controller.
5.2. The right to correct personal information
If you believe that any information we hold about you is
                  incorrect, please let us know.
5.3. Data deletion
If you would like any information about you to be removed,
please contact us:
info@voka.io
.
                  Please note that in order to process your request, you must
                  remove the application from your mobile devices and stop using
                  the Services. Where we delete personal information about you,
                  we may retain that or any other information for other
                  purposes, such as maintaining financial records, protecting or
                  enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing ban lists, or
                  for technical reasons such as maintaining technical security
                  or integrity of our database.
6. HOW THE DATA WILL BE USED
We need the above-mentioned personal information for the purposes
              described in this Privacy Policy, and failure to provide this
              information will affect our ability to provide you with the
              Service. The main task of Innowise Group in collecting user
              information is to provide and improve the Service and provide
              users with the ability to easily manage and use the Service. This
              includes sending you e-mails related to the Service, which you can
              unsubscribe from at any time using the instructions in such
              messages.
In addition, we may use your information for the following
              purposes:
6.1. Providing and improving of our Services.
To provide and maintain the Service; improve the Service;
                  develop new features, products or services; for user
                  authentication; perform technical operations such as updating
                  software; to verify our users and ensure their qualifications
                  when using the Service; and for other customer service and
                  support purposes.
6.2. Marketing and communications
To communicate with you, via e-mail or push notifications,
                  about your account and Service usage, including providing
                  updates to the Services and products; to respond to your
                  inquiries; to provide you with news and newsletters, special
                  offers, promotions and other information that we think may be
                  interesting to you; and for other informational, marketing or
                  advertising purposes.
6.3. Research and analytics
To analyze how you interact with the Service; to monitor and
                  analyze trends in usage and activity; and for other research,
                  analytical and statistical purposes.
6.4. Protection of rights and interests
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Innowise Group,
                  the Service, any third party, or the general public; to
                  identify, prevent or otherwise correct fraud, security
                  breaches or technical problems; to prevent or terminate
                  activities that Innowise Group, in its sole discretion, may
                  consider or perceive to be illegal, unethical or legally
                  invalid; to use it as evidence in a lawsuit; and to ensure
                  compliance with this Privacy Policy and our User Agreement.
6.5. Compliance with legal regulations
To comply with applicable law or regulation obligations,
                  including litigation; to respond to a subpoena, warrant, court
                  order, or other legal process; or as part of investigation or
                  request from law enforcement or government agencies.
7. OUR BUSINESS, MARKETING, COMMUNICATION, RESEARCH AND ANALYTICS
            PARTNERS
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection of your
              information by our partners. We encourage you to read our
              partners' privacy policies for more information.
Sketchfab -
click to read more;
Firebase, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Google analytics -
click to read more.
7.1. Ad IDs
Our partners and we may use ad IDs. We use ad IDs, cookies and
                  similar technologies to provide our services to you and to
                  collect data from your device. These technologies allow our
                  third-party advertising partners and us to: recognize you and
                  your device; deliver interest-based advertising; allow our
                  Services to interact with a third party social network or
                  platform (where you choose to allow such interaction);
                  understand how you interact with our website (e.g., where we
                  use cookies, such as Google Analytics cookies on our sites);
                  let our payment services to process your payment instructions;
                  provide you with more personalized services, for example, to
                  provide our Services in the correct language.
Ad IDs are non-persistent, non-personal identifiers, such as
                  Android Advertising ID and / or Apple ID for Advertising
                  (“IDFA”), that are uniquely associated with your device.
                  Similar technologies include pixel tracking in ads. These
                  technologies enable companies (including marketers and
                  advertisers) to recognize your device when using websites and
                  applications.
Cookies are small text files stored by the browser on your
                  desktop computer or mobile device. You can revoke your consent
                  to cookies by updating the settings in your browser.
Check out examples of how you can manage these advertisements:
Apple ads -
click for details;
Google ads -
click for details.
Please note, that by managing your ad settings, you will still
                  receive ads, but they will become less personalized.
7.1.1. Cookies
We may use cookies on our Service. We use cookies for a
                      variety of reasons, including: (l) to analyze the use of
                      our Service; (ll) to provide more personalized experience;
                      (lll) to manage advertising; (IV) to allow you to enter
                      our Service more conveniently; (V) to help you to make
                      your use of our Service more effective and valuable by
                      providing you with a personalized experience and
                      recognizing you when you return.
Check out examples of how you can manage cookies in
                      browsers:
Chrome -
click for details;
Firefox -
click for details;
Opera -
click for details.
However, you may not be able to use some or all of the
                      features of the Service if you opt out or disable cookies.
8. CHILDREN
Our Services are not targeted and we do not deliberately collect
              personal information from children under 16. If we learn that we
              have collected personal information about a child under 16, we
              will take all reasonable steps to remove the information. If you
              become aware that your child has provided us with personal
              information without your consent, please contact us.
9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Privacy Policy when using personal data governs the use of
              personal data. If we make changes to how we use personal
              information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our
              Service or by sending you an email. If you do not accept our
              amended Privacy Policy, you must immediately stop using the
              Service.
If you have questions about the security of our services, please
              do not hesitate to contact us at:
info@voka.io
.
Effective Date: 01.02.2021