Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Last modified: January 2025
Introduction.
(“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy policy (“Privacy policy”) explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when you install and/or use this software application for mobile devices (the “App”, “our App”).
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the App (“Users”).
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless otherwise stated.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
Information we process
There are several categories of information that can be processed.
Functional Information
We ask for and process the following personal information when you use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us. Without such information it is impossible to provide complete functionality of the App and perform the requested services.
Activity Information
directly related to your use of the App. After you set the relevant settings on your device, we may have technical access to camera roll - to analyze the document info (file format, number of pages, etc) and available instruments for document editing. However, we cannot collect, store or use the data contained in your contact list or camera roll.
All files that might be processed are stored locally on your device and/or in your iCloud storage, they are inaccessible to us. Only you can share files to certain party by exporting them through the App.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
When you use the App, some information about your device and your user behaviour may be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal, i.e. it does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual, and we may access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the grounds of our legitimate interest in improving our App and giving our users the best experience. If we do not access such data, we may not be able to provide you with all the features of the App.
We use third-party automatic data processing technologies to analyze certain information sent by your device via our App (advertising or analytics tools). Some of them launch automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, which means any form of automated processing of personal data used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning your personal preferences, interests, behavior, location or movements (see the list of data described below). Processing information through automatic data processing technologies starts automatically when you first time launch the App.
Device Details. When you use a mobile device (tablet / phone / smartwatch) to access our App, some of details about your device are reported, including “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device (but not your personality). Device identifier enables generalized reporting or personalized content and ads by the third parties.
What data can be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of your device, type of operating system and its version, model and manufacturer, screen size, screen density, orientation, audio volume and battery, device memory usage.
Information about the internet connection: mobile carrier, network provider, network type, IP address, timestamp and duration of sessions, speed, browser.
Location-related information: IP address, the country code/ region/ state/ city associated with your SIM card or your device, language setting, time zone, neighboring commercial points of interest (eg. “coffee shop”).
Device identifiers: Identity For Advertisers for iOs devices/ Advertising ID or Android ID for Android devices, user identifiers (if they are set up by the App’s developer).
Information about the applications.
Name, API key (identifier for application), version, properties of our App can be reported for automated processing and analysis.
Log file information.
Log file information is automatically reported each time you make a request to access the App. It can also be provided when the App is installed on your device. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including time and date when you start and stop using the App, and how you interact with the App.
Ad-related information.
The following data might be reported about the ads you can view: the date and time a particular ad is served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or if it was shown as a “conversion” event; what the ad offer is about; what type of ad it is (e.g., text, image, or video); which ad placement is involved (where the ad offer is displayed within the App); whether you respond to the ad.
Information provided automatically to advertising or analytics tools does not generally come to our control, therefore we cannot be responsible for processing such information. Please mind that some services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your device by using technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility. We do not control, supervise or stand surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that might be collected by their own means (not through our App). Any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information should be directed to such third parties (see Section 4).
The purposes of processing your personal data
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the following purposes:
(a)
To make our service available.
We use information that you submit and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services.
(b)
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App.
We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.
(c)
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We may use information that is processed automatically for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise, we will let you know we will start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
Sharing of your information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy policy. We adhere to the U.S. Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for the Mobile Environment.
Please note that while integrating external services we choose third parties that can assure they apply all necessary technical and organizational measures to protect user personal data. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted from us to any such third party. We are not responsible for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties, but we may share your information from tools like log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
In case you want to learn more about these services and their privacy options (including opt-out), please consult the correspondent websites and privacy policies. We are not responsible for any usage of your personal data by the above-mentioned third parties in violation of our instructions.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites / services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for objective reasons, due to the public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our App of any change in ownership or your personal information usage, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Exercising your rights
Applicable data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information. You have the following options in relation to your personal information that was collected:
Data Access and Portability.
You can request copies of your personal information.
Change or Correct Data.
Where you cannot update data by yourself through your account, you have the right to ask to correct change, update or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion.
The user data is generally retained for as long as your user profile is in existence or as it is needed to provide the relevant services. However, specific retention times can vary based on context of the processing performed. You have the right to ask to delete all or some of the personal data that is held about you.
Restriction of Processing.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to limit the ways in which your personal information is used.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about security of our App, you can contact us at through the email displayed below.
Changes to privacy policy
This privacy policy is updated regularly.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via （shandianqingli@gmail.com）
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it