Our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Icongraph, Icon Designer,
Logo 7
are
Logo King
software creations and properties of Frosby Designs Ltd, a UK registered company.
Icongraph, Icon Designer, Logo 7 and Logo King – Terms of Usage
Allowed use
You may use Icongraph, Icon Designer, Logo 7 and Logo king to create infographics, designs and logos for personal and commercial use for anything you like.
Prohibited Use
You
may not resell
or distribute
either for free or for sale, any of the logos, designs, icons or photo backgrounds made with the apps.
Copyright
You may own the copyright of your combined creation made with app, where a combination of fonts, icons and photographic background elements make up a new image.
Individual elements such as fonts, icons and photos belong to their respective copyright owners. These apps have taken great care to use Royalty free and Creative Commons design assets. If you believe your copyright has been infringed in error please contact us.
iOS In-App purchase Terms of Use
Logo 7 and the Icongraph iOS app (version 1.1 and above) contain Pro Upgrade and Design Template ‘Packs’ which are purchasable with Apple’s In-App Purchase.
In-app purchases are purchased from and billed by Apple iTunes, not Icongraph.com. These In-app purchases are subject to the terms and conditions of Apple iTunes.
iOS Subscription Terms of Use (Icongraph Subscription is discontinued from V1.1 onwards)
Icongraph subscriptions made on iOS devices can be managed in Account Settings in iTunes after purchase, and auto-renewal can be turned off. Once purchased, refunds will not be provided for any unused portion of the term.
• The Icongraph Monthly Subscription time period is 1 month. Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
• Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
• Your iTunes account will be charged £2.99 or equivalent in foreign currency for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
• Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your Account Settings after purchase.
• Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when you purchase a subscription to Icongraph Monthly Subscription.
To cancel your subscription, please visit Apple’s guide
here
.
Privacy Policy
Data collection in the Icongraph, Icon Designer and Logo 7 apps.
• We
do not
directly collect or store any customer data through the apps listed above.
• We
do not
sell or share any user data.
• We have in the past used mobile analytics software to collect usage information, and this is used to improve the app by learning about which parts of the app are most popular for example. Currently we are no longer using analytics.
Email addresses
• If you contact us through icongraph.com, we will not save, share or sell your email address.
• We aim to reply to your request within 3 working days.
Last updated on 2nd April 2021