Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 27, 2023
This privacy policy applies to the EZ Link app and associated connected toys, owned and operated by
                KIDdesigns, Inc.
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your
                information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects
                You.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
                The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or
                in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party,
                        where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other
                        securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any
                        electronic device, named EZ Link Setup
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to
                        KIDdesigns Inc., 1299 Main Street (and any Affiliates).
Country
refers to: New Jersey, United States
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service
refers to the Application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the
                        Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate
                        the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the
                        Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on
                        behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Our Service does not collect, store, or use any of your Personal Data.
Children's Privacy
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
KIDdesigns, Inc. is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor certification Program
                (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the certification
                page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization
                committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA safe
                harbor certification Seal posted on this page indicates KIDdesigns, Inc. has established COPPA compliant
                privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution
                process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at (732)
                382-1760 or privacy@kiddesigns.com. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can
                contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. We
                ask users to provide their date of birth their first time using the app. We do not store this information
                and use it to help filter access to the streaming services available in the app.
If you contact us for help or any feedback, we will collect your email address in order to respond to you.
                Once we have replied we will delete your email and any personal information that you may have
                included in your request. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided
                Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data
                from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that
                information from Our servers. If you have any questions about our privacy practices please contact us at
contact@support.ekids.com
.
Links to Other Websites or Mobile Applications
Our Service may contain links to other websites or mobile applications that are not operated by Us. If
                You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site or mobile application. We
                strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site or mobile application You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of
                any third party sites or services.
The app allows access to the following streaming providers. Please use the links below to visit their
                privacy policies
The streaming services available for children 12 years and under have certain restrictions in place or
                require parental consent. These are listed below.
Spotify Kids:
https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/kids-privacy-policy/
Apple Music:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-music/
iHeart Radio Family:
https://www.iheart.com/content/privacy-and-cookie-notice/
Deezer Family:
https://statics-music-analytics.deezer.com/extra/privacypolicy
In addition to the above, the streaming services available for users 16 and older are:
Spotify:
https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/
Apple Music:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-music/
YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Pandora:
https://www.pandora.com/privacy
In addition to the above, the streaming services available for children 18 years+ are:
SoundCloud:
https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy
VEVO:
https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy
Napster:
https://www.napster.com/ca/privacy/
Tidal:
https://tidal.com/privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the
                new Privacy Policy on this page.
If we make a material change to this policy that affects the collection and use of your personal
                information, We will let You know via a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming
                effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we have your contact
                details we will notify you by email prior to making the change.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy
                are effective when they are posted on this page.
Security
EZ Link uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards to keep the data it collects secure.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By phone number:
888-867-8697
By mail:
1299 Main Street, Rahway, NJ 07065
By email:
contact@support.ekids.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/kids-privacy-policy/:
Legal
Terms and Conditions of Use
Intellectual Property Policy
Privacy Policy
User Guidelines
Paid Subscription Terms
Spotify Kids Privacy Policy
Effective as of 1 September 2021
About this Policy
Parental controls and security
Personal data we collect about you and your child
Our purpose for using your personal data
Sharing your child's personal data
Data retention and deletion
Transfer to other countries
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
1. About this Policy
This Policy describes how we process your and your child's personal data when using Spotify Kids. The aim of this Policy is to explain how Spotify gives your child a great experience when using Spotify Kids, and in particular to:
Ensure that you understand what personal data we collect about you and your child when using Spotify Kids, the reasons why we collect and use it, and who we share it with;
Explain the additional privacy and security measures and controls we have implemented for Spotify Kids in order to provide a good environment for your child; and
Explain the available rights and choices in relation to the personal data we collect and process about you and your child when using Spotify Kids, and how we will protect the privacy of your child.
This information can also be found in our
Kids resource
, designed to be understood by the older children using Spotify Kids.
The
Spotify® Premium for Family Terms and Conditions
is a separate document outlining the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Spotify Premium Family Plan, including Spotify Kids.
2. Parental controls and security
We are committed to protecting your and your child's personal data. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect the security of your child's personal data; however, be aware that no system is ever completely secure. We have implemented various policies including pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems.
To help ensure a good environment for your child when using Spotify Kids, we've also implemented the following controls:
Parental protection
- in order to access and enable certain functions in Spotify Kids, such as creating or deleting a child's account and changing the account settings, you as a parent need to provide a verification code. This allows you to control what features your child may use on Spotify Kids and prevents your child from changing settings by themselves.
Appropriate content
- Spotify Kids will only contain age-appropriate content, selected by our editors. At account setup, you will have the option to select what kind of content your child's Spotify Kids account should contain.
In the
Spotify Privacy Policy
you can learn more about the rights and preferences applicable to any of your personal data which is processed by Spotify. You can, at any time, access the personal data associated with the Spotify Kids account. In addition, you can always request that we delete the personal data associated with the Spotify Kids account. If you request deletion of your own Spotify account, the personal data associated with the Spotify Kids account will automatically be deleted.
If you have any questions about your child's privacy, your rights, or how to exercise them, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the "
Contact Us
" form on the Privacy Center. We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time upon verification of your identity. You also have the right to contact the
Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection
or your local data protection authority about any questions or concerns.
3. Personal data we collect about you and your child
These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect and use.
Collected when you sign up for the Spotify Kids Service
or when you update your account
Categories of personal data
Description of category
User Data
Personal data that we need to create your Spotify Kids account and which enables you and your child to use Spotify Kids. This includes your child’s name. You also have the option to provide us with your child’s birthdate and select a color and an avatar in order to make your child’s Spotify Kids account more personalized. In addition, we use the country you provided in your Spotify account.
Collected through your use of the Spotify Kids Service
Categories of personal data
Description of category
Usage Data
Personal data collected about you and your child when you’re accessing and/or using Spotify Kids:
Information about how you use Spotify Kids including your actions with Spotify Kids, such as date and time of content you have listened to or saved, search queries, and account settings.
Your technical data, for example:
URL information,
IP addresses,
information about devices you use such as: device IDs, network connection type (e.g. WiFi, 3G, LTE, Bluetooth) and provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, information enabling digital rights management, operating system, and Spotify application version.
Your general (non-precise) location. This is understood from technical data (e.g. your IP address or language setting of your device) and is needed to meet geographic requirements in our agreements with owners of content on Spotify Kids.
Collected from third party sources
Categories of personal data
Description of category
Third party applications and devices you connect to your Spotify Kids account
If you connect your Spotify Kids account to a third party application and/or device(s), we may collect certain information from them to make the integration possible.
We will only collect personal data from these third parties when you as a parent allow us to do so, e.g. by selecting the appropriate setting, allowing bluetooth connection on the device, and/or by providing your consent.
Technical service partners
We work with technical service partners that give us certain data, such as mapping IP addresses to non-precise location data (e.g., city, state, or post code).
This makes it possible for us to provide Spotify Kids content and features.
4. Our purpose for using your personal data
The table below sets out:
our purpose for processing your personal data
our legal justifications (each called "legal basis") under data protection law, for each purpose
categories of personal data which are used for each purpose (these categories are defined in Section 3 "Personal data we collect about you and your child")
In Section 4 in the
Spotify Privacy Policy
we provide a general explanation of each legal basis to help you understand the table.
Purpose for processing your data
Legal basis that permits the purpose
Legal basis that permits the purpose
Purpose for processing your data
Legal basis that permits the purpose
Categories of personal data used for the purpose
To provide Spotify Kids to you and your child, including basic content recommendations based on for example; age group, country, and time of day. For example, if you have a young child and it is night time, we might position lullabies and bedtime content more prominently in the app for you.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
User Data
Usage Data
To understand, diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with Spotify Kids.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
User Data
Usage Data
To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to Spotify Kids.
Legitimate Interest
User Data
Usage Data
To market Spotify Kids, and send offers, promotions, recommendations, and surveys to you as a parent.
Legitimate Interest
Consent
User Data
Usage Data
To comply with legal obligations, law enforcement requests, and fulfill contractual obligations with third parties, such as rights holders.
Compliance with legal obligations
Legitimate Interest
User Data
Usage Data
To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
Legitimate Interest
User Data
Usage Data
To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting.
Legitimate Interest
User Data
Usage Data
To detect fraud, including fraudulent use of Spotify Kids.
Performance of a Contract
Compliance with legal obligations
Legitimate Interest
User Data
Usage Data
If you require further information about the balancing test that Spotify has undertaken to justify its reliance on the legitimate interest legal basis under the GDPR, please see Section 9 'How to contact us' for further details on how to contact us.
5. Sharing your child's personal data
This section sets out the categories of recipients of the personal data collected or generated through your and your child's use of Spotify Kids.
Personal data you may choose to share
Categories of Recipients
Reason for sharing
Third party applications and devices you connect to the Spotify Kids account
We work with trusted third parties to enable certain features and functionalities on Spotify Kids that you choose to use, such as listening on Spotify Kids through your home speaker. We will only share personal data with these third parties when you as a parent allow us to do so, e.g. by selecting the appropriate setting, allowing bluetooth connection on the device, and/or by providing your consent. If you do allow us to do so in that way, we will only share personal data required to enable that integration such as username/identifier.
Information we may share
Categories of Recipients
Reason for sharing
Service providers
So they can provide their services to Spotify.
These service providers may include those we hire to:
give customer support
operate the technical infrastructure we need to provide Spotify Kids
help market products, services, events, and promotions.
Other Spotify Group Companies
Where we have offices, to carry out our daily business operations and so we can maintain and provide Spotify Kids to you.
Law enforcement and other authorities
When we believe in good faith it’s necessary for us to do so, for example:
to comply with a legal obligation
to respond to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena)
for our own or a third party’s justifiable interest, relating to:
national security
law enforcement
litigation (a court case)
criminal investigation
protecting someone’s safety
preventing death or imminent bodily harm.
Purchasers of our business
Where we sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer.
In this situation, Spotify will continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal data and give you notice before your personal data is transferred to the buyer or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
6. Data retention and deletion
Retention
We keep your and your child's personal data only as long as necessary to provide you and your child with Spotify Kids and for Spotify's legitimate and essential business purposes, such as:
maintaining the performance of Spotify Kids
making data-driven business decisions about new features and offerings
complying with our legal obligations
resolving disputes.
Deletion
If you close or request that we close your account, we will delete or anonymise your and your child's personal data so that it no longer identifies you, unless, we are legally allowed or required to keep something.
Here are some examples of situations where we're legally allowed or required to keep some of your personal data:
if there is an unresolved issue relating to your Spotify Kids account(s), such as an unresolved claim or dispute
for our legal, tax, audit, and accounting obligations
for our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain the security of our users.
7. Transfer to other countries
We may transfer your and your child's personal data to other countries as described in Section 7 in the
Spotify Privacy Policy
.
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally make changes to this Policy.
When we make material changes to this Policy, we'll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Spotify Service or send you an email or device notification.
9. How to contact us
For any questions or concerns about this Policy, contact our Data Protection Officer any one of these ways:
use of
privacy contact form
email
privacy@spotify.com
write to us at: Spotify USA Inc., 150 Greenwich Street, Floor 62, New York, NY 10007, USA
Spotify USA Inc. is the data controller of personal data processed under this Policy.
We hope you enjoy Spotify Kids!
© Spotify USA Inc.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-music/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
Apple collects information about your Apple Music and Apple Music Classical activity, such as the songs you play and how long you play them, to personalize the services when you are subscribed, send you notifications, and compensate our partners.
Your Apple cloud library sends information from your music library on your device to Apple, such as song and artist names, to identify and unlock copies of any of your songs that are also available in Apple Music.
We associate your cloud library information with you for as long as you remain subscribed and for a short time after. We retain records of the songs you play for the periods specified by applicable laws relating to financial reporting.
To help identify and prevent fraud, information about how you use your device, including the approximate number of phone calls or emails you send and receive, will be used to compute a device trust score when you attempt a purchase. The submissions are designed so Apple cannot learn the real values on your device. The scores are stored for a fixed time on our servers.
Protecting the privacy and security of your information is a priority for everyone at Apple. We work hard to collect only the data we need to make your experience better, and when we do collect data we believe it’s important for you to know what we’re collecting and why we need it, so you can make informed choices. Apple Music and Apple Music Classical, like every Apple product and service, are designed with these principles in mind.
We use your personal data to provide the services and features in Apple Music. This information includes your name and Apple Account photo if you’ve set one, which you can access and change in the Apple Music app Settings for use with the sharing features in Apple Music, as well as account and payment information, which you can access and change in Settings or System Settings.
When you subscribe to Apple Music, your subscription includes full access to Apple Music and Apple Music Classical. Apple collects information about how you use Apple Music and Apple Music Classical in order to tailor features to your musical tastes. These features include personalized recommendations such as albums and playlists picked for you, and Radio, which plays selections from your favorite artists and genres. We also use this information so that we can contact you by email and push notification about upcoming releases, new artists, and other happenings on Apple Music and Apple Music Classical that you may like.
Some Apple Music features, such as certain broadcast radio stations, may not be available in your region. Apple may use the IP address of your Internet connection to approximate your location and determine availability.
Apple Music Classical
Apple Music subscribers have access to Apple Music Classical, a classical music application designed to allow you to discover classical tracks and albums, and save your favorite classical tracks in one centralized place. You can browse the Apple Music Classical catalog without a subscription, but you must have an Apple Music subscription to access all the features of Apple Music Classical. If you do not have an active Apple Music subscription, you will be given the option to subscribe to Apple Music to get full access to Apple Music Classical.
Cloud Library
Your Apple cloud library, which is a benefit of your Apple Music subscription, allows you to have access to the songs and playlists in your library from any of your devices. This feature sends information from your library on your device to Apple, such as song and artist names, in order to identify and unlock copies of any of your songs that are also available in Apple Music and Apple Music Classical. Any songs that can’t be found in Apple Music are uploaded to your personal cloud library, so that you can have access to your complete collection from any of your devices through Apple Music. To stop syncing your cloud library on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > Apps > Music and tap to turn off Sync Library. On Mac, open Apple Music and go to Settings > General, then deselect Sync Library.
Apple Music Profile
If you want to connect or share with other people using Apple Music, you can create a personal profile by providing a user handle (for example, @johnappleseed), display name, and, if desired, a profile photo and other information. Apple stores this information with your account so that you can access it from any of your devices. Your user handle, display name, and profile photo can appear alongside any content you post and activity that you share on Apple Music. Sharing and posting content are not currently intended for or available to Apple Accounts for children.
Other people may also be able to find your Apple Music profile using the information that you’ve provided.
You can make the contents of your profile, like listening activity and playlists, available only to those you choose. However, your profile information, such as handle, display name, photo, your followers, and who you are following, are visible to everyone by-default. To block a user from seeing your profile, go to the user’s profile, tap More, then tap Block. People you block won’t see your music or find your profile in Apple Music.
When you create a profile on Apple Music, we will recommend other Apple Music subscribers with whom you may want to connect as friends. Apple does not learn or store information from your contacts when checking for friends to recommend. Only shortened and encrypted hashes of the phone numbers and email addresses in your contacts are sent to Apple, and then matching Apple Music subscribers to be recommended are determined locally on your device. Apple Music can periodically check your contacts to recommend new friends in the future; you can control this in Account Settings by disabling Contacts on Apple Music. If you do not want to be found by others based on the Apple Account contact information they may have about you in their contacts, you can change this in Account Settings by disabling Allow Finding by Apple Account.
Information that you provide in your profile may be updated or removed by you at any time. Whenever you share online, you should think carefully about what you are making public. When you share from Apple Music to other websites or social networks, anything you share is governed by the privacy policies of those other services.
SharePlay
When you subscribe to Apple Music, you can host SharePlay sessions when connected to an Apple TV, HomePod, CarPlay, or when using Bluetooth. With SharePlay, other Apple Music subscribers can join your SharePlay session and can control the music playing through Apple Music. SharePlay also allows users without an Apple Music subscription to join your SharePlay session. Apple uses Bluetooth, if enabled on your device, to allow your nearby contacts to discover your Apple Music session and request to join it. If you do not want contacts to be able to discover your device and request to join your Apple Music session, you can turn off discoverability by nearby contacts in the Apple Music app Settings. Contacts, as well as other participants, can also join the session by scanning the QR code displayed in Apple Music app Settings or the vehicle interface if participating in a SharePlay session in the car.
The name and profile photo of the participants in the session will be visible to everyone in the session. Contributions to a SharePlay session are attributed to the individual who made them and are associated with that user’s name and profile photo, if provided, which are editable at any time in the Apple Music app settings. You can remove participants from a SharePlay session you are hosting by tapping the SharePlay icon in the Apple Music app, then selecting the participant to remove. To leave a SharePlay session, tap the SharePlay icon in the Apple Music app, then tap Leave. To end a SharePlay session that you are hosting, tap End in the Apple Music app. Apple does not retain information about your contacts or other participants that have joined a SharePlay session after the session ends.
You can also enable SharePlay sessions in Messages or during a FaceTime call to share music in sync with others. To start a session, select the music you want to listen to, then tap SharePlay in the music options, enter the contacts to share with, then tap “Messages” or “FaceTime” and Start.
Collaborate on Playlists
Apple Music subscribers can create and collaborate on playlists with other Apple Music subscribers. If you are the creator of the playlist, you can choose to approve each person who joins the playlist, or you can allow anyone with the link to the playlist to join automatically. All participants can add and remove songs from the playlist and add emoji reactions. Contributions are attributed to the individual who made them and are associated with that user’s name and profile photo, if provided, which are editable at any time in the Apple Music app settings. All participants in the playlist, and anyone with access to the playlist, can see and view the name and photo of other participants. Playlist participants can view all songs and reactions added by other participants. To stop collaborating, remove yourself from the playlist in the playlist settings, or if you are the creator, stop the collaboration in the playlist manage collaboration settings. If the creator of the playlist ends the collaboration, the playlist becomes a shared playlist that collaborators will have access to in their Apple Music library.
Personalizing and Improving Apple Music and Apple Music Classical
When you use your Apple Music subscription or play free content outside of your library, we may collect information about the songs and videos (where applicable) you play or add to your music library or playlists and the artists and content you favorite or share. Information such as the account, IP address, and device, app, or car interface you used to play, where in Apple Music or Apple Music Classical you were when you played it, the time you played it, and for how long is noted and sent to Apple. We use this information to customize your experience, to send you emails and notifications, and to help us understand how Apple Music and Apple Music Classical are being used so we may improve our services. For example, this information can help us pick the music, videos, and artist content that we show you in Apple Music and Apple Music Classical. It also allows us to make other recommendations to you that reflect your tastes, create city charts to show you trending music by city, and to provide personalized Apple Music search results using a mix of information such as your listening history and your favorite genres. We also use this information to pay royalties and prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions or applicable law.
We retain this information for the duration of your Apple Music subscription and thereafter for a period of up to two years to communicate with you about music that may be of interest to you and offers for which you may be eligible. We also retain this information where it is necessary for financial reporting for the periods specified by applicable laws relating to such reporting, which vary by region. For most customers, that requires at least a 10-year retention period, but in regions such as China that period can be 30 years.
If you use SharePlay to listen to content with other users on Apple Music, the Apple Music app will collect information about the content you listened to during the SharePlay session and the approximate number of participants in the session, but does not retain any information to identify the participants of a SharePlay session.
We also use Apple Music search data to improve models that power Apple Music. For example, aggregate Apple Music search queries are used to fine-tune the Apple Music search model.
Communicating with You
Apple may use information about your account, such as the Apple products you own, the Apple apps you download, and your subscriptions to Apple services, to send you communications about Apple Music and other Apple products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you, including Apple Music Classical and Apple One. Your device serial number and other hardware identifiers, or details about your relevant App Store subscriptions, may be used to check eligibility for Apple service offers. If you are in a Family Sharing group, Apple may send you communications about products, services, and offers available to you through Family Sharing. If you purchase an Apple One subscription, we may send you emails and push notifications about the features of each of the services for which you have subscribed. Apple may also use information about your activity within Apple Music and Apple Music Classical and your interaction with services used to verify eligibility for available discounted Apple Music subscriptions (such as Apple Music Student) to send you emails and push notifications about new features, content, and offers available in Apple Music and Apple Music Classical. You can change your email preferences and opt out of receiving these emails by going to
account.apple.com
. To update your notification preferences on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > Notifications > Music. On Mac, open Apple Music and go to Settings > General > Notifications. Apple uses information about your interactions with our communications, including notifications, to improve our services.
Preventing Fraud and Other Malicious Activity
We compute a device trust score on your device when you attempt a purchase using information about how you use your device, including the approximate number of phone calls or emails you send and receive. The submission is designed so Apple cannot learn the underlying values on your device. The score is stored for a fixed time on our servers. Apple may also use information about your historical business relationship with Apple to process Apple Music subscription renewals and determine whether to provide ongoing access to your subscription in advance of authorization by the payment partner.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Radio Stations
When you use Apple Music to listen to broadcast radio, your device connects directly to the broadcast radio station to provide you the requested content. When it connects, your device’s IP address will be visible to the broadcast radio station. The handling of your IP address by the broadcast radio station is governed by the privacy policies of the broadcast radio station or its provider.
Record Labels, Artists, and Chart Compilers
We are obligated to provide some aggregated non-personal data about the use of Apple Music and Apple Music Classical, as well as aggregated user demographics such as age group and gender (which may be inferred from information such as your name and salutation in your Apple Account), to record labels, publishers, and artists so that they can measure the performance of their creative work and meet royalty and accounting requirements. In addition, we share aggregated listening activity with chart compilers for music charts around the world, with labels and artists to measure engagement, including in real time, and with music marketing platforms that help labels and artists reach listeners. In order to determine your subscription eligibility if you subscribe to Apple Music through a third-party partner like a mobile network provider, or to complete your purchase, we share limited personally identifiable information with that partner.
Connecting Apple Music with Other Apps
iOS, iPadOS, and visionOS apps and apps on non-Apple platforms may request access to Apple Music and your cloud library. If you give such permission to an app, it can access information like your cloud library on device, whether you are an Apple Music subscriber, your music and video play activity, and your recommendations in Apple Music. A permitted app can also modify data associated with your account, such as which songs are in your library and playlists. If you grant permission to the Photos app to access Apple Music, Photos will use songs from Apple Music to play with memory movies. When you create a custom memory movie in Photos, information about the prompt you enter to create the memory may be sent to Apple Music to select music to play with the movie. Apple apps with supported content, such as Remote, will also be automatically connected when you start using the Apple Music app and supported content. You can disable an app’s access on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Media & Apple Music. On Mac, go to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Media & Apple Music. If you have removed the app or granted an app access using a version of iOS earlier than iOS 11 or iPadOS, you can disable its access in your Apple Music account settings.
Apple Music Subscriptions Through Your Mobile Network Provider
If your mobile network provider offers Apple Music subscriptions and free trials, Apple may check your phone number to determine whether you are eligible through a mobile network provider. If you sign up for an Apple Music subscription or free trial through your mobile network provider or another Apple partner, Apple will use your phone number or unique account identifier shared by the partner to identify your account and to let the mobile network provider or other partner know that you have activated your subscription. We will use the phone number or unique identifier associated with your subscription to verify your account during sign-in and to connect your Apple Music activity with your account. We also use your phone number to request cancellation of your subscription with your mobile network provider at your request.
Applicable Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process your personal data in Apple Music generally for performance of your contract with Apple, as necessary for providing the service, and to comply with our legal obligations. Where consent is the appropriate legal basis, we seek it in accordance with applicable local law.
Where applicable local law provides, we process personal data as necessary for purposes of our legitimate interests or those of a third party, in order to:
Provide you with access to the content in Apple Music and Apple Music Classical that you listen to, add to your library, or download
Personalize your experience in Apple Music and Apple Music Classical
Identify and unlock copies of your songs that are also available through Apple Music
Determine the availability of content in your region and your eligibility for offers and subscriptions
Help to improve and optimize Apple Music and Apple Music Classical for you and others, and send you communications about the Apple Music and Apple Music Classical apps, and other Apple products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you
Create and maintain your Apple Music Profile and playlists
Pay royalties to, and provide reporting for, publishers, labels, artists, and chart compilers
Prevent fraud and other malicious activity
The data used includes:
Your use of the Apple Music and Apple Music Classical apps including your interactions with features, in-app notifications and messages, and the content you listen to, search for, view, add to your library, and download on Apple Music and Apple Music Classical
Details about your device and account
Your IP address
Your Apple Music Profile and playlists
The device trust score
Non-Personal Data
We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal data for any purpose. For example, we may aggregate your non-personal data with that of other Apple Music users in order to improve the service. We may also collect certain performance metrics from your device when you use Apple Music, including radio frequency strength, country code, network code, and cellular radio access technology.
Learn More About Apple Music
For more detailed information, including features and pricing, visit
www.apple.com/apple-music
.
For information about Apple Music Web Player & Privacy, visit
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-music-web
.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
.
Published Date: November 6, 2024
Sub-policy 2
https://www.iheart.com/content/privacy-and-cookie-notice/:
Your Library
Podcasts
News
Privacy Policy
March 12, 2025
Effective Date: March 12, 2025
Este Aviso de Privacidad está disponible en español aqui
https://www.iheartradio.com/legal/privacy-es
iHeart respects your privacy and is committed to treating your personal information in a transparent manner.
In this Privacy Notice, we explain how we collect, use, disclose, retain, and protect the personal information that we process about you. We also provide you with information about the rights and choices you have with respect to your personal information, and how to exercise them.
iHeartMedia, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “iHeart,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), includes the following websites and brands:
iHeartRadio
iHeartMedia
Premiere Networks
TTWN
This Privacy Notice covers personal information we process about you, including via our websites, mobile applications (“Apps”), and interactive features (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Notice covers users and customers of the iHeart Companies including, for example, when you visit or use our Services, listen to our radio stations, interact with our advertisements, interact with us through social media, participate in consumer research, promotions, contests, or otherwise access or use one of our Services. This Privacy Notice also applies to personal information we collect about individuals with whom we have a business relationship.
See section 14
for additional disclosures apply if you live in the following jurisdictions:
California
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia
If you are an employee, contractor, or job applicant, your personal information collected in those contexts will be subject to a separate privacy notice that we provide to you where and when appropriate.
This Privacy Notice does not cover our practices with respect to iHeartRadio Family. Please see our
Family Privacy Notice
for more information.
We collect the personal information described below to provide you with the Services. Please note that the personal information we collect varies depending on the nature of your interactions with us.
Identifiers
such as name, online identifiers like user account names, state and federal government ID numbers, and unique identifiers that we associate with you.
Contact information
such as your email, billing address, and phone number.
Financial and payment information
.
Transaction and commercial information
such as your purchase histories. With respect to individuals who interact with us in a business context, we may have commercial information about our relationship with you.
Online and usage information
such as your IP address, browser type and version, device characteristics, browsing data, data related to your interactions with our advertisements, Services usage information, and other information that we collect using cookies, pixels, SDKs, and other similar technologies.
Location data
including your approximate location derived from your IP address or mobile device.
Sensory data
such as your photos or videos when you choose to submit them to us, and your voice when you contact our customer service centers, call into our radio programs, or affirmatively activate voice controls on your device. See our
Voice Data FAQ
for more information.
Demographic information
such as age, marital status, gender, employment information, or other demographic information.
Professional or employment-related information
, including, when you interact with us on behalf of another company, your profession, job title, employer name, or other information related to your employment.
Inferences
derived from other personal information that we have collected.
Personal information does not include information that has been deidentified or aggregated so that you can no longer be identified, which we may use for any purpose.
Children’s Privacy
The Services that link to this Privacy Notice are intended for a general audience and are not geared toward children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
We may collect your personal information from the following sources:
Personal information you provide to us directly
You may give us personal information or provide it to us directly, including:
Information you provide when you register for an account, sign up for a subscription, purchase or upgrade one of our Services, or when you otherwise contact us about our Services. We may ask you for information when you enter a promotion or sweepstake offered by us, sign up for an event sponsored by us, or when you report a problem to us.
Records and copies of your correspondence.
Your responses to surveys.
Your searches on our Services.
Personal information collected automatically
We may collect personal information automatically from a device that we have associated with you. For example, we may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services, or view or interact with our advertisements.
Personal Information we collect from our affiliates and subsidiary companies
We may collect your personal information from our subsidiaries and affiliates, including the iHeart companies identified in this Privacy Notice.
Personal Information we receive from others
We may receive personal information about you from others including, for example, data analytics providers, data enrichment providers, and ad networks. We may also receive information about you from commercially available sources such as public databases.
If you create an account with us using your Google or Facebook account, we may receive certain information about you from Google or Facebook to enable us to create your account.
We may receive information from others that has been deidentified so that it is no longer personal information under applicable law. When we receive deidentified data from others, we commit to maintaining and using that data in deidentified form without attempting to reidentify it.
A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your browser on your device. We use cookies to deliver a better experience, for example, remembering your preferences and opt-outs.
Other examples of why we use cookies include:
To learn about how you interact with our Services
To detect and prevent fraud
To conduct analytics activities
To improve our Services
To facilitate interest based advertising
If you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing cookies, some, but not all, types of cookies may be deleted and/or blocked. If you delete or block cookies, some functionality on our Services may not work properly.
In addition to cookies, we may use other types of tracking technologies in connection with our Services.
Session Replay Technology
We may use session recording and replay technology to observe your mouse movements, scrolling, and clicks on our Services. We use these tracking tools for support and analytics purposes, and to better understand how people engage with our Services. This information is often collected and processed by our service providers who we have engaged to analyze this information on our behalf. By using our Services, you consent to our (or our service provider’s) collection, use, and retention of this information using session replay technology.
Third-Party Analytics
We may use third-party analytics providers to help us analyze how you use or interact with our Services.
Many of our websites use Google Analytics. Information about Google Analytics’ current opt-outs for web is available
here
.
We may integrate the analytics services we use with advertising services that are made available by our analytics providers.   For example, we integrate Google Analytics with the following Google advertising features:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Meta
Meta may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies, including the Meta Pixel, to collect or receive information from the Websites, and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services, target and deliver ads.
We may use your personal information to:
Communicate with you, including to respond to your questions, market to you, and provide customer service
Provide you with the Service
Operate our business
Conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
Conduct research and analytics
Administer our sweepstakes, contests, and promotions
Design, develop, and improve our Service
Track the effectiveness of our advertising
Personalize your experience, including to curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, for example suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
Improve how we do business
Fulfill our legal obligations
For safety and security purposes
For other internal business purposes
In the case of business contacts, we may also use your personal information to administer and manage our relationship with you and your employer (such as record keeping, payments, communicating with you, tracking outcomes, and verifying your eligibility and suitability).
We may disclose your personal information as follows:
Subsidiaries and Affiliates
: We may disclose personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliates, including the iHeart companies identified in this Privacy Notice that may use your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice.
Vendors and Service Providers
: We may disclose personal information to vendors and service providers we hire to help us run our business, including those companies that host, protect, or operate our Services; analyze data; provide customer service, send emails for us; process payments; conduct surveys; fulfill orders; run our promotional activities and contests; or provide marketing, analytics, and advertising services.
Business Partners and Other Third Parties
. We may disclose or make available personal information to our sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other parties in connection with our and their marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information. These parties may use your personal information for their own advertising, analytics, planning, market research, or other business purposes. We may also disclose your personal information to the rights holders that license content to iHeartMedia to stream on the Platforms (e.g., artists or record labels). If you connect your iHeartMedia account to a third-party application or social media platform, iHeartMedia may automatically disclose your personal information to that service, and such information may be attributed to your account on the third-party platform and published on such service. Likewise, if you log into a third-party application with your iHeartMedia account, that application may have access to certain information such as your iHeartMedia playlists and activity.
Legal Requirements and Government Authorities
. We may disclose personal information to other parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our
Terms of Use
or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of other parties, visitors to our Platforms, or the public.
To Others
: Your username and profile picture (if provided) are publicly available at an unlisted URL. Your activity on the Service (e.g., music you listen to, music you share) and playlists created or created for you are made publicly available by default and can be accessed by those who know the unlisted URL. This URL may be displayed publicly in third-party search engine results and may appear together with other public profile information, such as your playlists, picture and username if you disclose the URL publicly (e.g. via your own social media).
Security and Safety Disclosures
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may disclose your personal information to other persons and entities for the purpose of protecting the rights, safety, security, and property of us and others. We may also disclose this information to protect and enforce our rights.
Corporate Transaction
. We may disclose personal information, as part of any actual or contemplated merger, sale, transfer of assets, acquisition, bankruptcy, or similar event, including related to due diligence conducted prior to such event, where permitted by law.
When you use the Services, we, our service providers, and advertising partners may place cookies and similar tracking technologies on your computer or device in order to collect information about your online web-browsing activities over time and across different websites and online services or mobile applications, in order to serve you ads or other content personalized to your interests. This form of advertising is referred to as Interest Based Advertising (“IBA”). In order to personalize these ads or content, we or our advertising partners or service providers may connect and/or disclose personal information about you either to data you provided to us or to browser/usage/device information and location information collected about you.
You can opt out of being tracked online for IBA purposes by going to
https://optout.aboutads.info
or
https://optout.networkadvertising.org
, or by disabling advertising cookies by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of this webpage. You can opt out of being tracked for IBA purposes on mobile apps by going to
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
. Another way to opt out of IBA is by clicking on the Advertising Options Icon featured on certain iHeartMedia ads on third-party websites. When clicked it (1) describes the collection and uses of data gathered at the relevant party website and (2) provides a way for you to opt out of data collection and use by the other parties listed for the purposes of IBA.
Choices you make are device-specific and browser-specific. If you use different browsers on your computer, or multiple computers and devices, you will need to opt out of IBA from each browser on each of the computers and devices that you use. Please note that even if you opt out of IBA, you may still receive advertisements from us; they just won't be customized based on your web-browsing activities on third-party websites. Please also note that if you opt-out of IBA, we may still track your visits to the Platforms for our own analytics, operations and security purposes.
To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with LiveRamp, please click go to
https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out
.
The Services may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information. We do not control these third-party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from those set out in this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company or website before you provide your personal information.
Safeguarding your personal information is important to us. While no systems, applications, or websites are 100% secure, we take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
To help us protect personal information, we request that you use a strong password and never disclose your password to anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
We offer you the ability to manage what types of communications you receive from us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following options:
Updating your account information
If you have an account with us, you can log in and update or modify information from within your account.
Managing your marketing and other communication preferences
If you don’t want to receive promotional communications from us, such as offers or other marketing communications, you can unsubscribe by following the removal instructions in the communication that you receive (such as clicking the “UNSUBSCRIBE” or similar link within the email).
Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Voice Data
Voice control features will only be enabled if you affirmatively activate voice controls by giving us access to the microphone on your device. You can disable our access to your voice data by turning off our access to your microphone on your device at any time by using the operating system settings on your device or by muting your microphone. See our
Voice Data FAQ
for more information.
Push Notifications
If you use our Apps, we may send you push notifications from time to time. If you no longer wish to receive push notifications, you can turn them off at the device level in your App settings.
Location Information
We may infer your approximate location when you use the Apps. You can stop the collection of approximate location information at any time by going to the settings feature on your device and changing your preferences. If you do so, certain features of our Apps may no longer function as intended. You also may also uninstall or remove our Apps from your device.
This Privacy Notice is subject to change at our discretion. We will indicate changes to the Privacy Notice by updating the effective date at the beginning of the notice. Your continued use of our Services after any update to this Privacy Notice will constitute your acceptance of our changes.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice or your experiences with the Service, please contact us at:
iHeartMedia, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
20880 Stone Oak Pkwy
San Antonio, TX 78258
E-Mail:
privacy@iheartmedia.com
Privacy Notice for California Residents
1. Introduction and Scope
This section supplements the disclosures provided in our general Privacy Notice and applies to California consumers. This section describes the rights California consumers have under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended and along with any implementing regulations (“CCPA”). Any terms defined in the CCPA shall have the same meaning when used in this section.
This section does not apply to personal information collected from California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals but does apply to personal information collected in the context of business-to-business (B2B) transactions.
This section applies to “personal information” that we collect, meaning information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, or household. Personal information does not include publicly available information, or information that has been deidentified or aggregated.
2. Personal Information We Collect
We may collect the personal information and sensitive personal information listed below. The tables also list, for each category, the purposes for which we collect, use, and disclose the personal information. Note that the specific personal information we collect about you may vary depending on the nature of your relationship with us.
Category of Personal Information
Purposes for Collection, Use, and Disclosure
Identifiers
such as a name, email address, telephone number, mailing address, date of birth, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, account name and password.
Customer Records
, including any personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code such as your name, signature, address, telephone number, employment-related information, financial information (i.e., credit card number, debit card number, or any other similar information).
To communicate with you, including to respond to your questions, market to you, and provide customer service
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To administer our sweepstakes, contests, and promotions
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience, including to curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, for example suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law,
such as age, gender, languages spoken, marital status, and political affiliation.
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
Commercial information
such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with our websites, applications, or advertisements.
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
Geolocation data
, including your approximate location derived from your IP address or mobile device.
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
To verify your identity
Sensory data
such as photos and videos of you if you choose to share them, audio recordings of customer service calls, and voice recordings when you call into a broadcast.
To communicate with you, including to respond to your questions and provide customer service
To operate our business
To allow you to call into a radio broadcast
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
To verify your identity
Professional or employment- related information,
including, when you interact with us on behalf of another company, your profession, job title, employer name, professional or licensure status, or other information related to your employment.
To operate our business
To communicate with you
Inferences from personal information collected
such as a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and interests.
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
To verify your identity
Sensitive personal information
We may collect your government identifiers (including Social Security number, driver's license, state identification card, or other government ID) in the event that you win a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion.
To administer sweepstakes, contests, and promotions
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
In the case of business contacts, we may also use your personal information to administer and manage our relationship with you and your employer (such as record keeping, payments, and communicating with you).
Retention
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and for other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Because these needs can vary for different categories of personal information in the context of different Services, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as whether your personal information is reasonably necessary to manage our operations, to manage your relationship with us, or to satisfy another purpose for which we collected the information; whether your personal information is reasonably necessary to carry out a disclosed purpose that is reasonably compatible with the context in which we collected the information; whether the personal information is reasonably required to protect or defend our rights or property; or whether we are otherwise required or permitted to keep your personal information by applicable laws or regulations. Where personal information is used for more than one purpose, we may retain it until the purpose with the latest period expires.
Sales and Sharing of Personal Information
From time to time, we may use or disclose your personal information in a manner that is considered a “sale” or “share” under California law to provide the most relevant advertising and deliver marketing messages and personalized offers. The categories of third parties to which we disclose your personal information include analytics, advertising, and technology companies.
The categories of personal information that we may sell or share include identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of consumers under the age of 16.
We may disclose the categories of personal information identified above to the following categories of recipients, as further explained in the section titled
“How We Disclose Your Personal Information”
above:
The iHeart Companies
Vendors and Service Providers
To Others
Business Partners and Other Third Parties
Government Authorities
Other Parties,
where permitted by law or in the event of any actual or contemplated merger, sale, transfer of assets, acquisition, bankruptcy, or similar event, including related to due diligence conducted prior to such event
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to submit certain requests relating to your personal information as described below. To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
webform
or call us at 1-800-317-8708. Please note that, if you submit a request to know, request to delete, or request to correct, we will match your personal information against our records to verify your identity. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf; however, you may still need to verify your identity directly with us before your request can be processed. An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf using the webform or toll-free number listed above.
You will not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. We will not deny you any services, nor charge you different prices, in retaliation for exercising your privacy rights.
Right to Know
. You have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, which includes:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you, including
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting selling, sharing, or disclosing personal information
The categories of recipients to which we disclose personal information
The categories of personal information that we sold, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold that particular category of personal information
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category identified, the categories of recipients to which we disclosed that particular category of personal information
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
Right to Delete
. You have the right to request that we delete personal information we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct
. If you believe that personal information we maintain about you is inaccurate, you have the right to request that we correct that information.
Right to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing for Cross-Context-Behavioral Advertising
. You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information and the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising via cookies by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the iHeart webpage you are visiting and managing your preferences. You may also opt out of cookie-based sales and sharing by using the Global Privacy Control preference signal. Your opt-out request will be applied on a browser and device basis, and you will need to set your preferences for each browser and device you use. Your selections will be lost if you clear your cache and cookies. You may need to set your preferences separately for each iHeart website that you visit. If you have an iHeart account, you may opt out of non-cookie-based sales and sharing using this
webform
.
Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information applies. As such, we do not offer this right.
CCPA Metrics Report
The metrics provided below identify all CCPA requests we received between July 1, 2023 and July 1, 2024.
Requests to Know
:
Received: 9
Complied with in whole or in part: 5
Denied: 4
Mean number of days to substantively respond: 16 days
Requests to Delete
:
Received: 129
Complied with in whole or in part: 98
Denied: 31
Mean number of days to substantively respond: 11.5 days
Requests to Correct
:
Received: 3
Complied with in whole or in part: 0
Denied: 3
Mean number of days to substantively respond: 18.5 days
Requests to Opt-Out of Sales and Sharing
:
Received: 1,513
Complied with in whole or in part: 1,513
Denied: 0
Mean number of days to substantively respond: 1 day
Other California Disclosures
Shine the Light
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits California residents to opt out of our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you may instruct us not to disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing by submit a request to opt out of sales through our
webform
.
Do Not Track
Some browsers may have a “Do Not Track” setting. Please note that our Service is not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” settings.
Additional Disclosures for Residents of Other U.S. States
The disclosures in this section supplement our general Privacy Notice and apply to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia (collectively, “Covered States”).
References to “personal information” in our general Privacy Notice describe our practices with respect to “personal data,” as defined under Covered State privacy laws.
Categories of Personal Data and Purposes of Processing
You can learn more about the categories of personal data that we collect about consumers and the purpose for processing your personal data by visiting our Privacy Notice for California Residents [internal link to top of Section 14].
Categories of Personal Data Shared with Third Parties
We may use, disclose, or make available the categories of personal data listed below for targeted advertising purposes or in a manner that we have determined is considered a “sale” under Covered State privacy laws:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data
Inferences
When we disclose or otherwise make available such information, we may do so to the following categories of third parties: analytics, advertising, and technology companies. You can learn more about how third parties may process personal data by visiting the How We Share Your Information section above.
Your Rights Under Covered State Privacy Laws
If you are a resident of a Covered State, then, subject to certain conditions and exclusions, you have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
Right to access
. You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of any personal data that we may hold about you.
Right to correct
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Right to delete
. You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from or obtained about you.
Right to opt out of the sale of personal data
. You may request that we stop disclosing or making available your data in a way that is considered a “sale”.
Right to opt out of targeted advertising
. You may request that we stop disclosures of your personal data for targeted advertising.
Right to appeal
. If you are unsatisfied with our decision not to take action on your request to exercise one of your privacy rights, you may appeal our decision.
Oregon Residents
. If you live in Oregon, you have the right to request a list of third parties to which we disclosed personal data.
Delaware Residents
. If you live in Delaware, you have the right to request a list of the categories of third parties to which we disclose your personal data.
We do not profile in a manner that would result in legal or similarly significant effects, and as such do not offer a right to opt out of profiling. Likewise, we do not process sensitive data as defined by Covered State privacy laws.
You will not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. We will not deny you any services, nor charge you different prices, in retaliation for exercising your privacy rights.
How to Exercise Your Rights Under Covered State Privacy Laws
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
webform
or call us at 1-800-317-8708. We will only use personal data that you provide in a request to authenticate the request. We will not further disclose the personal data and will retain it only as necessary for the purpose of authentication and to meet our legal obligations. We cannot fulfill your request if we cannot authenticate it and confirm the personal data that is subject of the request relates to you.
To opt out of sales and targeted advertising via cookies, click on the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the iHeart webpage you are visiting and manage your preferences. You may also opt out of cookie-based sales and targeted advertising by using the Global Privacy Control preference signal. Your opt-out request will be applied on a browser and device basis, and you will need to set your preferences for each browser and device you use. Your selections will be lost if you clear your cache and cookies. You may need to set your preferences separately for each iHeart website that you visit. If you have an iHeart account, you may opt out of non-cookie-based sales and targeted advertising using this
webform
.
Authorized Agents
In certain states, you may use an authorized agent (a person or entity acting on your behalf) to submit a request to opt-out out of our processing of personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising or sales. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we will not act on that request unless we are able to authenticate, with commercially reasonable effort, both your identity and the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Oregon
Oregon residents, please note that the controller of your personal data is iHeartMedia + Entertainment, Inc.
Nevada
If you are a Nevada resident you may have additional rights which you can exercise through our
webform
.
© 2025 iHeartMedia, Inc.
Help
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Learn More
Sub-policy 3
https://statics-music-analytics.deezer.com/extra/privacypolicy:
Deezer Privacy Policy
As updated on July 1st, 2020.
At Deezer, we care about your privacy and we want you to know how we process your personal data. Please take the time to read this Privacy Policy carefully, it is very important to us that you fully understand:
What personal data of yours we collect
Why we use your personal data
How we share your personal data
How long we keep your personal data
How we protect your personal data
How you can exercise your rights
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, settings, or our use of your personal data, you can contact our Customer Service and/or our Data Protection Officer via this form.
What personal data of yours we collect
“Personal data” refers to any information that enables Deezer to directly or indirectly identify you.
Your personal data can be either directly provided by you, indirectly provided by third parties, or automatically collected by us when you use Analytics by Deezer App. Where we ask you to provide your personal data, we specify those for which collection is mandatory. We thank you for providing us with complete and accurate data. If you do not provide us with complete and accurate data, we may not be able to provide you with the Analytics by Deezer App. You will find the categories of personal data below that we collect in the context of Analytics by Deezer App, for each of them, an indicative list of personal data which may be concerned. Personal data we collect when you sign up for Analytics by Deezer App
Account data
Your login details (user ID, email address and password)
Your profile information (username, profile picture)
Your settings
Please note that during sign-up, you may be required to complete a Google reCAPTCHA, which helps us to secure Analytics by Deezer App. The use of Google reCAPTCHA is subject to Google Privacy Policy and Google Terms of Service.
Personal data we collect when you use the Analytics by Deezer App
Technical data
Information on your device (type of device you are using, unique device identifier, hardware model, version of the operating system, hardware and software settings, browser type, cookie or similar technology, system language)
Information on your navigation on the Analytics by Deezer App (IP address, date and time of connection, pages that you accessed, the date and time you accessed these pages)
Information on your internet connection (internet service provider, type of connection: 3G, 4G, 5G, Wi-Fi, xDSL, cable, optical fiber etc.)
Personal data we collect when you contact our Customer Service
Request data
Details on your claim or request (including date, time, subject and petition)
Content of your exchanges with the Customer Service
All data deemed as necessary for handling your claim or request
Why we use your personal data
Why we use your personal data
We use your personal data to enable you to use Analytics by Deezer App, and also to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. In any case, we do not make any automated decisions based solely on automatic processing which produce legal effects on you, or similarly significantly affect you.
Further information on how we use cookies and similar technologies can be found in your cookies settings.
Providing Analytics by Deezer App
We use your account data and technical data for the purpose of enabling you to use Analytics by Deezer App.
This use of your personal data is necessary for us to provide Analytics by Deezer App to you, in accordance with the contract which binds us to you.
Improving, securing and monitoring Analytics by Deezer App
We use your account data and technical data for the purpose of:
Improving existing features and overall performance of Analytics by Deezer App;
Developing new features and new services for Analytics by Deezer App;
Ensuring the ongoing security, confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of Analytics by Deezer App;
Measuring and analyzing audience and usage of Analytics by Deezer App.
This use of your personal data is necessary for us to meet our legitimate interest of offering the best service possible to our Analytics by Deezer App users.
Handling your requests to Customer Service
We use your account data, technical data and request data for the purpose of managing your request to our Customer Service, for instance:
When you contact our Customer Service and submit a technical or functional query;
When you want to exercise the statutory rights that you hold over your personal data.
This use of your personal data is necessary for us to comply with our obligations deriving from the contract which binds us to you, or when it comes to your statutory rights over your data, with the data protection laws and regulations which Deezer is subject to.
How we share your personal data
We share your personal data with the following categories of recipient:
Technical providers
Deezer group
Authorities Purchasers
Hosting and storage platform providers
Telecommunication network and service providers
Maintenance service providers
Security solution and service providers
Data analytics and computing solution providers
Parent company
Subsidiaries and affiliates
Administrative and judicial authorities
Purchasers or prospective purchasers of our business which we would enter into negotiations with
Please note that some of these recipients are located in countries that are outside the European Union / European Economic Area, and do not ensure a level of personal data protection which is deemed as equivalent as the level of personal data protection which is ensured by the Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data (GDPR).
Most of these recipients outside the European Union / European Economic Area are located in the United States of America, and have certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, which were designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission to provide companies on both sides of the Atlantic with a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States in support of transatlantic commerce.
For recipients who would not be located in the European Union / European Economic Area, or would not be located in a country with an adequate level of personal data protection (Article 45 of the GDPR), or would not be not compliant with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, we shall take all necessary measures to check that they provide appropriate safeguards, such as the implementation of standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission (Article 46.2 of the GDPR).
For more information on cross-border data transfers, please reach out to our Data Protection Officer.
How long we keep your personal data
We keep your personal data for no longer than is strictly necessary for the purposes for which we collect and use them.
The specific periods of time for which we retain your personal data are specified below:
Purpose
Providing Analytics by Deezer App
Improving, securing and monitoring Analytics by Deezer App
Handling your requests to Customer Service
Data
Account data Technical data
Account data Technical data
Account data Technical data Request data
Retention
Duration of your registration to the Deezer service, then archived for up to 5 years (except for cookies which are retained for up to 25 months)
Duration of your registration to the Deezer service, then archived for up to 5 years (except for cookies which are retained for up to 25 months)
Duration of the handling of your request, then archived for up to 5 years
How we protect your personal data
We have measures in place to protect your personal data against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure including, without limitation, the following measures:
We implement and maintain sophisticated technical measures to ensure that your personal data is confidentially and securely recorded and used;
We restrict and limit access to your personal data, and monitor who accesses, uses, and transfers your personal data;
Employees who have access to your personal data are required to comply with our data privacy and confidentiality requirements;
Business partners and third-party service providers with whom we share your personal data are required to comply with any applicable data privacy and confidentiality requirements.
How you can exercise your rights
Under applicable data protection laws and regulations, you have the right to:
Access, rectify or erase your personal data;
Restrict or object to its processing;
Tell us that you do not wish to receive marketing information;
In some circumstances, require the transfer of your personal data to you or a third party;
To the extent our processing of your personal data is based upon your consent, withdraw your consent, without affecting the lawfulness of our processing based on your consent before its withdrawal;
In some countries, set guidelines for the retention, erasure and communication of personal data for after your death.
We are fully committed to enable you to exercise the rights you hold over your data:
Some of these rights can be exercised directly in your settings, such as the rights to rectification and erasure of your personal data, or the right to set your communication preferences;
As for the exercise of your other rights (access to and portability of your personal data, restriction or objection to the processing of your personal data, set of guidelines for the retention, erasure and communication of your personal data after death), please contact us via this form.
Please note that we reserve the right to check your identity before we respond to your request.
If you are not fully satisfied with our response, you can also complain about our processing of your personal data to the relevant data protection authority.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy (at least once per year), in particular to ensure that it complies with new laws and regulations regarding data protection.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/:
Legal
Terms and Conditions of Use
Intellectual Property Policy
Privacy Policy
User Guidelines
Paid Subscription Terms
Spotify Privacy Policy
Effective as of 31 December 2024
1. About this Policy
2. Your personal data rights and controls
3. Personal data we collect about you
4. Our purpose for using your personal data
5. Disclosing your personal data
6. Data retention
7. Transfer to other countries
8. Keeping your personal data safe
9. Children
10. Privacy Request Metrics
11. Changes to this Policy
12. How to contact us
1. About this Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we at Spotify USA Inc. process personal data of U.S. residents. From now on, we’ll call it the ‘Policy’.
It applies to your use of:
all Spotify streaming services as a user. For example this includes:
your use of Spotify on any device
the personalization of your user experience. Watch
our personalization explainer video
to learn more about this.
the infrastructure required to provide our services
connection of your Spotify account with another application
both our free or paid streaming options (each a ‘
Service Option
’)
other Spotify services which include a link to this Policy. These include Spotify websites, Customer Service and the Community Site
From now on, we’ll collectively call these the ‘
Spotify Service
’.
From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. They’ll also be subject to this Policy, unless stated otherwise when we introduce them. Our
California Notice at Collection
as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act applies to residents of California. If you are a resident of California, you should read this notice together with this Policy.
This Policy is
not
...
the Spotify
Terms of Use
, which is a separate document. The Terms of Use outline the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Spotify Service. It also describes the rules of Spotify and your user rights
about your use of other Spotify services which have their own privacy policy, such as Megaphone.
Other resources and settings
Key information about your personal data is right here in this Policy. However, you might want to take a look at our other privacy resources and controls:
Safety & Privacy Center
: A user-friendly hub with summaries of key topics and helpful videos. It includes the ‘Your Privacy Controls’ video which shows you how to exercise your user rights and make choices about the way we process your data. See
Section 2 ‘Your personal data rights and controls’
for more on user rights.
Account Privacy
: Control the processing of certain personal data, including
tailored advertising
.
Notification Settings
Set which marketing communications you get from Spotify.
Settings (found in the Desktop and Mobile versions of Spotify): Control certain aspects of the Spotify Service such as ‘Social’ or ‘Explicit Content’. On the ‘Social’ setting, you can:
start a Private session
choose whether to share what you listen to on Spotify with your followers
choose whether to show your recently played artists on your public profile
On the ‘Explicit Content’ setting you can control whether explicit-rated content can be played on your Spotify account.
Cookies Policy
: Information on how we use cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences. Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website.
2. Your personal data rights and controls
Certain U.S. states have adopted privacy laws that give certain rights to individuals over their personal data. We provide these rights to all residents of the U.S., regardless of where they live.
The table below explains:
your rights
how to exercise them
You can also watch our video about
Your Privacy Controls
. You will not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of your privacy rights.
It’s your right to...
How?
Be informed
Be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it.
We inform you:
through this Policy
through information provided to you as you use the Spotify Service
by answering your specific questions and requests when you
contact us
Know/
Access
Request to know and access the personal data we process about you.
To request a copy of your personal data from Spotify, either:
use the ‘Download your data’ tool on your
Account Privacy
page, or
contact us
When you download your data you will receive the information about your data that Spotify has to provide under applicable laws. If you would like more information about how we process your personal data, you can
contact us
.
Correction
Request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate.
You can edit your User Data under ‘Edit profile’ in your account or by
contacting us
.
Deletion
Request that we delete certain of your personal data.
Please note there are situations where Spotify is unable to delete your data, for example when:
it’s still necessary to process the data for the purpose we collected it for
we have an overriding interest in continuing to process the data, for example where we need the data to protect our services from fraud
Spotify has a legal obligation to keep the data, or
Spotify needs the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if there’s an unresolved issue relating to your account
There are several ways you can delete personal data from Spotify:
to remove audio content you have saved, select the relevant content and choose to remove it. For example you can remove a track from your playlist or remove an artist you’ve saved to your Library
to request deletion of your account data from Spotify and close your account, follow the steps on our
support page
. This data includes your User Data, Usage Data and other data listed in
Section 3 ‘Personal data we collect about you
’
for any other deletion requests, you can
contact us
or reach out to customer support via our
chat bot
Opt-out of tailored advertising
Request to opt out of the processing of your personal data for tailored advertising.
For more information about our processing for these purposes, see the section ‘Tailored advertising controls’ below.
You can exercise your right to opt out on your
Account Privacy
page under ‘Tailored Ads’.
If you do not have an account or are not logged in, you can also opt-out by clicking the
'Your Privacy Choices'
link at the footer of our website.
Data portability
Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service.
For information about how to exercise the right to portability, see ‘Know/Access’ above.
Not be subject to automated decision making
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
Spotify does not carry out this type of automated decision making in the Spotify Service.
Withdrawal of consent
Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data.
You can do this if Spotify is processing your personal data solely based on your consent.
To withdraw your consent, you can:
• adjust the relevant control on Spotify
•
contact us
Verifying requests, generally
To verify a request to know, request to delete, and request to correct, we ask you to provide certain details related to your Spotify account. Please note, if you do not have a Spotify account we will not have enough information about you to verify your identity and respond to your requests, as we do not keep sufficient information necessary to re-identify and link you to a prior visit to the Spotify Service where data may have been collected. As such, we will be unable to verify and honor your requests.
Household requests
If all the members of a household make an access, correction or deletion request, we will respond as if the requests are individual requests.
Requests made through agents
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney (in accordance with local law), an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Appeals process
If your request is denied you may have the right to appeal the denial in accordance with the instructions provided to you when the denial was made.
Tailored advertising controls
What is tailored advertising?
This is when we use information about your use of our services and other websites and mobile apps to tailor ads to be more relevant to you. This is also known as interest based advertising, targeted advertising, or ‘sharing’ for purposes of cross-context behavioural advertising.
An example of tailored advertising is when an advertising partner provides us with information indicating that you may be interested in cars. This could enable us to show you ads about cars.
How to control tailored advertising:
You can control tailored advertising on your
Account Privacy
page under ‘Tailored Ads’.
If you do not have an account or are not logged in, you can also opt-out by clicking the
'Your Privacy Choices'
link at the footer of our website.
You can also control tailored advertising for some podcasts using the link in the episode’s show description. This applies where the content provider inserts advertising into the podcast to fund it. The hosting provider, which might not be Spotify, manages these controls for the podcast.
You can also visit our services via a browser with a recognized opt-out preference signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC). If you use a preference signal you may need to renew your preferences if you visit the Spotify Service with another device or browser, or if you clear your cookies.
If you are ‘opted out’ of tailored advertising on your
Account Privacy
page, you will receive less relevant advertising, including on our free Service Option, as well as our paid Service Option, as applicable (for example, advertising in podcasts). This type of advertising is based on your registration information and what you are currently listening to on our services. For example, if you are listening to a cooking podcast, you may hear an ad for a food processor.
Appropriate age for tailored advertising:
Younger users may have tailored advertising turned off by default. When you reach the appropriate age, you will start to receive tailored advertising . When this happens, you will receive a message within the Spotify Service to let you know. This message will contain a link to the
Account Privacy
page where you can change your preferences or ‘opt-out’ of tailored advertising at any time under Tailored Ads.
3. Personal data we collect about you
These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect from you. You can also watch our video about
Personal Data at Spotify
.
Collected when you sign up for the Spotify Service
or when you update your account
Categories
Description
User Data
Personal data that we need to create your Spotify account and that enables you to use the Spotify Service.
The type of data collected and used depends on the type of Service Option you have. It also depends on how you create your account, the country you are in, and if you use third party services to sign in. This may include your:
profile name
email address
password
phone number
date of birth
gender
street address (see further details below)
country
university/college (for Spotify Premium Student)
We receive some of this data from you e.g. from the sign up form or account page.
We also collect some of this data from your device e.g. country or region. For more information about how we collect and use this data, see ‘Your general (non-precise) location’ in the Usage Data category.
Street Address Data
We may ask for and process your street address for the following reasons:
to check eligibility for a Service Option
to deliver notices which are required by law
to deliver support options
for billing and tax administration
to deliver physical goods or gifts which you have requested
In some cases, we may use a third party application to help you verify your address, such as Google Maps.
Collected through your use of the Spotify Service
Categories
Description
Usage Data
Personal data collected and processed about you when you’re accessing or using the Spotify Service.
There are a few types of information this includes, listed in the following sections.
Information about how you use Spotify
Examples include:
information about your Spotify Service Option
your actions with the Spotify Service (including date and time), such as:
search queries
streaming history
playlists you create
your library
browsing history
account settings
interactions with other Spotify users
your use of third party services, devices and applications in connection with the Spotify Service
inferences (i.e., our understanding) of your interests and preferences based on your usage of the Spotify Service
content you provide when participating in Spotify promotions, such as contests or sweepstakes
content you post to any part of the Spotify Service. For example: images, audio, text, titles, descriptions, communications, and other types of content
Your technical data
Examples include:
URL information
online identifiers such as
cookie data
and IP addresses
information about the devices you use such as:
device IDs
network connection type (e.g. wifi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth)
provider
network and device performance
browser type
language
information enabling digital rights management
operating system
Spotify application version
information which enables us to discover and connect with third party devices and applications. Examples of this information are the device name, device identifiers, brand and version. Examples of third party devices and applications are:
devices on your wifi network (such as speakers) which can connect to the Spotify Service
devices your operating system makes available when connecting via Bluetooth, plugin, and installation
Spotify partner applications to determine whether the application is installed on your device
Your general (non-precise) location
Your general location includes country, region or state. We may learn this from technical data (e.g. your IP address, language setting of your device) or payment currency.
We need this to:
meet geographic requirements in our agreements with the owners of content on the Spotify Service
deliver content and advertising that’s relevant to you
Your device sensor data
Motion-generated or orientation-generated device sensor data if needed to provide features of the Spotify Service that require this data. This is data which your device collects about the way you move or hold your device.
Additional data you may choose to give us
Categories
Description
Payment and Purchase Data
If you make any purchases from Spotify or sign up for a paid Service Option or a trial, we will need to process your payment data.
The exact personal data collected and used will vary depending on the payment method. It will include information such as:
name
date of birth
payment method type (e.g. credit or debit card)
if using a debit or credit card, the card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card numberNote: For security, we never store your full card number
ZIP/postal code
mobile phone number
details of your purchase and payment history
Survey and Research Data
When you respond to a survey or take part in user research, we collect and use the personal data you provide as described in the survey or research.
We receive some of the data mentioned above from third parties. The below table describes the categories of those third parties.
Third party sources that we receive your data from
Categories of third parties
Description
Data categories
Authentication partners
If you register for or log into the Spotify Service using another service, that service will send your information to us. This information helps create your account with us.
User Data
Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account
If you connect your Spotify account to a third party application, service or device, we may collect and use information from them. This collection is to make the integration possible.
These third party apps, services or devices may include:
social media
devices including:
audio (e.g. speakers and headphones)
smart watches
televisions
mobile phones and tablets
automotive (e.g. cars)
games consoles
services or platforms such as voice assistants or content platforms
We’ll ask your permission before we collect your information from certain third parties.
User Data
Usage Data
Technical service partners
We work with technical service partners that give us certain data. This includes mapping IP addresses to non-precise location data (e.g., country or region, city, state).
This makes it possible for Spotify to provide the Spotify Service, content, and features.
We also work with security service providers who help us protect user accounts.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment partners and Merchants
If you choose to pay through third parties (e.g. telco carriers) or by invoice, we may get data from our payment partners.
This allows us to:
send you invoices
process your payment
give you what you’ve purchased
If we direct you to a merchant, we receive data from the merchant that is related to your purchase. For example, we might direct you to an artist’s merchandise store on a third party platform or to a third party ticketing website.
Receiving this data allows us to:
calculate any commissions owed to us
analyze the effectiveness of our partnership with these merchant partners
understand your interests
Payment and Purchase Data
Advertising and marketing partners
We receive inferences from certain advertising or marketing partners. These inferences are the partners’ understanding of your interests and preferences.
This allows us to deliver more relevant ads and marketing.
Usage Data
Acquired companies
We may receive data about you from companies we acquire. This is to enhance our services, products, and offerings.
User Data
Usage Data
If you download the Spotify mobile app and try Spotify using a logged out user experience, we will collect limited information about your usage of the Spotify Service, including Usage Data. We do this to understand how you are accessing and using the Service. We also do this to ensure we provide the right experience for you, for example based on your country or region. If you decide to create a Spotify account to experience our service in full, then we will combine this data with your Spotify account data.
4. Our purpose for using your personal data
The table below sets out:
our purpose for processing your personal data
categories of personal data which we use for each purpose. See more about these categories in
Section 3 ‘Personal data we collect about you’
You can also watch our video about
Personal Data at Spotify
.
Purpose for processing your data
Categories of personal data used for the purpose
To provide the Spotify Service.
For example, when we use your personal data to:
• set up an account for you
• personalize your account
• provide the Spotify app when you download it onto your device,
• enable you to share a link to Spotify content with someone else, or
• provide various optional features of the Spotify Service
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
To diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Spotify Service.
User Data
Usage Data
To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Spotify Service.
For example:
• we use personal data to develop and improve our personalized recommendation algorithms
• we analyze how our users react to a particular new feature and see whether we should make any changes
User Data
Usage Data
Survey and Research Data
For marketing or advertising purposes.
For example:
• when we use your personal data to tailor advertising to your interests, or
• when we send you email marketing
User Data
Usage Data
Survey and Research Data
To comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
This might be:
• an obligation under the law of the country / region you are in
• Swedish law (because of our headquarters in Sweden), or
• EU law that applies to us
For example, when we use your date of birth when required for age verification purposes.
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
To comply with a request from law enforcement, courts, or other competent authorities.
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
To fulfill contractual obligations with third parties.
For example, when we provide pseudonymized data about our users’ listening because we have an agreement with a Spotify rightsholder to do so.
Pseudonymized data means that your data is identified by a code rather than your name or other directly identifying information.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To take appropriate action with reports of intellectual property infringement and inappropriate content.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
For example, if we are involved in litigation, we need to provide information to our lawyers in relation to that legal case.
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting.
For example, when we look at aggregated user data like the number of new sign ups in a country in order to plan new locations to launch our products and features in.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To process your payment.
For example, when we use your personal data to let you purchase a Spotify subscription.
User Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Street Address Data
To keep the Spotify Service secure and to detect and prevent fraud.
For example, when we analyze Usage Data to check for fraudulent use of the Spotify Service.
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To conduct research and surveys.
For example, when we contact our users to ask for your feedback.
User Data
Usage Data
Survey and Research Data
5. Disclosing your personal data
This section sets out who receives personal data which is collected or generated through your use of the Spotify Service.
Publicly available information
The following personal data will always be publicly available on the Spotify Service (except to any user you have blocked):
your profile name
your profile photo
your public playlists
other content you post on the Spotify Service, and any associated titles, descriptions and images
You or another user can share certain information on third party services, like social media or messaging platforms. This includes:
your profile
any content you post on Spotify and details about that content
your playlists and any associated titles, descriptions and images
When this sharing occurs, the third party service may store a copy of it to support their features.
Personal data you may choose to disclose
We will only disclose the following personal data with those outlined in the table below
where you have chosen to use a Spotify Service feature, or a third party application, service or device, and we need to disclose personal data to enable this, or
if you otherwise grant us your permission to disclose the personal data. For example, you can do it by selecting the appropriate setting in the Spotify Service or by giving your consent.
Categories of recipients
Categories of data you can choose to share
Reason for choosing to share
Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account
• User Data
• Usage Data
To connect your Spotify account, or so that you can use the Spotify Service in connection with third party applications, services or devices.
Examples of such third party applications, services and devices include:
• social media applications
• speaker devices
• televisions
• automotive platforms
• voice assistants
You can see and remove many third party connections under ‘
Apps
’ in your account.
Support community
• User Data
To enable you to use the
Spotify Support Community service
.
When you register for an account on the Spotify Support Community, we’ll ask you to create a profile name. This will be publicly displayed to anyone who uses the Spotify Support Community. We’ll also display any questions or comments you post.
Other Spotify users
• User Data
• Usage Data
To share information about your use of the Spotify Service with other Spotify users. These could include your followers on Spotify.
For example, under ‘Social’ settings you can choose to share your recently played artists and your playlists on your profile. You can also choose to create or join a shared playlist with other users. Shared playlists give you social recommendations based on your listening activity.
Artists and record labels
• User Data
To receive news or promotional offers from artists, record labels or other partners.
You may choose to share your User Data for this purpose when you sign up to the Spotify Service. You’ll always have the option to change your mind and
withdraw your consent at any time
.
Information we may disclose
See this table for details of who we disclose to and why.
Categories of recipients
Categories of data
Reason for disclosing
Service providers
• User Data
• Street Address Data
• Usage Data
• Payment and Purchase Data
• Survey and Research Data
So they can provide their services to Spotify.
These service providers include those we hire to:
• give customer support
• operate the technical infrastructure we need to provide the Spotify Service
• assist in protecting and securing our systems and services (e.g. Google’s reCAPTCHA)
• help market Spotify’s (and our partners’) products, services, events and promotions
• verify your eligibility for certain types of Service Options (e.g., Spotify Premium Student)
Payment partners
• User Data
• Payment and Purchase Data
So they can process your payments, and for anti-fraud purposes.
Advertising partners
• User Data
• Usage Data
So they can help us deliver more relevant advertising to you on the Spotify Service, and help measure the effectiveness of ads.
For example, our ad partners help us facilitate tailored advertising.
With respect to Spotify Service users under the age of 18, we do not disclose personal data to advertising partners by default.
Marketing Partners
• User Data
• Usage Data
To promote Spotify with our partners. We disclose certain User Data and Usage Data to these partners where necessary to:
• enable you to participate in Spotify promotions, including trials or other bundled offers
• to promote Spotify in media and advertising published on other online services
• help us and our partners to measure the effectiveness of Spotify promotions
Examples of partners include:
• marketing or sponsorship partners
• websites and mobile apps who sell us advertising space on their services
• device, app and mobile partners who also offer Spotify promotions
Our partners may also combine the personal data we disclose to them with other data they collect about you, e.g. your use of their services. We and our partners may use this information to present you with offers, promotions, or other marketing that we think you’ll find relevant.
With respect to Spotify Service users under the age of 18, we do not disclose personal data to marketing partners by default.
Ticketing and event partners
• User Data
For every event for which we sell tickets, we will need to disclose your name, email or other order details to our event partners such as ticketing agent or venue box office where the event is taking place so that you can check-in as a verifiable guest who purchased tickets through Spotify’s ticketing platform.
Podcast Hosting Platforms
• Usage Data
Hosting platforms host podcasts so that they can deliver them to you. We disclose certain data, such as your IP address, to the podcast hosting platforms when you play a podcast. We also allow you to stream podcasts available from other hosting platforms not owned by Spotify.
Podcast providers should explain in the show or episode description which platform is hosting the podcast. See the hosting platform’s own privacy policy for how they use data disclosed to them.
Academic researchers
• User Data
• Usage Data
For activities such as statistical analysis and academic study, but only in a pseudonymized format.
Other Spotify group companies, including companies that Spotify acquires
• User Data
• Street Address Data
• Usage Data
• Payment and Purchase Data
• Survey and Research Data
To carry out our daily business operations and so we can maintain, improve and provide the Spotify Service and acquired companies’ services to you.
For example:
• enabling our employees who work for different group companies to develop and improve features for the Spotify Service
• disclosing data to our measurement companies to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns that run on the Spotify Service
• disclosing data to our podcast companies to better understand user listening trends
Law enforcement and other authorities, or other parties to litigation
• User Data
• Usage Data
When we believe in good faith it’s necessary for us to do so, for example:
to comply with a legal obligation
to respond to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena)
for our own or a third party’s justifiable interest, relating to:
national security
law enforcement
litigation (a court case)
criminal investigation
protecting someone’s safety
preventing death or imminent bodily harm
Purchasers of our business
• User Data
• Street Address Data
• Usage Data
• Payment and Purchase Data
• Survey and Research Data
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer.
In this case, we may transfer your personal data to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
6. Data retention
We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Spotify Service and for Spotify’s legitimate and essential business purposes, such as:
maintaining the performance of the Spotify Service
making data-driven business decisions about new features and offerings
complying with our legal obligations
resolving disputes
Here are some of the categories of our retention periods, and the criteria we use to determine them:
Data retained until you remove it
It’s your right to request that we delete certain of your personal data. See the section on ‘Deletion’ in
Section 2 ‘Your personal data rights and controls’
for more information, and the circumstances in which we can act on your request.
You can also delete certain personal data directly from the Spotify Service: for example, you can edit or delete your profile picture. Where users are able to see and update the personal data themselves, we keep the information for as long as the user chooses unless one of the limited purposes described below applies.
Data that expires after a specific period of time
We have set certain retention periods so that some data expires after a specific period of time. For example, personal data you may input as part of search queries is generally deleted after 90 days.
Data retained until your Spotify account is deleted
We keep some data until your Spotify account is deleted. Examples of this include your Spotify username and profile information. We also typically keep streaming history for the life of an account, for example, to provide retrospective playlists that users enjoy and personalized recommendations that take listening habits into account (for example, Your Time Capsule or Your Summer Rewind). When your Spotify account is deleted, this category of data is deleted or de-identified.
Data retained for extended time periods for limited purposes
After your account is deleted, we keep some data for a longer time period but for very limited purposes. For example, we may be subject to legal or contractual obligations that require this. These may include mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data kept for the purposes of litigation. We may also keep data that has been removed from the Spotify Service for a limited period of time. This could be:
to help ensure user safety, or
to protect against harmful content on our platform.
This helps us investigate potential breaches of our
User Guidelines
and
Platform Rules
. On the other hand, we will remove unlawful content if the law requires us to do so.
7. Transfer to other countries
Because of the global nature of our business, Spotify transfers personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners when carrying out the activities described in this Policy.
Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to make sure the data transfer complies with applicable law.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymization
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests
8. Keeping your personal data safe
We’re committed to protecting our users’ personal data. We put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware that no system is ever completely secure.
We have put various safeguards in place to guard against unauthorized access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. These include pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies.
To protect your user account, we encourage you to:
use a strong password which you only use for your Spotify account
never share your password with anyone
limit access to your computer and browser
log out once you have finished using the Spotify Service on a shared device
read more detail on
protecting your account
You can log out of Spotify in multiple places at once by using the ‘Sign out everywhere’ function on
your account page
.
If other individuals have access to your Spotify account, then they can access personal data, controls and the Spotify Service available in your account. For example, you might have allowed someone to use your account on a shared device.
It’s your responsibility to only allow individuals to use your account where you’re comfortable sharing this personal data with them. Anyone else’s use of your Spotify account may impact your personalized recommendations.
9. Children
Note: This Policy doesn't apply to Spotify Kids except where the
Spotify Kids Privacy Policy
says so. Spotify Kids is a separate Spotify application.
The Spotify Service has a minimum ‘Age Limit’ in each country or region. The Spotify Service is not directed to children whose age:
is under the age of 13 years
makes it illegal to process their personal data, or
requires parental consent to process their personal data
We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the applicable Age Limit. If you’re under the Age Limit, do not use the Spotify Service, and do not provide any personal data to us. Instead, we recommend using a
Spotify Kids
account.
If you’re a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal data to Spotify,
contact us
.
If we learn that we’ve collected the personal data of a child under the applicable Age Limit, we’ll take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. This may require us to delete the Spotify account for that child.
When using a shared device on the main Spotify Service, be cautious about playing or recommending any inappropriate content to individuals under 18 years old.
10. Privacy Request Metrics
The following chart contains statistics about global requests we received from users between 1 January and 31 December 2023:
Type of request
Received
Complied
Denied
Average response rate
Right to Know / Access
2,375,576
2,375,576
0
9.88 days
Request to Delete
6,367,692
6,367,692
0
15.5 days
Request to Correct*
38
32
6
13.84 days
Request to Opt-Out of Data Sharing for Tailored Ads
78,145,777
78,145,777
0
1 day
*Adjustments in the user account within the Service made either by the user themselves or aided by customer services are not counted as correction requests (e.g., user updated their display name)
11. Changes to this Policy
We may occasionally make changes to this Policy.
When we make material changes to this Policy, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Spotify Service or send you an email or device notification.
12. How to contact us
For any questions or concerns about this Policy, contact our Data Protection Officer any one of these ways:
email
privacy@spotify.com
write to us at: Spotify USA Inc., 150 Greenwich Street, Floor 62, New York, NY 10007, USA
Spotify USA Inc. is the data controller of personal data processed under this Policy.
© Spotify USA Inc.
Sub-policy 5
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 6
https://www.pandora.com/privacy:
|  Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Subscription Terms
Premium Trial Terms
Privacy Policy
Community & Content Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Tax Policy
Events
Additional Promotions and Terms
Español
|
English
Privacy Policy
Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights for Pandora
Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights for Sirius XM
Effective December 20, 2024
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the personal data collected and processed by Sirius XM Radio LLC. and its subsidiaries, including Pandora Media, LLC (collectively, “
Sirius XM
,” “
we
” or “
us
”) through our consumer websites, apps and services (the “
Services
”). By accessing and using any of our Services, you agree to this Policy. The Services include:
Sirius XM satellite audio services, delivered under brand names Sirius XM and XM
Sirius XM streaming audio services
Pandora streaming audio services
Sirius XM specialty services such as marine, aviation weather and traffic plans
Websites intended for retail consumers of Sirius XM and Pandora content and services, such as siriusxm.com, pandora.com, teamcoco.com, and 99percentinvisible.org, web players, applications, and platforms
Sirius XM and Pandora live and virtual events
The Services expressly do not include:
Safety and convenience connected vehicle services provided in-vehicle by our affiliate, SiriusXM Connect (formerly known as Sirius XM Connected Vehicle Services Inc.). Those connected vehicle services are provided in in conjunction with your vehicle manufacturer, operate independently of any Sirius XM audio services subscription, and are subject to a separate privacy policy offered by your vehicle manufacturer. Please refer to your vehicle owner's manual or website for more information about data collected and used by the connected vehicle services.
Services provided by Sirius XM Canada Inc. Please refer to the Privacy Policy available on the Siriusxm.ca website for collection and use of personal data by Sirius XM Canada through its subscriptions and other services.
Audio services licensed by Sirius XM or Pandora to businesses for use by that business for its own customers, such as Pandora for Business.
Business to business advertising technology services provided by the Sirius XM affiliate company, AdsWizz Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Audio Ventures dba Simplecast. Relevant privacy notices for the AdsWizz business may be found at adswizz.com.
This Policy Does Not Apply to:
Personal data collected by the manufacturer of a connected speaker, TV or other device through which you access the Services
Personal data collected or use by anyone to whom you grant access directly
Personal data you instruct us to provide to a third party
In addition, please note: Sirius XM makes available certain podcast content under license to or ownership by Sirius XM, such as Team Coco and 99% Invisible podcasts ("
Sirius XM Podcast Content
"). Some Sirius XM Podcast Content is available to listeners, by listener choice, through websites, web players, applications or platforms not owned or controlled by Sirius XM, (each a "
Third Party Service
"). This Policy does not apply to the collection, use, or disclosure of your personal data by the third party who provides the Third Party Service when you choose to access Sirius XM Podcast Content through a Third Party Service; any such data collection and use is governed by the privacy notice of that third party. We recommend you familiarize yourself with the privacy notice of any Third Party Service you use to access Sirius XM Podcast Content. For more information on our data practices in connection with Sirius XM Podcast Content, please see the Section 10 below, “
Supplemental Information For Listeners of Sirius XM Podcast Content
.”
This Policy is separate from and applies in addition to any terms for
                        subscriptions, websites or other terms of use that apply to individual
                        Services. Users of our Pandora services please see
here
and users of Sirius XM
                        services please see
here
.
                        Sirius XM service users, please also review our
Customer
                        Agreement
.
This Policy is made available in Spanish. To the extent that minor differences may appear in translation, the terms of the English language version shall govern.
Table of Contents
Territorial Limits
Personal Data We Collect
Summary of Sirius XM Key Personal Data Practices
Table of Our Personal Data Collection And Use Practices
Additional Details About Our Personal Data Practices
Personal Data We Collect Directly from You
Personal Data We Receive or Collect from Third Parties
Data We Collect Automatically:
Sharing with Third Parties
Third Party Advertising and Analytics/Privacy Controls
Your Choices and Opt Out Rights
Security and Retention
Supplemental Information For Users of Sirius XM In-Vehicle Services
Supplemental Information For Users of Pandora Services
Supplemental Information For Listeners of Sirius XM Podcast Content
General Audience Sites
Changes to This Policy
How to Contact Us
State Specific Rights
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia
Nevada
California
Washington (state)
Table of Our Personal Data Collection and Use Practices
1. Territorial Restrictions
The Services are controlled and operated from the United States. The Services audio and subscription services under this Policy are intended for use only by residents of the United States, except for (i) certain podcast-only subscriptions and content described below or (ii) any online merchandise store operated by Sirius XM. Please see the terms of service set forth respectively in the Sirius XM Customer Agreement at siriusxm.com and the Pandora Services Terms of Use at pandora.com.  NOTE: If you are a resident of Canada, your Sirius XM service is governed by your Customer Agreement with Sirius XM Canada Inc., and your use of the services offered through Sirius XM Canada is governed by the Sirius XM Canada Privacy Policy.
If you are not a resident of the United States, please do not interact with the Services. To enforce our territorial limits, we may collect data associated with a device to determine the country from which the device is accessing the Services. If we receive data from your device's location indicating that you are outside the United States, we may block your access to the Services from that particular device. If you attempt to access the Services when you are outside the United States, we will use your IP address to determine the territory of access in order to enforce our agreements and terms of use and may deny access to content or other Services.
International Transfer of Personal Data:  Sirius XM Podcast Content may be accessible to you through a Third Party Service in any territory that the Third Party Service operates within, including the Sirius XM Podcast + subscription offered through Apple. When you access the Sirius XM Podcast + Subscription on Apple or Sirius XM Podcast Content on another Third Party Service, including from outside of the United States, Sirius XM may collect and use some personal data about the delivery of the podcast as set forth in this Policy, including but not limited to the IP address and device requesting the podcast and how long it was listened to, as described below in Section 10 “
Supplemental Information for Listeners of Sirius XM Podcast Content
”. If you choose to access the Sirius XM Podcast Content from outside of the United States, or if you provide any personal data directly to us through the Team Coco, 99% Invisible or any other Sirius XM consumer website such as the Sirius XM merchandise store, or any interaction with Team Coco or 99% Invisible directly, you understand that your data will be transferred to and processed in the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world such as the European Union.
In addition, Sirius XM owns and operates online stores for retail purchase of merchandise licensed by Sirius XM (the “Sirius XM Stores”). Access to and use of the Sirius XM Stores is permitted from outside the United States. Sirius XM operates the Sirius XM Stores from the United States and uses service providers in the United States, Canada and the European Union.  If you choose to view products and/or purchase merchandise from any Sirius XM Store, you consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed by Sirius XM and its Store service providers in any of these locations.
By using any of the above listed Services in this section, you consent to the transfer to and processing of your personal data in the United States. Data collected or used by a Third Party Service is governed by the privacy policy of the Third Party Service.
2. Personal Data We Collect
We collect data that is linked to or can be linked to a specific individual for the purposes described in this Policy. This data, called “personal data” (sometimes also referred to as “personal information”), may be provided directly by you to us, provided to us by third parties, such as automotive manufacturers or dealers, providers of automotive services, retailers, data providers, advertisers or promotional partners, or other advertising entities, or collected from you automatically through your service usage, cookies, and other technologies. We may combine personal data we collect from these sources or through our various Services.
De-identified Data. We may de-identify your personal data using any of a variety of means, such as by removing identifying characteristics and/or blending your data with data about other individuals. Such de-identified data can no longer be associated to you and is considered non-personal to the full extent allowed by applicable law. We utilize technical and operational processes to maintain and use de-identified data and do not make attempts to re-identify it. We may use and share any non-personal information with third parties for any purpose in our discretion and as permitted by law, including for advertising, research and marketing purposes, but we require any third party receiving de-identified information from us to maintain the information as de-identified and not reassociate it to any individual. If we combine non-personal data with personal data, we treat the combined information as personal data and subject to this Policy.
3. Summary of Sirius XM Key Personal Data Practices
This section and the next present a summary of our key personal data practices.  For more detail, please see the
Sirius XM Data Collection and Use Table
at the end of this Policy for the (1) categories of personal data we collect, (2) purposes for which we collect that information, (3) categories of third parties to whom that information may be disclosed for a business purpose and (4) categories of third parties to whom the information may be sold for monetary value or other valuable consideration or shared for cross contextual behavioral advertising/targeted advertising. We encourage you to read the Table carefully.  Please also review Section 4
“More About our Data Practices”
section for certain specific types of data collection and use.
We collect personal data about you from you directly, automatically through your use of the Services, and from third parties
. The categories of personal data we collect include: 1. Registration Data, 2. Vehicle Data, 3. Payment Data, 4. Sensitive Personal Data, 5. Other Demographic Data, 6. Transaction Information, 7. Listening Preferences, 8. Account Information and Settings, 9. Device Data, 10. Audio and Visual Data, and 11. Geolocation Data (which may include precise geolocation only with your consent).
We use personal data
to deliver products and Services and facilitate your access to the Services, to manage your account and subscriptions, to personalize your listening, marketing and advertising experiences, and to send you information from us or on behalf of certain third parties. We also use personal data to troubleshoot and improve the Services, to perform market research and enhance our marketing effectiveness through modeling and optimization, to develop new products and services, and to maintain and protect our systems and your data. If you access the Services using an in-vehicle Sirius XM radio, please also review Section 8
“Supplemental Information for Users of Sirius XM In-Vehicle Services”
section for in-vehicle specific information. If you use the Pandora Services, please review Section 9
“Supplemental Information for Users of Pandora Services”
. If you access Sirius XM Podcast Content through a Sirius XM Podcast + standalone subscription or through a Third Party Service, please review Section 10
“Supplemental information for Listeners of Sirius XM Podcast Content.”
We share your personal data
for business purposes with our subsidiaries, third party service providers, vendors and licensors, other Sirius XM users when you provide access to your subscription, and unaffiliated third-party party businesses with whom we have relationships for business and advertising purposes. Sirius XM does not sell your personal data for monetary compensation. For more details, please review Section 4
“Disclosures to Third Parties”
. Please note, if you choose to participate in community forums and similar features on the Services or make requests to on-air hosts, the information you share will become public and outside the scope of  this Policy.
Sirius XM engages third party businesses for a variety of business and commercial purposes
, including service providers of technology, customer care support, marketing, shopping and shipping (such as Shopify) and payment processing (such as but not limited to Apple, Google, and Stripe Inc.). Please note that collection and use of payment information by third party merchants and payment processors is subject to the privacy policy and terms of the respective third party. For example, Stripe Inc.'s collection and processing of payment information is governed by the Stripe Privacy Policy located at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Sirius XM works with advertisers, advertising agencies, and providers of ad-related services
for targeted advertising.  Providers of ad-related services such as attribution, measurement, and analytics, may set and access their own tracking technologies (like cookies tags or pixels) on your device. They may use this information to serve and measure performance of ads for the Services when placed by us on third party publishers and channels, to serve and measure performance of third party advertisers' ads on the Services, and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Services and the effectiveness of ads. For more information, including your opt-out choices, please review Section 5
“Third Party Advertising and Analytics/Privacy Controls”
and the information set forth in the Table at the end of this Privacy Policy. This practice may be considered sale or regulated sharing under certain US state laws and residents of those states may have additional rights. For more information, please review Section 14
“State Specific Rights”
.
4. More About our Data Practices
Here is additional detail about  some specific data practices listed in the
Table
in Section 15.
Personal Data We Collect Directly From or About You.
You may provide us with the information described in the
Table
in Section 15 directly when you engage with the Services, such as signing up for an account online, through an application, or interact with a Listener Care agent. We also may collect personal data directly from you when you choose to provide to it, such as when you respond to a survey or when you conduct a transaction, such as purchasing merchandise from a Sirius XM store.
Inferences.
We use proprietary and licensed modeling tools and algorithms to infer additional information about you from your listening history, demographic data or other data that we collect directly from or indirectly about you to personalize your service, marketing and advertising.  We do not use inferences to make determinations that would have a legally significant impact on you.
Profiles.
SiriusXM-brand subscriptions may allow the creation of in-vehicle profiles for individual listeners.  If you are the primary account holder of a SiriusXM-brand subscription, you are responsible for access by anyone whose profile you allow to connect to your Sirius XM Service, and the terms of your subscription plan, the Sirius XM Customer Agreement and this Policy will apply to their use of your subscription.  If  you set up a profile for listening use on a Sirius XM-brand Service, you provide us with personal data and agree that such personal data and any listening and service usage information associated to your profile may be collected and processed to support the profile features. We do not use profile personal data for advertising or share profile personal data with third parties other than service providers. If it is technically possible and with your express consent, we may add your profile data to an account created explicitly for you when you subscribe to a SiriusXM-brand Service. The data on your subscription account will become subject to the full range of terms of this Policy.
Live Real Time Chat.
The Services may offer you a Customer Support Chat, which will record, use, and retain your information provided, as well as the communications within the chat, for purposes of assisting you during the conversation, provide related support for your account, subscription, or services, to improve our products and services, and for marketing purposes. During a Customer Support Chat, you may interact with a generative artificial intelligence. The chat session, including any information contained within it, may be retained and used by the generative AI application to learn and improve its ability to provide support to customers of the Services. If you do not consent to such recording, use and retention, please do not use the chat assistance feature.
Photos and Audio.
We may allow you to post photos or audio files to the Services or we may collect photos or audio from another interaction you have with us, such as your call interaction with a Listener Care agent, your call-in to a show or host, or your participation at a Sirius XM or Pandora live event. We do not process your photos or audio to create a record of facial geometry or use as them as a means for facial or voice recognition, facial surveillance, or in any other way as a biometric identifier. We collect your voice command when you make a verbal request to the Services; we process your voice in order to execute your request and for analysis of the success rate of the request for product improvement. Your voice command is not used to identify you individually and is not retained in association with you or your subscription. Audio that we collect from you may be shared with a third-party service provider for transcription.
Please note that to the extent that you post your photos or audio publicly onto community spaces on the Services, they will be public. In addition, when you post or share photos, videos or audio on social media or other third-party platforms, we do not control the actions of those third parties, and their use of such media will be governed by their own privacy policies.
Personal Data We Receive or Collect from Third Parties.
We may receive information about you from service providers, third parties with whom we have a business relationship (such as vehicle manufacturers, dealers, vehicle repair companies, sponsors, or licensors), retailers, content distribution platforms, advertising networks and agencies, advertising technology companies, marketing companies, data providers, sources of publicly available information, governmental or quasi-governmental agencies or organizations, and other users of the Services (such as community users, when users provide your information to gift you one of our products, share content with you, “refer a friend” or similar programs that we may offer). We may combine and store the supplemental information with other information we may have already received or collected from you, for use as set forth in this Policy.
Data We Collect Automatically: Device Data.
We, our service providers, or third parties with whom we have a business relationship may automatically collect and/or store certain data about your device when you visit or interact with the Services (“Device Data”). This Device Data may be stored and/or accessed from your computer, tablet, mobile device, or other device (including streaming media players, gaming consoles, home audio systems, connected speakers or other smart devices, and wearable devices) whenever you visit or interact with the Services. Device Data may include, but is not limited to:
Your IP address, mobile or
                             connected device identifier when made available by the device manufacturer
Information about the device such
                             as model, operating system version, date/time of access, mobile network
                             information
Approximate location of your device
                             using location inferred from IP address or if you choose to provide it (such as country, city, state or zip code)
Precise Geolocation (e.g., longitude/latitude, or proximity to beacon) only when you grant permission through your device settings.
How you use and interact with
                             the Services. This information will depend on the format and subscription
                             through which you access the Services and may include the webpage, link or
                             advertisement that referred you to the Service you are visiting, areas of
                             the Services that you visit or use, access times and time zone, listening
                             behavior (channel preferences, stations and playlists you create or listen
                             to), search terms, downloads, content you listen to or view and duration
                             of viewing, marine or aviation data, driving patterns and condition.
Device
                        Data may be collected through the following technologies:
Cookies and Local Storage.
Cookies and local storage are text files placed within a web browser or application on a device when it is used to visit the Services. Cookies only apply to websites and certain connected device applications.  For information about automatic data collection on a mobile phone, please see the section below on SDKs. Certain web browsers and browser add-ons may provide additional local data storage mechanisms. We may use cookies and similar technologies to help keep your use of the Services more secure, to study usage patterns on the Services, to study the effectiveness of our customer communications, to maintain the integrity of the Services, to measure crash analytics and other maintenance related information, to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Services or by Sirius XM on other sites, and to personalize your experience through the Services, such as to recognize you when you return to the Services. Most browsers provide you with the ability to disable, decline, or clear cookies and local storage; please check your browser's settings for further information. Some cookies are necessary for the functionality of the website (“Essential Cookies”). These cookies may not be disabled.
In addition, third parties may place cookies on our websites to improve and optimize our advertising campaigns or those of third party advertisers. Some third party advertisers may embed cookies or tags within the advertising creative that is served through the Services. These cookies or tags send information to the advertiser or its services providers to manage and measure the performance of their campaigns.
You may manage whether or not to accept cookies (other than Essential Cookies) on websites operated by Sirius XM through the Manage Cookies link on each respective website.  Note that such cookie preferences do not transfer between browsers and must be reset for each browser or device that you use to access a site. For more information about cookies, please visit
https://www.aboutcookies.org
.
Pixel Tags.
Small graphic images or other web programming code (also known as web beacons or pixel tags or 1x1 GIFs or clear GIFs) may be included in our web pages and email messages. These technologies are used to understand how end users interact with the Services, including to count visitors to the Services, to review the effectiveness of our offers and ad campaigns, to count how many of our email messages were opened, or to count how many particular products were viewed. The information we collect through this technology may include the first date and time you open our email, and whether you click any links included in our email.
Embedded Scripts.
Siriusxm.com may use an embedded script to collect information about your usage of the online Service, such as the links you click on or the time you spend on a part of the page.
Session Replay Technology.
Sirius XM may record through session replay technology details of your interactions with the Services such as what pages you visit on the website, how long you visit those pages, what sections of the page you spend the most time reviewing, and any links you click or information you provide. We use this information for our internal business purposes, such as for website analytics, to improve the Services and our products and services, and to address functionality issues.
Data
                        Collected Through Mobile and Connected Devices:
Software Development Kits (“SDKs”).
We and certain third parties with whom we have a relationship to facilitate our Service and advertising operations collect data through the use of embedded scripts and tools provided in SDKs. These SDKs are included in the app itself and may collect information when you install the mobile app or access the Services through mobile devices. Such data may include hardware model, operating system and version, device ID, mobile network information, and application usage behavior. Some Device Data may be deemed personal data, to the extent that it remains associated with a device identifiable to you in some way. When this is the case, we treat Device Data as personal data. Device Data is used for the business and commercial purposes disclosed in this Policy, such as to deliver and personalize the Services to you, to understand service usage and improve the Services, to debug, troubleshoot, prevent fraud and other security related purposes, to identify you across devices for service and advertising purposes, and to facilitate your request to log in to the Service through a third party or social media platform, conduct a transaction through a third party or share content with a friend or other third party account. Settings specific to your mobile or connected device manufacturer may allow you to change or block the transmission of your device ID and other Device Data. Please see the privacy policy of your device manufacturer for details. Sirius XM does not sell personal data collected through SDKs to third parties nor allow third parties to collect such information directly for monetary consideration.
Connected
                        Devices.
The Services may also be accessed through third party devices such as connected set top boxes or media players, speakers or other smart devices, gaming consoles, or other similar devices. Sirius XM does not control these devices, your underlying subscription with that device, or their collection and use of your personal data, including in relationship to targeted advertising they may deliver through a connected device. Please contact the manufacturer of the connected device or purveyor of the connected services for information on their privacy practices and policies.
Sharing with Third Parties
We may share personal data we have collected about you in the circumstances described below or elsewhere in the Policy. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party with whom you interact or who interacts with you directly. If you decide that you do not want to receive communications from a third party, or have questions about their privacy practices, you will need to contact the third party.
A.
Other SiriusXM Users
Personal data on your account or subscription may be accessible to others that you allow to interact with your account/subscription. It is solely your choice whether or not you allow other individuals to have access to your account or sign-in credentials. This includes individuals whom you allow to use or access any streaming account associated with your SiriusXM brand audio subscription. Please note that if you leave your profile open on an active SiriusXM in-vehicle account, other drivers of the vehicle may be able to view certain profile information. You are responsible for managing your profile, including removing it from a vehicle. You may do so through your
Profile Management Portal
. Visit
https://www.siriusxm.com/help/profiles-2
for more information.
B.
Subsidiaries
Sirius XM may share personal data collected in conjunction with the Services with our subsidiaries for business, analytical, marketing, operational and advertising purposes and to offer, provide, and improve services and products offered both individually and jointly.
C.
Unaffiliated
                        Third-Party Business Relationships
We may share your email address with unaffiliated third parties with whom we have a business relationship for ours or for their own business and advertising purposes. These third parties may include companies with whom we have marketing, licensing, sponsorship, product or service distribution, advertising or similar agreements. Such third party's use of the personal data is subject to their privacy policy and data practices. You may opt-out of our sharing of your email address for third-party marketing through your Sirius XM Online Account Center (for former or current SiriusXM audio subscribers) or by sending an email request to opt-out of sharing for third-party marketing to
privacy @siriusxm.com
or
privacy@pandora.com
, depending upon your subscription service. Opt-out requests received via these channels may take up to 15 business days to process. We may also share your personal data with unaffiliated third parties who provide services to help us find new audiences that will be most responsive to our services and communications and to help us optimize our marketing and advertising campaigns. We may use personal data, such as your email address, to create an identifier that is less identifiable to you directly (a pseudonym), that would be used to deliver you relevant or personalized advertising across unaffiliated websites, applications or devices without sharing your directly identifying information. Some states give their residents the right to opt-out of the sharing of personal data for use in targeted or behavioral advertising or in certain other contexts.  Please see Section 14
“State-Specific Rights”
for additional information.
Note that when you elect to accept a promotional
                        offer for a service offered by a third party as part of a Sirius XM premium or
                        other subscription service, we will only share information with that third
                        party in order to confirm your eligibility for the associated service or as
                        needed to maintain your access to the promotion, unless you consent to additional
                        sharing or uses by the third party.
D
.
Third
                        Parties to Whom you Agree or Direct Us to Share Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data when you expressly consent or otherwise direct us to do so. For example, you may direct us to share your information with a Third Party Service in order to have access to Sirius XM Podcast + subscription content using the third party's platform.
E.
Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms
We may facilitate interactions with social
                        media or other
third party
platforms which may include
                        the ability to “like” or “share” content. You may also have the opportunity to
                        log in through or otherwise connect your
third party
platform account to your subscription Service. When you interact with these
third party
platforms through the Services, we will receive your
                        personal data from the third party platform service and you agree to share data,
                        which may be personal, about your interactions with the Service with that
                        social media service. We may also receive personal data identifying you if
                        other users of social media give us access to their profiles and you are one of
                        their connections or “friends.”
Personal data collected and stored by the third party is subject to that third party’s privacy practices, including, without limitation, whether the third party continues to share data with us, the types of data shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third-party website or service. The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature; however we may retain data previously collected.
A third party platform or service, such as Facebook/Meta or TikTok, may place cookies on your device or and/or on the Services that collect information about your use of the Services, including your IP address or other device identifiers, and which pages you visit on the Services. The third party platform may be able to collect personal data about you on your visits to the Services regardless of whether or not you affirmatively interact with the feature and whether or not you are logged into (or have) an account with the third party platform. If you are logged out or do not have an account and visit a page with a social plug-in, your browser sends a more limited set of data, such as the webpage you are visiting, the date and time of your visit, and other browser-related information. Please see
Section 5
about how to manage cookies and tags online.
F.
Information You Disclose Publicly.
Services may offer message boards, chats, forums, and other public areas (“
Community Forums
”) where you can choose to interact with others and/or to post or submit comments, images, and content. Note that anything you choose to disclose in such a Community Forum is public. Similarly, any information you choose to post to a social media or third-party platform will be publicly available. This Policy does not apply to collection and use of such public information. Think carefully before you post and use caution before disclosing any personal data.
G.
Public Broadcasting/On
                        Air.
If you provide us with personal data when making a request such as a birthday
                        announcement, comments or suggestions, or content requests, we may use the personal
                        data you provide in accordance with this Policy, including to announce your
                        name and request on the air where relevant.
H.
Sweepstakes, Promotions, and Surveys.
<
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, in-studio events, giveaways, research
                        surveys and other promotions (any of which, a “Promotion”) that require
                        registration or request additional information. By participating in a
                        Promotion, you are agreeing to the provisions, conditions, or official rules
                        that govern the Promotion, which may contain specific requirements (including,
                        allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice, likeness, or
                        other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing materials
where
allowed by law). If you choose to enter a Promotion,
                        personal data may be disclosed to third parties, to vendors facilitating the
                        implementation of the Promotion, or to the public in connection with the
                        administration of such Promotion, including in connection with winner
                        selection, prize fulfillment, as required by law, or as permitted by the
                        Promotion's terms or official rules.
I.
Third Parties in the Course
                        of a Business Transition.
In the event one or more entities of Sirius XM
                        goes through a business transition, Sirius XM reserves the right to disclose
                        and transfer all personal data related to the respective Services to the full
                        extent allowed by law (including, without limitation, during the course of any
                        due diligence process): (
i
) to a subsequent owner,
                        co-owner or operator of the Services; or (ii) in connection with a corporate
                        merger, consolidation, restructuring, bankruptcy, the sale of certain of Sirius
                        XM’s ownership interests, assets, or both, or other company change. By
                        providing your information, you understand and agree that we may transfer such
                        information to the acquiring entity without your further consent, except where
                        required by law.
5. Third Party Advertising and Analytics/Privacy Controls
Sirius XM engages in third party business relationships, including with advertising companies, ad agencies, ad tech providers, measurement and attribution vendors, and analytics providers to place and display Sirius XM ads, to deliver third party ads on the Services, and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Services and ad effectiveness. In addition, some advertisers, agencies and ad tech vendors may utilize their own tracking technologies embedded in their ads or on your device, and they may otherwise collect or have access to data about your device and other information about you, some of which may be personal data under certain state laws. Some of these parties may collect personal data over time when you visit the Services or other online websites and services. We may share data that has been aggregated, de-identified, or pseudonymized or Device Data and location information with advertising companies, analytics providers, and attribution and measurement vendors, including for the purpose of serving you more relevant ads on and off the Services.
There are a variety of means and
                        tools that allow you to place some limits on the collection and use of your
                        personal data for targeted and/or cross device behavioral advertising by third
                        parties, or by Sirius XM on other sites and applications:
Cookie Opt-Out Tools
.
To disable sharing through cookies set on our site by third parties for advertising and analytics purposes, please adjust your settings by clicking on either Cookie Settings or Manage Cookies from the footer of our webpages.
NAI/DAA Opt-Out
.
Some advertising companies are members of the
                        Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”).
                        The NAI provides information regarding targeted advertising, the
opt-out
                        procedures of NAI members
, and a tool to opt out from participating
                        NAI members using your hashed email address for interest-based advertising. You
                        may also want to visit the
DAA’s website
for
more
about
                        targeted advertising and an opt-out for DAA-participating companies.
Mobile Device/
AppChoices
.
Mobile
                        devices contain settings that may allow you to disable tracking advertising or
                        analytics. If you are using an iOS-based device and do not want to receive
                        advertisements personalized to you or your individual interests, you may be
                        able to limit these advertisements by enabling “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS
                        Device following the
instructions provided
                        by Apple
. If you are using an Android-based device and do not wish
                        to receive advertisements personalized to you, you can visit
Google’s Ads Settings page
from a browser on your Android-based device and make your choices there. In addition, the digital advertising industry has provided the
                        ability for mobile users to register at
AppChoices
for their intent not to receive targeted advertising.
Google Analytics/Adobe
                        Analytics.
We utilize Google
                        Analytics and Adobe Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies, to
                        collect and analyze information about the use of the Services and report on
                        activities and trends. These services may also collect information about the
                        use of other websites, apps, and online services. You can
learn
                        about Google’s practices
, and opt out of them by downloading the
Google
                        Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Learn
                        about Adobe’s practices here.
Note that cookie settings and other technological controls are specific to the browser or device on which such control is implemented. When cookies or other such tags are disabled, we are not able to recognize you when you use a different device to access the Services, and therefore cannot apply the settings from the initial device. You will need to manage your cookies and tag settings as well as any global privacy controls individually on each device with which you access the Services.
Please note, it is not possible to opt-out of all advertising on the Services. Advertising allows the Services to be delivered with limited ads at a generally lower subscription cost to you, or, with certain Services such as through the free ad-supported subscription tier of Pandora Services where available, at no additional subscription fee. Using any combination of the methods described here to opt-out of personalized or individually targeted advertising means only that you will not receive ads that are not tailored to you as a unique individual. By continuing to access the Services, you understand that even in light of your cookie settings and other opt-out choices, you will continue to receive ads, which may be delivered based on non-personalized information about the context or genre of the content to which you are listening, or the general demographic or behavioral interest profile of listeners of certain content, types of music, or titles or episodes of podcasts. You may also receive ads that are delivered generally to anyone in a certain geographical region or based on aggregated or non-personal data.
6. Your Choices and Opt Out Rights
A.
Marketing
                        Messages from Us.
You can manage how
                        we use your personal data to contact you with regard to Sirius XM services by
                        setting your contact preferences.
Please
                        visit
here
for additional information and instructions on how to do so.
We may also provide you with options to manage
                        how we communicate with you for marketing purposes for each of the Sirius XM
                        Services through the contact or notification preferences under your account or
                        profile settings online or in the respective app
.
Email.
You
may unsubscribe from marketing emails and newsletters we send you through the
                            opt-out link included in the footer of each such email. You may also opt-out of
                            email marketing communications about Sirius XM satellite and streaming services
                            using the Sirius XM Email Communications Preference Center at
https://pc2.mypreferences.com/SiriusXMV2/Customer/EmailRequest
.
Team Coco
                            services users may opt out by sending an email to
legal@teamcoco.com
. 99% Invisible users may opt out through the opt-out link included in the footer of each e-mail or by contacting
contact@99pi.org
. We will continue to send you certain communications relating to your use of the Services, renewal
                            notices, notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or other terms, or similar
                            administrative and transactional messages.
Text Messages
. Sirius XM may use text messaging to send you offers, to
                                facilitate account management or otherwise assist you in your access to the
                                Services or your subscription. To the extent that you choose to stop receiving
                                marketing texts you may unsubscribe by replying “STOP” to the short code.
Your consent to receive text messages will not be given to a third party for purposes related to other goods and services.
Push Notifications.
We may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts through
                                the Services. You control whether you receive those messages in your device
                                settings at any time.
B. Changing Your Information.
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as contact information you have provided for your account. You may be able make changes to your account information using the settings under your account.
Sirius XM.
Former or current subscribers
                                to Sirius XM services may visit Sirius XM Listener Care online at
http://www.siriusxm.com/contactus
, or log into your Online Account Center to update your information. You may also call SiriusXM Listener Care at 1-855-539- 1-888-539-7474 and ask to update your information.
Pandora.
Pandora users may update their
                            account information through their Settings page or contact
the
User Support
team for assistance
. You may find further instructions on how to modify your information by visiting help.pandora.com.
Team Coco.
If you joined the Team Coco
                            mailing list or otherwise provided personal data to Team Coco that you would
                            like to update, please contact
legal@teamcoco.com
.
99% Invisible.
If you subscribed to the 99% Invisible mailing list or otherwise interacted with 99% Invisible with personal data that you would like to update, please contact
contact@99pi.org
.
Note that when you edit your personal data or change your preferences, the previous information will be retained internally as part of the history of your account for analytical, administrative, legal and security purposes, or within backup media. If you have made any public postings on the Services including community forums or on social media platforms, those communications generally cannot be removed even if you cancel or deactivate your account.
C. For Users of Sirius XM Brand Audio Services
Telemarketing.
You
                            may opt out of telemarketing sales calls by placing your phone number on our
                            “Do Not Call” list using the instructions in our “Do Not Call” Policy available
here
and via the link from the footer of our home page on siriusxm.com. We may have
                            more than one telephone number on record for you or your household members; you
                            must specify all the phone numbers you are directing us to not call. Although
                            your request will be processed immediately, it may take up to ten (10) days to
                            remove your information from active telemarketing and solicitation lists that
                            are in flight. Please note, even if you opt out of telemarketing sales calls, you
                            may continue to receive calls for service and account-related matters.
Direct Mail.
If you prefer to not receive any marketing offers via direct mail, please visit the communications section in your account to indicate your preference. Please note such requests must be renewed every three (3) years. Please note, even if you tell us that you do not wish to receive Opting out of marketing direct mail from us, we will continue to send transactional communications relating to your subscription, account, or use of the Services, such as renewals, or administrative and services announcements, or communications that we have a legal obligation to send to you; we may continue to send such transactional communications by direct mail even if you opt-out of marketing mailings.
7. Security and Retention
Sirius XM takes commercially
                        reasonable steps designed to secure your personal data;
however
no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission, or electronic
                        storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Sirius XM cannot
                        ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect. You use the Services
                        and provide us your information at your own risk.
We retain personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy, including to provide the Services to you; to send you information related to Sirius XM, our products and services and your account; to conduct internal research, develop and improve new products and services; to exercise the choices and rights you have requested; to comply with our contractual obligations; to protect our legal rights and obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our Customer Agreement and Terms for Use or the terms for any other Service; and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
8. Supplemental Information for Sirius XM In-Vehicle Services Users
If you access the SiriusXM audio Services using in-vehicle hardware, please know that the following additional data collection and handling may apply:
Special Types of Data and Uses
SiriusXM audio Services may be delivered to your vehicle by satellite, through the wireless connection installed in your vehicle by your vehicle manufacturer, or a combination of these. Your make and model of vehicle determine what type of SiriusXM service delivery your vehicle is capable of.
Please see your vehicle manufacturer or dealer for more information about the radio in your vehicle.
We may collect information from the automotive manufacturer or from third parties about the vehicle and your ownership, such as your VIN, vehicle make, model, and year. We collect your license plate number only when you provide it to us directly as part of our authentication of you in association with your vehicle.
Satellite-Only Radios. SiriusXM satellite-only radios can only receive data from the SiriusXM satellite network and cannot transmit service usage, location or other information from the radio or the vehicle.
A.
Information from the Vehicle
- We may collect information from the vehicle about the vehicle or your use of it, such as the VIN, vehicle make, model, and year, or vehicle usage metrics such as when the vehicle ignition starts or stops. We may also collect information about your use of the Services in the vehicle, such as which presets you use, how long you listen, when you navigate to the Service or away from it. For further information about our use of Vehicle Information, please see the
Table
in Section 15 of this Policy.
B.
Device Data from Enabled Radios
- Certain vehicles deploy technology that uses a combination of the SiriusXM satellite network and a wireless Internet connection by modem, or for certain electric vehicle manufacturers, employs a direct voice over IP wireless connection in the vehicle (each of these embedded systems, an “
Enabled Radio
”). When the modem in the vehicle is activated, an Enabled Radio may transmit Device Data and other service usage data such as your favorites and presets and data about your usage of the radio and our service, to Sirius XM, our service providers, and/or the automotive manufacturer.  We use this information to maintain your settings, troubleshoot and improve service delivery and performance, personalize and facilitate the service we provide to you, offer you recommendations and other personalization options, tailor communications to your interests, personalize advertising delivered to you, and other purposes set forth in this Policy.
C.
Vehicle Location Data.
Sirius XM does not collect the precise geolocation of your vehicle and will not collect such information unless we expressly ask you and you provide your consent. You may have a setting in your vehicle to disable the capability of the vehicle to transmit geolocation. The effect of selecting this setting is determined by your vehicle manufacturer. Depending on the vehicle's configuration, disabling the capability to transmit geolocation may also result in disabling the modem or other IP connectivity for Sirius XM or other features in your vehicle. With an active subscription, you may continue to receive Sirius XM satellite radio service without recommendations or other individual or personalized features. You will also lose access to profiles. You may also lose optimal functionality of Traffic, Travel Link and related infotainment services while driving. Please see your owner's manual, or contact your vehicle manufacturer or dealer for more information.
Your Choices for Enabled Radios
- You may have privacy settings in your vehicle that can disable or limit the capability of the vehicle to transmit data from the modem in your vehicle  including if applicable, geolocation. The effect of selecting this setting is determined by your vehicle manufacturer. Depending on the vehicle's configuration, disabling the capability to transmit geolocation may also result in fully disabling the modem or other IP connectivity for Sirius XM or other features in your vehicle. Sirius XM does not collect the precise geolocation of your vehicle but does rely on other data transmitted to and from your vehicle to provide the full personalized experience of the Sirius XM audio service. If the modem is disabled and you maintain an active subscription, you may continue to receive Sirius XM satellite radio service without recommendations or other individual or personalized features. You will also lose access to profiles. You may also lose optimal functionality while driving of any Traffic Plans, TravelLink and related infotainment services to which you are subscribed. Please see your owner's manual, or contact your vehicle manufacturer or dealer for more information.
9. Supplemental Information for Pandora Services Users
If you access and use the Pandora digital streaming audio service, please know that in addition to the collection, use, and sharing of personal data set forth in this Policy, the following apply:
A.
Your Choices Related to Your Pandora Profile
a.
Profile Visibility
-
                        Your profile and listening activity are public. When the visibility of your
                        profile is set to public, your listening activity is automatically published to
                        your profile. For example, if you create a new station or thumb up a song, that
                        activity will be posted in your profile and publicly visible. You may adjust
                        your profile visibility settings by visiting help.pandora.com.
Please note that changes to the visibility of
                        your profile do not have any impact on the advertising you may see if you use
                        the ad-supported version of the service.
b.
Cached Profiles on Search Engines
- Even upon deactivating your account or making your profile private, Internet
                        search engines such as Google and Bing cache publicly available webpages for a
                        period of time beyond our control and may make your deactivated or formerly
                        public profile available to users of their services on their platforms until
                        such time as they refresh their webpage cache. Please consult with the
                        applicable search engine to determine how you may remove webpages from their
                        webpage cache.
10. Supplemental Information for Listeners of Sirius XM Podcast Content
Sirius XM Podcast Content consists of podcasts created originally or licensed from other creators by Sirius XM. The Sirius XM Podcast Content may be available to you through the Services, or you may be able to access certain Sirius XM Podcast Content directly or through a Third Party Service that distributes podcast content to you through your account with that third party. You may also purchase a Sirius XM Podcast+ subscription from Sirius XM through a Third Party Service that works with the Podcast+ subscription.  Through whichever distribution platform you access Sirius XM Podcast Content, Sirius XM may collect your IP address, coarse location such as country, state or city from which you are listening, information around the podcast usage (such as how long you listened) and certain Device Data, such as operating system and device type. In addition to uses set forth in this Policy for data collected by Sirius XM for the Services, collected information may be shared with creators, service providers, and advertising entities including technology companies, advertisers, and publishers. It may be used to deliver the content, troubleshoot, prevent fraud, provide reporting, perform internal analysis and product improvement, deliver ads and manage ad reporting and performance. In the case of content delivered through Third Party Services, Sirius XM collects and uses data derived from the listener of the Sirius XM Podcast Content, including IP address, in a non-personal manner and does not attempt to associate the information to you as an individual. We do not combine information associated to a particular IP address across other unaffiliated devices, applications or websites over time. Sirius XM may also use the content of podcast episodes to determine which ad or advertiser to place within the content, but Sirius XM does not collect, store or associate the podcast content with you as an individual person for advertising purposes.
11. General Audience Sites
Users must be 18 and older to sign up for use
                        of the Sirius XM services. The Services
                        are not intended for use by individuals younger than 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect any personal data from
                        individuals younger than the age of 13.
12. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any
                        time. If we make material changes to our privacy policy, we will update the
                        effective date and post a notice on the Services. We may also provide notice to
                        you in other ways, such as through contact information you have provided, and
                        provide you with the ability to opt-in or opt-out of the changes as required by
                        law. Note that when applicable, you may need to consent to a revised policy in
                        order to continue to use the Services. Your continued use of any of the Services
                        after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy will constitute your
                        consent to those changes to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law.
13. How to Contact Us
You may contact us by email at
privacy@siriusxm.com
or
privacy@pandora.com
, respective to your subscription
                        service. The information you provide is used to respond directly to your
                        questions or comments. We may also file your comments and share them with our
                        consumer care team to improve our service in the future. If you still have
                        questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please write us at:
Sirius XM Radio LLC
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
8550 Freeport Parkway
Irving, Texas 75063
14. State Specific Rights
As set forth below, residents of certain U.S. states may have the ability to exercise additional rights and choices regarding their personal data. We will take reasonable steps to accommodate your request but may need to verify your identity before doing so.
A.
Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia.
We set forth in this Policy the
                        categories of personal data we process, the purpose for processing personal
                        data, the categories of personal data shared, and the categories of third
                        parties with whom personal data is shared. Residents of  CO, CT, OR, TX, UT, and VA have certain privacy rights with respect to this data, as
                        described below.
Your Rights
Access Your Information/Obtain
                        Your Information/Data Portability
(CO, CT, DE, IA, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, TX, UT, VA Residents) - You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data and request to access such data, obtain a copy of your personal data, and, to the extent feasible, in a readily usable format to allow data portability. Your state may also provide you the right to request a list with certain additional information about certain third parties to which Sirius XM may have disclosed your personal data.
Delete Your Information
(CO, CT, DE, IA, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, TX, UT, VA Residents). You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data, subject to certain exemptions and exceptions.
Correct Your Information
(CO, CT, DE, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, TX, VA Residents). You have the right to correct the personal data we hold about you.
Sensitive Data.
If you are a CO, CT, DE, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, TX, or VA resident, to the extent Sirius XM processes sensitive data, we will obtain your consent to the processing of any Sensitive Data (as defined by the applicable state law) before any such data is collected. You may also opt out using the methods to exercise your rights listed below in this section. If you are a IA or UT resident, you have the right to opt out of the processing of Sensitive Data, each as defined by the UT privacy law, to the extent that Sirius XM processes any such data.
Opt-Out of Sale of Your Personal Data and Targeted Advertising
Advertising (CO, CT, DE, IA, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, TX, UT, VA residents) - You have the right to opt-out of “Sale” of personal data or from the use of personal data in “Targeted Advertising”, as defined by the applicable state law, using the methods to exercise your rights listed below in this section. Sirius XM does not sell personal data to third parties for monetary compensation. Sharing of IP address or mobile ad IDs with third party advertising vendors and certain other targeted advertising practices may constitute a “sale” under definitions set forth in certain stateCO, CT, OR, and TX laws. Please note that opting out of “sale” , , OR, or TXor “targeted advertising” in any of these states will not opt you out of all advertising. You may continue to receive ads delivered through the Services based on listening content, region, or other general categories to which non-personal data applies.
Cookie Based Opt-outs for Sale and Targeted Advertising
Sirius XM may use technologies, such as cookies and pixels, in the course of web-based or online advertising, analytics or similar activities that collect or share personal data in a manner that may constitute a “sale” or support “targeted advertising” under certain state laws. You may opt out of cookies set by third parties for advertising or analytics by launching the Cookie Settings from the footer of our web pages. Please also review the
Third Party Advertising and Analytics
section above for information on industry tools and device settings that may be available to you.
Right to Opt-Out of Profiling in furtherance of legal or similarly significant effects.
Sirius XM does not process personal data for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Right to Appeal
(CO, CT, DE, IA, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, TX, and VA Residents) - You have the right to appeal our decision relating to your request. You may submit an appeal using the Sirius XM appeal form
here
or the Pandora appeal form
here
,
                        depending on your subscription service and follow the instructions on the form.
If you wish to appeal a Team
                        Coco decision, please contact
legal@teamcoco.com
. If you wish to appeal a 99% Invisible decision, please contact us using the appeal form
here
. Please
                        include your full name, the basis for your appeal, and any additional
                        information to consider.
Exercise Your Rights
If you are a Consumer residing in CO, CT, DE, IA, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, TX, VA, or UT (as defined in each state's respective law) and would like to exercise your applicable rights as outlined above:
Right to Correct Only
.
SiriusXM subscribers. You may exercise this right directly through your Online Account Center (SiriusXM users) or by contacting SiriusXM Listener Care at 1-888-539-7474 during posted hours.
Pandora listeners may use the settings section
                                    in the Pandora app or contact
privacy@pandora.com
.
Team Coco customers, please contact
legal@teamcoco.com
.
99% Invisible users, please contact
contact@99pi.org
.
All
                                Other Applicable Rights
- Please submit your consumer data rights
                                request through the method associated with your respective subscription or
                                service:
Sirius XM
                                listeners - please submit using the online form
here
or call 1-800-869-5593
                                to submit a request.
Pandora
                                listeners - please use
this
online
                                form or send a request to
privacy@pandora.com
.
TeamCoco listeners - please submit your request
legal@teamcoco.com
.
99% Invisible listeners - please submit your request using the form here or email us at
contact@99pi.org
.
Authorized Agents Submitting Opt-Out Requests for Sales and Targeted Advertising (CO, CT, DE, MT, NE, NH, NJ, OR, and TX Residents Only)
- If you are an authorized agent submitting a request to opt out of sales or targeted advertising on behalf of a resident of a state that permits such submissions by authorized agent, please submit the request pursuant to the instructions on the respective form. We may authenticate the consumer's identity and that you are authorized to submit the request on the consumer's behalf in order to be able to fulfill your request. Please keep in mind that if we cannot authenticate that you are authorized to act on the consumer's behalf or we cannot authenticate the consumer's identity, we may deny the request.
B.
Nevada
.If you are a Nevada resident please note that we do not sell your personal data (or “covered information”) as defined in Nevada S.B. 220. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you may still submit an opt-out request, and if our practices were to change in the future, we would honor your request. Your request to opt out of the sale of your covered information must be submitted to
privacy@siriusxm.com or
privacy@pandora.com, depending on your subscription service with the subject line “
Nevada Do Not Sell Request
” along with your full name, street address, city, state, zip code, whether you are a former or a current subscriber/listener and a valid email address so that we can contact you if needed regarding your request. If you previously provided a phone number, including it will assist us in making sure we identify you as someone who wants to opt out. You may be required to take reasonable steps as we determine from time to time to verify your identity and/or the authenticity of your request. Note: in order to process a request from a former or current subscriber/listener, your email address must match the email address on your account.
C.
California
.
Your
                        Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and as amended
                        by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA)
: If you are a
                        California resident, please see
YOUR CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT
                        RIGHTS
for additional information about your privacy rights and how
                        to exercise them.
Global
                        Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) Signals.
Global Privacy Controls (“GPC”) and Do Not Track
                        (“DNT”) offered by some web browsers are settings that automatically inform
                        websites of your privacy preferences. When you choose to turn on the GPC/DNT
                        setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites,
                        analytics companies, ad networks, plug in providers, and/or other web services
                        you encounter while browsing to exercise your privacy rights and stop tracking
                        your activity. You can learn more about and set up GPC
here
:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#about
and set up Do Not Track
here
:
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
. We comply with GPC as required under applicable
                        law, but because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to
                        browser DNT signals, we do not currently respond to them.
Your
                        Rights under
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil
                        Code Section 1798.83, also known as S.B. 27).
California residents have the
                        right to request from companies conducting business in California certain
                        information relating to third parties to which the company has disclosed
                        certain categories of personal information during the preceding year for the
                        third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that
                        a company may comply, as Sirius XM does, by disclosing in its privacy policy
                        that it provides consumers choice (opt in or opt out) regarding sharing
                        personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing
                        purposes, and information on how to exercise that choice. As stated in this
                        Privacy Policy, Sirius XM provides you choice prior to sharing your personal
                        information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you do
                        not opt-in or if you opt-out at the time we offer that choice, we do not share
                        your information with that identified third party for its direct marketing
                        purposes.
If you are a California resident and you have
                        questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third
                        parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise
                        choice, please write to us at: Sirius XM Radio LLC, 1221 Avenue of the
                        Americas, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10104, Attn: Legal Department – Shine the
                        Light Privacy Request. Shine the Light requests that come to us by other means
                        may result in a delayed response. You must include your name, street address,
                        city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled
                        or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
D.
Washington
.
Under Washington state law, consumers have the right to know about the collection, sharing, sale, and use of health-related data about them. Sirius XM does not collect, share, sell, or use health-related data about consumers, as defined under the Washington My Health My Data Act.
15. TABLE OF OUR DATA COLLECTION AND USE PRACTICES
The following Table sets out by
category of personal data collected:
A.
The
                                purposes for which personal data is collected;
B.
Categories
                            of third parties to whom personal data may be disclosed for a business
purpose; and
C.
Categories
                            of third parties to whom the information may be sold for monetary value or
                            other valuable consideration or shared for cross contextual behavioral or
                            targeted advertising, each term as defined by applicable law
Please
                        Note All Categories of Personal Data Below May be Used for the Following
                        Purposes
:
Legal
(
to resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and
                            policies; protect our or others’ rights/assets; comply with
our
contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other
                            legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations
),
Business
Transitions
(
in connection with a merger, acquisition,
                            consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, affecting all or part
                            of our assets, including during due diligence
),
Security
(
to protect the Services; investigate, detect,
                            prevent, and protect against issues of our systems, fraud, crime, or other
                            activities that violate our policies or applicable laws; to protect the health
                            and safety of our users or the general public
), and
Other
                            purposes as disclosed at the time of collection or with your consent.
Please
                        Note All Categories of Personal Data Below May be Disclosed
To
the Following
:
Law Enforcement and Government
                            Agencies/Where Required
By
Law
(including third parties in connection with court or other legal actions
                            including valid subpoenas)
Third
                            parties in the course of a Business Transition
Third
                            parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information
Other service providers
who use your personal data to provide services to us or to you.
Category of Personal Data
A. Purpose for Collection
B. Categories of Third Parties Personal
                                    Data is Disclosed To
C. Third Parties to whom Personal Data
                                    is Sold or Shared for Targeted Advertising
Registration Data -
This may include your name, email
                                    address, mailing address, phone number, birth year, zip code.
A.
                          Purposes for Collection
:
1. Provide
                          You Services
(process
                          transactions and orders;
facilitate access to Sirius XM services,
                          create and manage your account on Services; identify and recognize you across
                          services and devices; send service and account related communications;
                          respond to your inquiries; provide customer service; send you information
                          that you requested or agreed to receive such as newsletters; facilitate your
                          participation in activities you sign up for such as sweepstakes, contests,
                          research);
2. Internal Business Purposes
(provide and improve our
                          services; develop new products and services; market research, auditing and
                          publication; understand how you use our services, including analyzing trends
                          and usage patterns; analyze the effectiveness of our marketing efforts);
3. Marketing
(to send you special deals, offers, invites to events, and
                          similar information from us or third parties);
4. Advertising
(to
                          identify your preferences, tailor content, including advertising and
                          listening recommendations, to you on the Services and on other websites and
                          services; to monitor and control the ad delivery, performance and frequency);
5. Administrative
(investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal
                          activities; detect and troubleshoot technical issues).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to
:
1. Technology Systems Service Providers
(including web hosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service
                          providers,
cloud computing providers,
                          technology maintenance, repair),
2. Customer Service Providers
(call
                          centers, live chat agents, automated and artificial intelligence chat providers, email delivery and text messaging vendors),
3. Order
                          Fulfillment Service Providers
(payment processors, order fulfillment
                          centers, delivery services, order tracking vendors),
4. Third-Party Business
                          Relationships
(unaffiliated
                          parties that are joint marketing and licensing relationships),
5
.
Sweepstakes/Promotions
                          Vendors
,
6
.
Third-Party Advertising Entities and Analytics Providers
(analytics companies, advertising agencies),
7.
Subsidiaries, 8
. Other Sirius XM Users
(including those on your account/subscription)
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
1.Third-Party Advertising Entities and
                          Analytics Providers,
2.Third-Party Business Relationships
Vehicle Data -
This
                          may include vehicle identification number (VIN), vehicle make, model, and
                          year, and vehicle metrics (such as date and time stamp of ignition on,
                          odometer reading, and data usage amount).
A.
                          Purposes for Collection:
1. Provide
                          You Services
(process
                          transactions and orders;
facilitate access to Sirius XM services,
                          create and manage your account on Services; provide customer service);
2. Administrative
(investigate and prevent
                          fraud and other illegal activities; detect and troubleshoot technical issues).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties Personal Data Is Disclosed to:
1. Other Sirius XM Users
(including those on your account/subscription),
2. Technology
Systems Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts, cloud
                          computing providers, technology maintenance, software-as-a-service providers,
                          repair),
3. Customer Service Providers
(call centers, live chat
                          agents, automated chat providers)
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom Personal Data is Sold or Shared for Targeted
                          Advertising:
This category of data
                          is not sold or shared for targeted advertising.
Payment Data
(if
                          you purchase a product or service from Sirius XM directly
)
-
This
                          may include, credit or debit card number, expiration date, billing zip code,
                          secure payment token associated with your payment card
.
A.
                          Purposes for Collection:
1. Provide
                          You Services (
process
                          transactions, orders, and refunds);
2. Administrative
(to conduct sales audits, manage chargebacks, investigate and prevent
                          fraud and other illegal activities).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1. Customer Service Providers
(call centers, live chat agents),
2.
Order
Fulfillment Service Providers
(payment processors,
                          order fulfillment centers, delivery services, order tracking vendors),
3.Security
                          Vendors
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
This category of data
                          is not sold or shared for targeted advertising.
Sensitive Personal Data
(data revealing ethnic origin/race, mental or physical
                          health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship
                          or citizenship status).
A.
                          Purposes for Collection:
1. Internal Business Purposes
(market research; understand how you use our services, including analyzing trends and usage patterns);
2. Advertising
(to tailor content, including advertising and listening recommendations, to you on the Services and on other websites and services);
3. Marketing
(to send you special deals, offers, invites to events, and similar information from us or third parties).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1
.
Technology
                          Systems Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts,
                          software-as-a-service providers, cloud computing providers, technology
                          maintenance, repair),
2.
Subsidiaries
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
Third-Party Advertising Entities and
                          Analytics Providers
Precise Geolocation Data of Device
(may be considered Sensitive Personal Data under applicable state law) - means location derived by technological means within 1750 feet.
A. Purposes for Collection:
1. Advertising (to tailor content, including advertising and listening recommendations, based on your location; to manage advertising campaigns and report on and understand performance); 2. Administrative (troubleshooting service problems; investigate and prevent security incidents and threats, fraud and other illegal activities).
B. Categories of Third Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1. Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service providers, cloud computing providers, technology maintenance, repair, security vendors), 2. Third-Party Advertising Entities and Analytics Providers (analytics companies, marketing agencies), 3. Security Vendors, 4. Subsidiaries
C. Categories of Third Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
1. Subsidiaries, 2. Third-Party Advertising Entities and Analytics Providers
Other Demographic Data
-
This may include gender, marital status, number of drivers in your
                          household, name of your university and military affiliation (active duty,
                          veteran),
consumer interest segments.
A.
                          Purposes for Collection:
1. Provide
                          You Services (
facilitate
                          access to Sirius XM services, create and manage your account on Services;
determine
                          and verify eligibility for student and military discounts; facilitate your
                          participation in activities you sign up for such as sweepstakes, contests,
                          research);
2. Internal Business Purposes
(market research; understand
                          how you use our services, including analyzing trends and usage patterns);
3. Marketing
(to send you special deals, offers, invites to events, and similar
                          information from us or third parties);
4. Advertising
(to tailor
                          content, including advertising and listening recommendations, to you on the
                          Services and on other websites and services).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1. Technology Systems Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service
                          providers, cloud computing providers, technology maintenance, repair),
2. Customer
Service Providers
,
3
.
Third-Party Business Relationships
(parties that are joint marketing and licensing relationships),
4. Security
                          Vendors, 5. Sweepstakes/Promotions Vendors
,
6. Third-Party Advertising Entities
                          and Analytics Providers
(analytics companies, advertising agencies), 7
.
Subsidiaries
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
1. Third-Party Advertising Entities and
                          Analytics Providers,
2. Third-Party Business Relationships
Transaction Data
- (This may include subscription status, services and products purchased or considered, purchase and cancellation history, amount of purchase, date of purchase)
A.
                          Purposes for Collection:
1. Provide
                          You Services (
facilitate
                          access to Sirius XM services, create and manage your account on Services; send
transactional messages regarding your use
                          of the services, purchases, and other
service
                          and account related communications; provide customer service);
2. Internal
                          Business Purposes
(provide and improve our services; market research,
                          auditing and publication; understand how you use our services, including
                          analyzing trends and usage patterns);
3. Marketing
(to send you
                          special deals, offers, invites to events, and similar information from us or
                          third parties);
4. Advertising
(to identify your preferences; tailor
                          content, including advertising and listening recommendations, to you on the Services
                          and on other websites and services);
5. Administrative
(conduct sales
                          audits, manage charge backs, investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal
                          activities; detect and troubleshoot technical issues).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1.Other Sirius XM Users
(including those on your account/subscription),
2.Technology Systems
                          Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts, cloud computing
                          providers, software-as-a-service providers, technology maintenance, repair),
3.Customer
                          Service Providers
(call centers, live chat agents, automated and artificial intelligence chat providers, email delivery and
                          text messaging vendors),
4.
Order Fulfillment
                          Service Providers
(payment processors, order fulfillment
                          centers, delivery services, order tracking vendors),
5.
Third-Party Business Relationships
(unaffiliated parties that are joint
                          marketing and licensing relationships),
6. Third-Party Advertising
                          Entities and Analytics Providers
(analytics companies, marketing
                          agencies),
7.Security Vendors, 8.
Subsidiaries
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
1.
Subsidiaries,
2.Third
-Party Advertising Entities and Analytics Providers,
                          3. Social Media and Other Third-Party Platforms, 4. Third-Party Business Relationships
Listening Preferences
- This may include music and content preferences including favorites channels and shows, episodes you listen to, stations and playlists you create or listen to, tune starts, songs you skip.
A.
                          Purposes for Collection:
1. Internal
                          Business Purposes
(provide
                          and improve our services; develop new products and services; market research,
                          auditing and publication; understand how you use our services, including
                          analyzing trends and usage patterns);
2. Marketing
(to send you special
                          deals, offers, invites to events, and similar information from us or third
                          parties);
3. Advertising
(to identify your preferences; tailor content,
                          including advertising and listening recommendations, to you on the Services
                          and on other websites and services).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1. Other Sirius XM Users
(when you make your information public),
2
.
Technology
Systems Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service
                          providers, cloud computing providers, technology maintenance, repair)
,
3.
Third-Party Business Relationships
(unaffiliated parties that are joint
                          marketing and licensing relationships),
4. Third-Party Advertising Entities
                          and Analytics Providers
(analytics companies, marketing agencies),
5. Security
                          Vendors, 6.
Subsidiaries
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
1. Subsidiaries,
2. Third
-Party
                          Advertising Entities and Analytics Providers, 3. Third-Party Business Relationships
Account
                          Information and Settings -
This may include username, password, communication
                          preferences, content settings (i.e., allowing explicit content or artist
                          audio messages).
A.
                          Purposes for Collection:
1. Provide
                          You Services
(process
                          transactions and orders;
facilitate access to Sirius XM services,
                          create and manage your account on Services; identify and recognize you across
                          services and devices; send service and account related communications;
                          respond to your inquiries;);
2
.
Internal Business Purposes
(provide and improve our services);
3. Marketing
(to send you special deals, offers, invites to events, and similar
                          information from us or third parties in accordance with your preferred
                          communication channel);
4. Administrative
(verify your identity; investigate
                          and prevent fraud and other illegal activities; detect and troubleshoot
                          technical issues).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1.Technology Systems Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service
                          providers, cloud computing providers, technology maintenance, repair),
2. Customer
                          Service Providers
(email delivery and text messaging vendors),
3.
Security
                          Vendors
,
4.
Subsidiaries
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
This category of data
                          is not sold or shared for targeted advertising.
Device Data –
This may include
IP
                          address, mobile device ID, other unique ID, device information (device model,
                          operating system version, date and time of access, mobile network information,
                          cookie settings).
A. Purposes for
                          Collection:
1. Provide
                          You Services
(facilitate
                          access to Sirius XM services, create and manage your account on Services; identify
                          and recognize you across services and devices);
2
.
Internal Business Purposes
(provide and improve our services; market
                          research and auditing; understand how you use our services, including
                          analyzing trends and usage patterns);
3
.
Marketing
(to send you special deals, offers, invites to events, and
                          similar information from us or third parties);
4
.
Advertising
(to tailor content, including advertising and listening recommendations,
                          to you on the Services and on other websites and services; to monitor and
                          control the ad delivery, performance and frequency);
5
.
Administrative
(investigate and prevent fraud and other
                          illegal activities; detect and troubleshoot technical issues).
B. Categories of Third Parties the Data
                          Is Disclosed to:
1. Other
                          Sirius XM Users
(including those on your account/subscription),
2. Technology S
ystems
Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts,
                          software-as-a-service providers,
cloud
                          computing providers, technology maintenance, repair),
3. Customer Service
                          Providers
(call centers, live chat agents, automated and artificial intelligence chat agents, email delivery and text messaging vendors)
,
4. Third-Party Business Relationships
(unaffiliated parties that are joint
                          marketing and licensing relationships),
5. Third-Party Advertising Entities
                          and Analytics Providers
(analytics companies, marketing agencies),
6. Security
                          Vendors, 7.
Subsidiaries
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
1.
Subsidiaries,
2. Third
-Party Advertising Entities and Analytics Providers,
                          3. Third-Party Business Relationships
Audio and Visual Data
– This may include images, video, audio recordings, voice
                          data when you use certain features of Sirius XM services.
A. Purposes for Collection:
1. Provide
                          You Services (
facilitate
                          access to Sirius XM services, including to understand and respond to voice
                          commands; respond to your inquiries and provide customer service);
2.
Internal Business
                          Purposes
(provide
                          and improve our services; market research and auditing);
3
.
Administrative
(detect and troubleshoot technical issues).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1. Technology
                          Systems Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service providers, cloud
                          computing providers, technology maintenance, repair),
2. S
ecurity
                          Vendors
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
This category of data
                          is not sold or shared for targeted advertising.
Coarse Geolocation Data –
This may include rough or approximate location at hometown, city, state, region/country level and may be derived from IP address.  Does not include precise geolocation (see above).
A. Purposes for
                          Collection:
1. Provide You Services
(facilitate access to Sirius XM services, create and manage your
                          account on Services; personalize your service; exercise territorial limits
                          where required);
2.
Internal Business Purposes
(provide and improve our services; market research and auditing;
                          understand how you use our services, including analyzing trends and usage
                          patterns);
3.
Marketing
(to
                          send you offers, invitations to events, and similar information from us or
                          third parties);
4.
Advertising
(to
                          tailor content, including advertising and listening recommendations, based on
                          your location on the Services and on other websites and services);
5.
Administrative
(investigate and prevent fraud and other
                          illegal activities).
B. Categories of Third
                          Parties the Data Is Disclosed to:
1. Technology Systems Service Providers
(including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service
                          providers, cloud computing providers, technology maintenance, repair,
                          security vendors),
2. Customer
Service
                          Providers
(email delivery and text messaging vendors)
,
3. Third-Party Advertising Entities and
                          Analytics Providers
(analytics companies, marketing agencies),
5. Security Vendors, 6.
Subsidiaries
C. Categories of Third
                          Parties to Whom the Data is Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:
1.
Subsidiaries,
2.Third
-Party Advertising Entities and Analytics Providers
Sub-policy 7
https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy:
Exclusive Offer.
Claim your free Artist Pro trial to unlock advanced artist features and get heard by more listeners.
Start Free Trial
SoundCloud Privacy Policy
Welcome to SoundCloud, a service provided by SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG and its affiliates, including SoundCloud, Inc. and Repost Network Inc. (hereinafter “SoundCloud”). Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not specifically defined shall have the meanings given to the applicable capitalized terms in the SoundCloud Terms of Use.
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, use, disclose and otherwise process your personal data when you use soundcloud.com and m.soundcloud.com (together, the “Website”), our mobile and desktop apps (the “Apps”) and all related sites, players, widgets, tools, data, software, APIs and other services provided by SoundCloud (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to any Website, Apps, or Services by SoundCloud that refers to this Privacy Policy, i.e. by linking to it.
For employees with California residency, our privacy notice applicable to past, current, and prospective employees and similar individuals, as well as their beneficiaries and emergency contacts, can be accessed by
clicking here
.
This Privacy Policy explains the following, amongst other things:
Who Controls Your Data
Legal Basis for Data Processing
Personal Data We Collect
Personal Data You Provide
Personal Data We Collect Automatically
Personal Data We Obtain From Third Parties
How We Use Your Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Data
Cookies and Similar Technology
Information Security
International Data Transfers
Children
Our Activity On Social Networks
Your Choices and Controls
Exercising Your EU/EEA/U.K. Privacy Rights
Notice to Users Who are Residents of Certain U.S. States
Contact Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Information relating to our use of cookies and similar technologies is set out in our
Cookie Policy
, which forms part of the Privacy Policy. When we refer to the Privacy Policy, we are referring to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
Please take some time to read this Privacy Policy, along with our
Terms of Use
, in order to ensure you understand and are comfortable with our use and disclosure of your personal data and to understand the choices available to you.
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the Website, Apps and Services (together, the “Platform”). When using the Platform, you may find links to other websites, apps and services, or tools that enable you to share information with other websites, apps and services. SoundCloud is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites, apps and services and we recommend that you review the privacy policies of each of these websites, apps or services before connecting your SoundCloud account or sharing any personal data.
If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Platform. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through the
Help Center
or at dataprotection@soundcloud.com.
SoundCloud is committed to putting its users first and believes you should know what personal data we collect about you, why we collect it, and how we use and share it. That’s why we’ve designed this Privacy Policy to give you simple, clear, and actionable information about our privacy and data protection practices.
We believe users should also have meaningful choices over the personal data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, your
Settings
and the
Help Center
. We encourage you to take full advantage of these tools.
Who Controls Your Data
With regard to data processing within the framework of SoundCloud’s internal administration and joint procedures through centralized systems, SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG, SoundCloud Inc. and Repost Network Inc. act as joint controllers. The joint processes particularly pertain to the operation and use of joint databases, platforms and IT systems. With respect to the joint processes, SoundCloud determines the purposes and means of processing. In a separate agreement on joint controllership pursuant to Article 26 GDPR, SoundCloud determines how the respective tasks and responsibilities of the processing of personal data are structured and who fulfils which data protection obligations. In particular, it is determined how an appropriate level of security and how your rights as a data subject can be ensured, how the information duties under data protection law can be jointly fulfilled and how potential data protection incidents can be monitored. This includes reporting and notification obligations.
In the event SoundCloud does not act as a joint controller, the sole controller, as given the meaning by data protection legislation, is either:
If you are located in the United States, SoundCloud Inc., 71 5th Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York 10003, NY, USA, dataprotection@soundcloud.com,
or if you are located outside of the United States, SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG, Rheinsberger Str. 76/77, 10115 Berlin, Germany, dataprotection@soundcloud.com,
We may share your data within our corporate group of companies that are related by common ownership or control (“SoundCloud Group”) and the data of US users may be processed by SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG on SoundCloud Inc.’s behalf. The personal data of users who have signed up for SoundCloud Monetization may be processed by Repost Network Inc. doing business as SoundCloud Direct on behalf of the respective Data Controller.
SoundCloud provides statistics and insights about the performance of a particular sound recording and its underlying composition uploaded to the Platform (“Track”). These statistics and insights are provided to any person (including Creators) or entity owning or controlling a Track (“Rightsholders”) and include information about how fans interact with their Tracks on the Platform to make Rightsholders better understand their fanbase ("Rightsholder Insights"). Rightsholder Insights are processed in joint controllership between SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG and the respective Rightsholder, subject to the applicable agreement to be found
here
.
For Users in the EU/EEA/U.K.: Legal Basis for Data Processing
The collection and processing of your data is governed by the law applicable to your respective Data Controller, as outlined above.
With that being said, SoundCloud follows European law and the GDPR where applicable. Data collection and processing under GDPR may be based on your consent (see Art. 6 lit. a) GDPR), contractual purposes (see Art. 6 lit. b) GDPR) or, in exceptional cases, for legitimate purposes, which we weigh against your data protection interests (see Art. 6 lit. f) GDPR). We have specified the legal bases for individual data processing activities in more detail below.
We may also use our user’s personal data under GDPR if:
Processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation to which the person responsible is subject (see Art. 6 lit. c) GDPR);
Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person (Art. 6 lit. d) GDPR); or
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or takes place in the exercise of official authority that has been assigned to the person responsible (see Art. 6 lit. e) GDPR).
Personal Data We Collect
Any personal data we collect falls into one of three general categories:
Personal data you provide to us,
Personal data we collect automatically,
Personal data we obtain from third parties.
Personal Data You Provide
We ask for and collect the below personal data when you use the Platform. This personal data is necessary for the adequate performance of the platform, to meet the requirements of the contract present between you and us and to comply with our obligations thereunder.
You don’t need to register for a SoundCloud account in order to visit or use our Platform. However, certain Services require that you register for an account and, by doing so, you will need to provide us with certain personal data:
Account Information - When you register with any kind of SoundCloud account, and from time to time thereafter, you will need to provide your email address (except when you sign-up with Facebook, Google or Apple and don’t give your permission to share it with SoundCloud), your age or birthdate, postal code, a username (which may be your real name or a pseudonym) and a password.
Profile Information - you may choose, at your discretion, to provide additional personal data for your public profile on SoundCloud – for example:
your real name
your gender
the city and country in which you live
a profile picture, profile header image or avatar
any content associated with your Track uploads (all audio (including podcasts), text, pictures, graphics, comments, and other content, data or information that you upload, including your compositions, metadata, song names, composer names, creators’ names, performers’ names, group names, producers’ names, album artworks and your name, image, likeness and biographical information) (“Materials”).
information about how you categorize yourself with respect to your Materials (for example, whether you are a musician, a label or some other category of creator)
details of your other websites and social media profiles, including links to those pages
any personally identifiable data from your Tracks or respective meta-data will be published on your profile page in accordance with our
Terms of Use
. This personal data will be publicly accessible and may be viewed by anyone accessing the Website, or using our API or other Services. Please be aware that a profile picture is mandatory when you request profile verification via your Settings in the “Account” tab.
Subscriptions - If you purchase a Subscription, you must provide your real name, billing address, payment verification information, and, if applicable, school affiliation. Please be aware that we only get payment verification information and no further details of your payment, as outlined in the respective section of this Privacy Policy. Any use of such personal data is for contractual purposes.
SoundCloud Monetization - In the event you use the services of SoundCloud Monetization, you must provide your real name, payment information and personal data necessary to operate and maintain your monetization and/or distribution with SoundCloud Monetization (e.g. content identification information such ISRC codes).
Music Publishing - In the event you use the services of music publishing administration, you must provide your real name, payment information and personal data necessary to operate and maintain your music publishing administration (e.g. publisher, sub-publisher information as well as performance rights and or mechanical rights organization information and content identification data, such as interested party Information (IPI) numbers, ISWC numbers).
Communications - When you communicate with SoundCloud by email or through the Platform, or use the Platform to communicate with other users, we collect personal data about your communication and any personal data you choose to provide based on contractual purposes.
Survey Information - If you participate in any survey, you may provide certain personal data as part of your response, unless you respond anonymously. The personal data you provided is only processed based on your consent.
Information You Post - You may provide personal data when you upload Tracks to the Platform, when you post comments, when you like or repost a track, or when you contribute to community discussions. This is based on your own choice, and in accordance with our
Terms of Use
, we may use such data for contractual purposes.
Identity Verification Information - We may collect personal data sufficient to verify your identity for the purpose of your participation in the SoundCloud Monetization program.
Information Provided For Tax or Financial Reasons
Tax ID/VAT - We also collect your tax ID or VAT number if applicable. If you join SoundCloud Direct as a business, this personal data is required to enable proper tax accounting purposes.
Other Tax Payee Information and W9 Certifications (US Only) - If you are located in the U.S., we will collect certain personal data and certifications from you, which enables us to report eligible payouts to the Internal Revenue Service.
PayPal Email Address - In order to be able to remit any revenue earned through your monetized tracks to your designated PayPal account, we ask you to provide us with the email address that is connected to the PayPal account in which you wish to receive your eligible payouts.
Personal Data We Collect Automatically
There is certain personal data that we collect automatically as the result of your use of the Platform, subject to the choices you make in your
Settings
, or through the use of cookies and other web analytics services as described in our
Cookie Policy
. This personal data generally includes:
Usage Information - We collect personal data about your interactions with the Platform, including the pages that you visit and links you click on, streaming, offline listening or downloading Tracks, uploading or recording Tracks, connecting your Facebook, Google or Apple account, sharing a Track with another user, following or unfollowing another user, posting a comment, performing a search, the time, frequency and duration of your visits to the Platform, and whether you interact with email messages, for example, if you opened, clicked on, or forwarded the email message. This use of your personal data is based on contractual purposes should you have accepted our
Terms of Use
. If you have not registered on SoundCloud, the use of this personal data is based on our legitimate interest. Please be aware that we need such usage data as we are under contractual obligation to track use of content by our content providers.
Log Data – We automatically collect log information when you use the Platform, even if you have not registered for an account or logged in. That personal data includes, among other things: details about how you’ve used the Platform (including links to third party sites or services), Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, your browser type and operating system, device information, device event information (e.g., crashes, browser type), and the page you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Platform. This personal data is essential for our service and is therefore either based on contractual purposes or on legitimate interest if no contract exists. Please be aware that we need log data as we are under contractual obligation to track use of content by our content providers.
Cookies – We use cookies and other similar technologies, such as pixels, local storage, and mobile device identifiers and may also allow our business partners to use these tracking technologies on the Platform, or engage others to track your behavior on our behalf. Type, number and function of cookies can vary depending on your individual selection. For more information on our use of these technologies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Location Data – When you use certain features of the Platform, we may collect personal data about your general location. We use such personal data to deliver personalized location-based services or content. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such use of your device’s location, but if you choose to deny such use, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services or content. We use this personal data to provide you with location-based services (such as advertising and personalized content). Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services for applications in the device’s settings. Such use of personal data is based on your consent, either within our Platform or within your device where you provided your consent when prompted.
Device Information – We collect personal data from and about the devices you use, including how you interact with the Platform and information about the device itself, such as the hardware model, operating system, IP addresses, cookie information, device settings, mobile carrier information, mobile device and advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, language, battery level and time zone. This information allows us to recognize and associate your activity, and provide personalized content and advertising, consistently across all of your devices. Such use of personal data is based on your consent given either within our Platform or within your device.
Software Development Kits (“SDK”) - We may use third parties including our business partners and service providers who use mobile SDKs to collect personal data and information related to how mobile devices interact with the Platform. An SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, personal data to be collected and related services and functionality to be implemented. We may use this technology, for instance, to analyze how you interact with Materials and advertisements and to enable analytics or other features through mobile devices. However, such use will be based on your consent.
SoundCloud Widget - Other websites may integrate SoundCloud widgets; when you visit a website with a SoundCloud widget embedded, we may receive certain personal data, including personal data about the website you visited. SoundCloud and the widget may be able to recognize you in order to retrieve your library of content, and in some cases the widget may be used to show personalized content. We know when you interact with a widget, and websites containing the widgets may receive this information as well. Such use is subject to the privacy policy of the third party website or app that has integrated a SoundCloud widget.
Personal Data We Obtain From Third Parties
Single-Sign Ons – If you sign up for SoundCloud through a third party application such as Facebook, Google or Apple, you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials, and other personal data available through the third party application account, including the following personal data:
Facebook Connect – If you have a Facebook profile, you can register on our website to create a user account or to register using the "Facebook Connect" social plugin run by the Facebook social network, which is operated by Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Facebook"), using what is known as Single Sign-On technology. You can recognize the "Facebook Connect" social plugins on our website by the blue button with the Facebook logo and the inscription "Register with Facebook" or "Connect with Facebook" or "Log in with Facebook" or "Sign in with Facebook". When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser makes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transferred from Facebook directly to your browser, which then embeds it into the website. Through the integrated plugin, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook profile or are not currently logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a Facebook server in the US and stored there. These data processing operations are carried out on the basis of Facebook's legitimate interest in the displaying of personalized advertising on the basis of browsing behavior. By using the "Facebook Connect" button on our website, you can also log in or register on our website using your Facebook user data. Depending on your personal data protection settings on Facebook, we will only receive general information that is publicly accessible and stored in your profile when you use Facebook’s "Facebook Connect" button if you give your express consent prior to the registration process on the basis of a corresponding notification on the exchange of data with Facebook. This information includes your user ID, name, profile picture, age and gender. We would like to point out that with your consent or in case of changes to Facebook's privacy policy and terms of use, your profile pictures, your friends' user IDs and friends list may be transferred if these have been marked as "public" in your Facebook privacy settings. Apart from connecting your Facebook account with your SoundCloud account for the purposes of registration and signing in, you may provide, based on your free choice (i.e. with your expressed consent) further personal data from your Facebook profile with Facebook Connect to enrich your use and enjoyment of our Platform. This especially applies to your likes and/or usage, listening and viewing behavior as well as your friends within Facebook. In case you decide to share this information with us, we will display relevant artists, playlists and such to you for your liking. We will store and process the personal data transmitted by Facebook to create a user account with the necessary personal data, provided you have approved this on Facebook. Alternatively, based on your consent, personal data (e.g. on your surfing or purchasing behavior) may be transferred from us to your Facebook profile. Please see
Facebook's privacy policies
for the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Facebook, as well as your rights and settings options for protecting your privacy. If you do not wish Facebook to associate any data collected via our website with your Facebook profile, you should log out of Facebook before you visit our website. You can also completely avoid loading the Facebook plugin with add-ons for your browser.
Google – You can sign up and log in to SoundCloud using your Google account. When you sign up using Google, Google will ask your permission to share certain information from your Google account with SoundCloud. This includes your Google email address, birthdate (optional), gender (optional), and avatar (optional). This information is collected by Google and is provided to us under the terms of
Google’s privacy policy
. You can regulate the information that we receive from Google using your
Google activity controls
. If you signed up using Google by mistake, you can delete your account from the Account page within your Settings at any time, or you can contact us via the
Help Center
.
Apple - You may also sign up and log in to SoundCloud using your Apple ID. When you sign up using your Apple ID, Apple will ask your permission to share certain information from your Apple account with SoundCloud. This includes your Apple email address, birthdate (optional), gender (optional), and avatar (optional). This information is collected by Apple and is provided to us under the terms of
Apple’s privacy policy
. You can regulate the information that we receive from Apple using your Apple ID settings. If you signed up using Apple by mistake, you can delete your account from the Account page within your Settings at any time, or you can contact us via the
Help Center
.
Service Providers and Business Partners – We may also receive personal data about you from our service providers and business partners, including companies that assist with payment processing, analytics, advertising, marketing, data processing and management (e.g. to measure ad quality and responses to ads, and to display ads that are more likely to be relevant to you, including for SoundCloud products), account management, hosting, customer and technical support, content moderation, and other services which we use to personalize your SoundCloud experience. We explain in more detail why and how we use this personal data below.
Android Advertising IDs - We collect your Google Android’s Advertising ID (“AAID”). You can reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating system (we do not control this). Such identifiers will only be used for advertising and further analysis subject to your consent, where required by applicable law.
Apple IDs - We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”). You can reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating system (we do not control this). Such identifiers will only be used for advertising and further analysis subject to your consent, where required by applicable law and in accordance with Apple’s settings.
Cross App Tracking on Apple Devices - Starting with iOS 14.5, iPadOS 14.5, and tvOS 14.5, we will need to receive your permission through the AppTrackingTransparency framework to access and track you through your device’s advertising identifier (see above “IDFA”). Tracking refers to the act of linking user or device data collected from our app with user or device data collected from other companies’ apps, websites, or offline properties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes. Tracking also refers to sharing user or device data with data brokers. The use of such tracking is subject to your consent and therefore may only be exercised by us with such consent. Apple allows the ID for Vendors (IDFV) to be used for analytics across apps from the same content provider (us). The IDFV may not be combined with other data to track a user across apps and websites owned by other companies unless we have been granted permission to track by you. For further information on how we use the SKAdNetwork for attribution tracking please refer to the documentation that Apple provides
here
.
Payment Verification Information - We use the services of Adyen (Adyen N.V., Simon Carmiggeltstraat 6-50, 1011 DJ, Netherlands, click
here
for privacy policy), Recurly (Recurly, Inc., San Francisco, CA (HQ), 400 Alabama Street, Suite 202 San Francisco, CA 94110, United States, click
here
for privacy policy) and Apple Pay (only via in app purchase and subject to the
privacy policy
of Apple, Inc., and the terms and conditions of the payment provider you are using Apple Pay with) for processing your payments. We will get a verification including information on the respective payment method and your name as well as other non-personally identifiable payment information (for example the expiry date of a credit card) as well as information hashed by the respective payment provider (for example a hashed credit card number).
Payment Processing In the Apple App and Google Play Store - Payment processing services within the relevant Apps and App Stores enable SoundCloud to process payments. SoundCloud does not process or store credit card details, and uses only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction. Even though we do not access raw unencrypted card details of a card holder, some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to you, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning your payment.
External Payment Providers - The payment provider you use for your payment is solely responsible for the payment. Please refer to the terms of service and privacy policy of your payment provider for further information.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We use the personal data we collect from you for a range of different business purposes according to different legal bases of processing and subject to the choices you make in your
Settings
. We do this with the help of automated systems and decision making. Please be aware that when we refer to automated decision making, we will not use any profiling that produces legal effects concerning you or, similarly, significantly affects you. Automated decisions are concerned with content that may be more relevant for you than other content. We use your personal data to:
Provide, Improve, and Develop the Platform - We process your personal data primarily for the adequate performance of our contract with you (e.g.
Terms of Use
). We may also process your personal data in light of our legitimate interest in improving the Platform and giving our users the best experience. We do this to:
Operate and maintain your SoundCloud account, and to provide you with access to and use of the Platform. Your email address and password are used to identify you when you log into the Platform. Your device-IDs are used to help ensure that you are in control of the devices that have access to your Subscription.
Identify you as the creator of the Tracks that you upload, the comments that you post and/or the other contributions that you make to the Platform.
Provide creators with stats and insights about users’ listening behavior of their Tracks, (i.e. streaming and downloading their Tracks or following their profiles).
Conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve products and services, develop new features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.
If purchasing a Subscription, to process your account subscription and renewals, to collect your payment with the use of payment verification information, and, if applicable, to verify your eligibility for discounts and promotions.
Send you service updates and notifications about your account and other information we think may interest you, though you may opt out from our promotional communications at any time.
Respond to you about any comment or enquiry you have submitted.
Enable age restrictions.
Maintain a Safe and Secure Environment - We also process your personal data in light of our legitimate interest in improving the security of the Platform (including the security of your personal data) in order to give our users the best experience, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of our contract with you (e.g.
Terms of Use
) or to comply with our legal obligations. This includes:
The detection and prevention of fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other suspicious activity.
The verification and authentication of your identity to prevent unauthorized or illegal activity.
The enhancement of the safety and security of our products and services.
The conducting of security investigations and risk assessments.
The prevention or action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our Terms of Use, Community Guidelines or applicable law.
The ability to provide you with customer and technical support.
Personalized Content – We process your personal data in this case based on our performance of a contract and our legitimate interests. This includes:
To improve your experience on the Platform by providing personalized content, recommendations, and features.
To customize the content and measure performance of any email, push notification, or in-app message we may send to you.
Advertising and Marketing - We may process the minimum personal data, especially your IP-address and other identifiers, necessary to provide non-personalized ads. These ads will only be based on the context on where the ads are shown or triggered.  Such processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interests. Where required by applicable law, we process your personal data in this case based on your consent. You can revisit your choices in your
settings
or in our cookie consent tool. This includes:
To administer sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by SoundCloud or its partners.
To deliver targeted marketing for SoundCloud products on and off the Platform and measure the success of those campaigns. When seeing our ads on third party websites or apps, we or third party services we engage with for this purpose may collect personal data. This personal data includes the information that your browser or mobile app makes available when seeing the ad (e.g IP address, referral URL, browser details, timestamp of request). We use this information to understand, for example, if a click on our ad converted to an actual purchase of a subscription.
To help us select which ads to show you on behalf of advertisers, as ads are more effective when they are shown to people who are likely to be interested in the product or service advertised. This includes personal data you choose to provide to us (e.g. age and gender) and make available to us when you interact with the Platform (e.g. by listening, liking or creating playlists), as well as device information and general location data. We may also display ads based on the page you’re on or Materials you have recently viewed, searched, or listened to. This allows us to show you ads that will likely be more relevant and interesting to you.
To collect certain personal data such as cookie data and device information, if we engage with third party services such as ad-networks and exchanges that enable us to show you targeted ads. That personal data is used to sync or match users to segments and serve targeted advertising, based on device activity, inferred interests, and general location information.
To combine personal data that we collect about you with personal data from business partners and use it to serve more relevant advertising.
Combine information we collect about you with information from business partners and use it to serve more relevant advertising.
Marketing Communications - Based on your consent, SoundCloud may send you email and push communications about SoundCloud’s and its affiliates’ offers and promotions. From time to time, these communications will be tailored based on your use of SoundCloud. SoundCloud may also send you tips, news, and recommendations about SoundCloud and our own similar services. You can withdraw your consent to receive these communications at any time in your Settings.
Market Research Studies - Based on our legitimate interest, from time to time we will ask you to participate in market research studies and surveys or to do research studies based on anonymized and/or pseudonymized data. There is no obligation to participate in our studies. In the case that you do participate, it will be based on the consent you provide when answering the survey. We deem that the use of anonymized and/or pseudonymized data is covered by our legitimate interest as we will only use such analysis to further improve our research and Platform for the benefit of understanding your needs and enhancing your experience. We will only use the data you provide when answering the market study for other reasons, such as customized product recommendations or notifications based on your consent which you provide ahead of your participation in the market study.
Operate and Maintain SoundCloud Monetization - In the event you use the services of SoundCloud Monetization, we use the personal data provided by you to operate and maintain your monetization and/or distribution with SoundCloud Monetization. The personal data will be used to calculate the eligible revenue to be paid out to you and affect the payments into your PayPal account or any other accepted payment provider.
How We Share Your Personal Data
This section describes how the personal data collected or generated through your use of the Platform may be shared by you or by us.
Through Your Profile – Any personal data in your public profile (other than your email address) will be accessible by other users of the Platform, who may view your profile information, listen to and comment on any of your public Tracks, add themselves to your list of followers, and send you messages. Similarly, if you comment on any Tracks on the Platform, your comments will be available to all users of the Platform together with your profile name and picture.
With Artists - When you listen to Artists, you are providing your public profile and information about your listening behavior to those Artists. Artists are able to see in their statistics that you have listened to the Tracks they uploaded along with a ranking of who listened to their Tracks the most. They will also be able to see how many times you have listened to any of their Tracks, and that you are following them. This is to allow Artists to Artists better understand their fanbase. More information is available in the SoundCloud Fan Insights document
here
.
With Other SoundCloud Users - Based on our legitimate interest in fostering connections among fans and artists, when you listen to, like, or follow a particular Track or Artist, we may identify you to other SoundCloud users as (i) a listener who has engaged in that way with the Track or Artist and (ii) one of the listeners with the most, or first, plays of that Track or Artist. In your Settings (“Privacy” tab), you may opt out of being identified as a listener with the most, or first, plays of Tracks and Artists.
Service Providers – We use a variety of service providers, some of whom may be located outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), to provide services to us or to our users on our behalf. These service providers have access to your personal data solely to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are contractually bound to implement appropriate organizational and technical security measures to protect against unauthorized disclosure of personal data, and only to process personal data in accordance with our instructions and to the extent necessary to provide their services to us. We need to share your personal data in order to ensure the adequate performance of our contract with you. For instance, we work closely with service providers in the area of customer service (i.e. help center, content moderation), with technical service providers (e.g. running computer centers) or music service providers (i.e. rights administration) and payment service providers. These service providers may generally only process your personal data on our behalf under special conditions.
Rightsholders - The Platform allows you to listen to a variety of Tracks, including licensed streaming content. To help rightsholders that license Tracks to us understand how the Tracks that they provide are performing, including insights about general or individual user listening trends and preferences, rightsholders are able to view information like your public profile details as well as basic usage data (for example interactions with Tracks). If you live in the EU/EEA/U.K., we share this personal data based on our legitimate interest, as our contracts with these rightsholders state that they will be granted these insights. Their interest prevails over your legitimate interest in the safekeeping of your public profile information and basic usage data.
Collecting Societies - Due to legal obligations, we are obliged in many countries around the world to transmit pseudonymized or anonymized usage data to copyright collecting societies that help manage payment and royalty information for Rightsholders.
Advertising on the Platform – We share the personal data collected about you in hashed, aggregated, or de-identified forms with advertisers and business partners in order to serve ads on our Platform that we think will interest you and to measure the reach and effectiveness of those ads, including whether you took an action (e.g. purchased a product). We may also share cookie data and device identifiers with our partners for data matching purposes, in order to improve ad targeting. If you live in the EU/EEA/U.K., You can find a detailed overview of our advertisers
here
. Please be aware that where such personal data of yours is identifiable, we will only use it with your consent. For users outside of the EU/EEA/U.K., you can turn off our use of third-party data to inform the ads you see on SoundCloud by adjusting your settings
here
.
Ads about SoundCloud – Where permissible under applicable law we may share your email address (in hashed form, so that it does not identify you personally) with advertising partners, including social networks, in order to target you with ads for SoundCloud products on third party websites and applications. We also allow advertising partners, including social networks, to collect personal data through cookies and similar technologies like pixels in order to serve ads for SoundCloud on those third party websites and apps and drive users to our Platform. In order to measure the effectiveness of and optimize these marketing campaigns, these technologies track activity taken across devices after a user sees a SoundCloud ad, in order to determine performance metrics like sign ups, visits to the Platform, and purchases. For users within the EU/EEA/U.K., we only engage in these activities with your explicit consent. For users outside of the EU/EEA/U.K., you may opt out of these disclosures by adjusting your settings in the Cookie Manager.
Aggregated Data – We may also share aggregated and anonymized personal data (personal data about our users that we render in such a way that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other pseudonymized personal data for regulatory compliance, industry and market analysis, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and other business purposes.
API Integrations – SoundCloud has an open application-programming interface (API), which enables application developers to integrate elements of the Platform into other apps. Some of these developers may be located outside of the EEA but will always, if user data is concerned, sign a Data Processing Addendum and accordingly (where applicable) EU-US Standard Contract Clauses. Any personal data you choose to make public on the Platform, including your public profile information and any public Tracks, may be accessible to these developers, subject to our
API Terms of Use
. Please bear this in mind when deciding what information to publish on your profile. For information on how to limit the information that is available through the API, please see the Your Choices and Controls section below.
Third Party Applications – If you choose to connect your SoundCloud account to other apps or social networks such as Facebook, you may be sharing certain personal data with these apps or networks. Materials that you share with social media networks will appear on your timeline (or similar functions) as well as in news feeds that may be viewed by the public or by certain followers, subject to the terms and conditions of such social media networks. In the case of connected apps, you will need to provide the app developer with full access to your SoundCloud account in order to upload and download Tracks, or comment on, favorite, or repost Tracks from within the app. This means sharing your public information, plus access to your private Tracks. SoundCloud is not responsible for these other apps or networks, so please make sure you only connect your account with apps or services that you trust. For information on how to control the personal data that you share, and how to disconnect your account from these apps, please see the Your Choices and Controls section below. If you do not want this information shared with such social media networks or other Third Party Applications, please change your SoundCloud
Settings
on our Platform or in those networks.
Use of Your Name and Other User Identifiers in Sharing Links - When sharing personal data from our platform on other platforms, especially social media platforms like Facebook or Instagram, we may use your pseudonymized data. If a user clicks on your shared link and is led to our platform, the user will be presented with a banner telling the user that you (in this context, your profile name will be displayed) are using SoundCloud and/or that you shared this link, and the user will then be asked if they want to follow you. Such use by us is considered a legitimate interest as it enriches our user experience and the way our users connect with each other. As we assume that you share links responsibly with people whom you want to interact with, we also assume that your interest in the safekeeping of your personal data is not affected, especially since we only use pseudonymized data within the link itself. Please be aware that your shared link may be shared further by other parties.
Compliance with Laws – We may disclose your personal data to courts, law enforcement agencies, and governmental authorities (i) to comply with our legal obligations, (ii) to comply with legal process and to respond to claims asserted against SoundCloud, (iii) to respond to verified requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our users to legal liability, (iv) to enforce and administer our Terms of Use and other agreements with users, or (v) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of SoundCloud, its employees, and members of the public.
Protecting our Rights – We may disclose your personal data if we feel it is necessary in order to protect or defend our legitimate rights and interests, or those of our users, employees, directors, officers, or shareholders, and/or to ensure the safety and security of the Platform and/or the SoundCloud community.
Change of Control – We may also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control of SoundCloud, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your personal data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
SoundCloud Direct - In the event you choose to grant other users access to your SoundCloud Direct account, or in the event you set up our Split Pay feature, some personal data, such as your name and email address, will be available to those users. Additionally, if you use SC Planner, your SC Planner profile will be visible to other users in the “Leaderboard” section of the App, unless you elect to make your profile invisible in your settings.
Cookies and Similar Technology
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. pixels, local storage, and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on and off the Platform, and across devices. To the extent allowed by your settings or your device and in accordance with your choices, we also allow third parties to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy in order to track user behavior on and off the Platform in order to show you ads based on your interests and preferences. You can control cookies through your browser and other tools as described in the Cookie Policy.
For users in the EU/EEA/U.K., please be aware any use of cookies is subject to your consent, except for technical storage or access for transmitting communication, or as strictly necessary to provide a service which was explicitly requested by a user. You will find information regarding the use of cookies from specific third parties when making the choice of cookies you want to allow within our cookie consent tool. Further information is provided in your account settings under “advertising”, where you may as well toggle your choices after your first decision.
International Data Transfers
SoundCloud operates globally and may share your personal data internally within the SoundCloud Group and third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Personal data collected within the EEA may, for example, be transferred to countries outside of the EEA for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We utilize appropriate safeguards such as Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, or another legally approved mechanism, to ensure the lawful transfer of your personal data outside of the EEA. The Standard Contractual Clauses can be accessed at any time
here
. Alternatively, you can request these documents from us using the contact details given below.
Children
SoundCloud is not intended for use by children. Anyone under the age of 16 in the EEA and UK, or 13 in the United States and the rest of the world, is not permitted to use the Platform and must not attempt to register an account or submit any personal data to us. We do not knowingly collect any personal data from any person who is under the age of 16 or 13, as the case may be, or allow them to register an account. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 16 or 13, as applicable, we will delete this personal data as quickly as possible. If you have reason to believe that we may have collected any such personal data, please notify us immediately at dataprotection@soundcloud.com.
Our Activity On Social Networks
To allow us to communicate with you on third party social networks and inform you about our services, we run pages on third party social networks. If you visit our pages on any of these third party social media pages, we and the provider of the third party social media network are joint controllers regarding the processing operations thereby triggered, which concern personal data. We are not the original provider of these pages, but only use them within the scope of the options offered to us by the respective providers.
For our EU/EEA/U.K. based users, we would like to point out that your personal data may also be processed outside of the EU, EEA, or the U.K. Use of these networks may therefore involve data protection risks for you since the protection of your rights may be difficult, e.g. your right to information, erasure, objection, etc. Processing on social networks frequently takes place directly for advertising purposes or for the analysis of user behavior by network providers, and we have no control over this. If the provider creates user profiles, cookies are often used or user behavior may be assigned directly to your own member profile on the respective social network (if you are logged in).
The processing operations of personal data described are carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests and the legitimate interests of the respective provider in order to communicate with you in a timely manner or to inform you about our services. If you get asked to grant your consent to the respective providers to process your personal data as a user, your consent is the legal basis for this processing.
Since we have no access to these providers’ databases, we would like to point out that you would be best situated to exercise your rights (e.g. to information, rectification, erasure, etc.) directly with the respective provider. More information on the processing of your personal data on social networks and your options for exercising your right to object or your right of revocation (opt out) is listed below for each of the social network providers we use:
Facebook - (Jointly) For Europe: Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland
Privacy Notice (Data Policy)
Opt-Out and Advertising Settings
Instagram - (Jointly) For Europe: Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland
Privacy Notice (Data Policy)
Opt-Out and Advertising Settings
Twitter - (Jointly) For Europe: Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland
Privacy Notice
Information About Your Data
Opt-Out and Advertising Settings
LinkedIn - (Jointly) For Europe: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland
Privacy Notice
Opt-Out and Advertising Settings
TikTok - (Jointly) For Europe: TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland. For Great Britain: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, WeWork, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH, England
Privacy Notice
Opt-Out and Advertising Settings
Snapchat - (Jointly) Snap Inc., 2772 Donald Douglas Loop North Santa Monica, CA 90405, USA. For Europe: Snap Group Limited, 77 Shaftesbury Avenue, London, W1D 5DU, United Kingdom
Privacy Notice
Opt-Out and Advertising Settings
Twitch - (Jointly) Twitch Interactive, Inc., 225 Bush Street, 6th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA
Privacy Notice
Security
Your Choices and Controls
We work to give you meaningful choices regarding the amount of personal data you provide to us, and the control you have over that personal data.
Managing SoundCloud Settings - If you register an account, you may manage the content and personal data you share when you use SoundCloud through your account
Settings
, including for the features explained below. You are solely responsible for keeping your
Settings
up-to-date.
Email & Device Notifications – You can adjust your Settings in the “Notification” tab to disable email and device notifications (other than important service updates and essential notifications about the Platform or your account). All commercial emails and newsletters also allow you to unsubscribe at any time.
Analytics – To control whether we collect analytics and usage information, including through cookies and similar technologies, you can adjust your Settings in the “Privacy” tab (“Cookie Manager”).
Marketing – If you do not want to receive marketing messages for SoundCloud products or services, you can adjust your Settings in the “Notifications” tab.
Advertising on the Platform – If you do not want SoundCloud to deliver “interest based” or personalized ads for third party products, you can adjust your Settings in the “Advertising” tab (for EU/EEA/U.K. and California users, under “Cookie Manager”). Please note, however, that even if you opt out of personalized ads, you may still see ads, but they may not be as tailored to your interests.
Material Sharing – It’s not possible to make your account entirely private. However, you do have the option to make all of your Tracks, playlists and other uploads private. This means that no one will be able to access and listen to your Tracks without your explicit permission. You can learn more about these settings
here
.
Third Party Apps – If you have chosen to connect your account to a third-party application, like Facebook or Google, you can disable permission for the app by adjusting your Settings in the “Account” tab.
Third Party Developers – SoundCloud has an open API, which allows third party developers to build apps as an extension of the Platform. If you would prefer that your Tracks are not made available to third party app developers, you can disable API access within the sound page for each of the Tracks that you upload. Click on the pencil icon below the waveform player, and navigate to the “Permissions” tab and uncheck the “enable app playback” box. Please note that your public profile information will still be accessible, but this does not include anything that is not publicly available on the Platform.
Deleting Your SoundCloud Account – If you have an account and would like to delete it, you may do so by adjusting your Settings in the account tab. If you delete your account, all personal data associated with your account (except for backup copies), including the Tracks that you have uploaded and the usage data associated with those Tracks, will be deleted and may not be recoverable. We therefore advise you to copy or backup all Materials uploaded to your account before deletion. Even if you delete your account, it is possible that your personal data may still show up in some internet search results for a short while afterwards, if the search engine maintains a temporary cache of web pages. Search engines’ caching processes are outside of SoundCloud’s control and therefore we cannot be responsible for any personal data that remains cached by search engines after that personal data has been removed from the Platform. Please note that deleting any SoundCloud Apps, or any third party apps to which your account is connected, will not delete your account. Similarly, if you delete a third party app that is connected to your account over our API, this will not necessarily delete all personal data about your activity on the Platform from within that third party app. You will need to refer to the app provider’s terms of use and privacy policy to find out how to delete personal data about your activity on the Platform from that third party app.
Messages From Other Users - If you do not want to receive messages from users you don’t follow, you can adjust your settings in the “Privacy” tab. If you want to block users, you will have to do so on their respective profiles. Any blocked user will be shown in your settings in the “Privacy” tab.
Managing Device Settings
On your mobile device, you may disable the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS phone’s settings, or enable the setting to “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android phone’s settings. To opt-out of location tracking when using our Apps, you can use the settings of your device. You can disable mobile analytics and bug reporting through these same settings as well.
Managing Browser Settings
You may also control cookies in your browser settings. You can modify your settings in most web browsers to accept or deny cookies or to request your permission each time a site attempts to set a cookie. You can also manually delete previously stored cookies at any time. Please note that if you choose to block cookies, doing so may impair the Platform or prevent certain elements of it from functioning.
Exercising Your EU/EEA/U.K. Privacy Rights
If you are a user residing in the EU/EEA/U.K., you may exercise any of the rights described in this section through the
Help Center
or by contacting us at dataprotection@soundcloud.com. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request.
Data Access and Portability - You may be entitled to request copies of your personal data held by us. While a lot of the personal data you provide to us can be accessed in your account settings, you may also be entitled to request copies of personal data you have provided to us in machine-readable format.
Change or Correct Data - Where you cannot update personal data yourself through an account, you have the right to ask us to correct, change, update or rectify your personal data.
Data Retention and Deletion - We generally retain personal data for as long as is necessary to provide services to you under your account, i.e. as long as your contract is ongoing and for the sake of legal obligations, for 3 years following the end of the year in which your contract was canceled - or, for as long as is necessary to provide the Platform to you as a unregistered user. You have the right to ask us to delete all or some of the personal data we hold about you. If you have an account, you can also delete your account through the Settings at any time as described below. We may need to retain some of your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (e.g. under applicable tax or commercial law or to prevent fraud and abuse and maintain and enhance security). Afterwards, we delete the personal data immediately, unless we need the personal data until the expiry of the statutory period of limitation for the purpose of providing evidence for civil law claims or because of statutory storage obligations (e.g. for accounting reasons).
Objection to Processing - You have the right to object to processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation at any time (in particular, where we don’t have to process the personal data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests). If you object to such processing, SoundCloud will no longer process your personal data for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or obligations. Where your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object to such processing of your personal data at any time and ask SoundCloud to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes. However, please be aware that any objection to processing will not necessarily have an impact on the personal data processing before such objection was made, thus such processing will generally be deemed as permissible and will be subject to the usual retention and deletion periods.
Restriction of Processing - You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data where one of the following applies: your personal data is not accurate anymore; the processing is unlawful and instead of erasing the personal data you request the restriction of use; the personal data is no longer needed by us but required by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; you have objected to the use and the decision on the legitimate grounds for objection is pending.
Withdrawing Consent - Where you provide consent to the processing of your personal data by SoundCloud, you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account
Settings
or by sending a communication to SoundCloud specifying the specific consent you are withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
Lodging Complaints - You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by SoundCloud before a competent data protection authority. A list of EU data protection authorities is available
here
.
Notice to Users Who Are Residents of Certain U.S. States
If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, this section applies to you. Some state privacy laws require additional disclosures, which we cover in this section.
Collection, Disclosure, Sale and Sharing of Personal Data
Above, we explain how SoundCloud collects, uses, and discloses information about you.  Below we use two charts to communicate the same information, in accordance with requirements under certain state privacy laws. In addition to the information below, as we explain above, we also share your public profile information and information about your interactions with Artists’ content (such as what you listen to and how often you listen) with those Artists.
Categories of Personal Data that we plan to collect and have collected and disclosed within the preceding 12 months
Disclosed to Which Categories of Recipients for Operational Business Purposes
How We Use Personal Data
Identifiers, such as your name, email address, residential address, date of birth, profile picture, social security number, as well as IP addresses, device IDs, anonymous Repost user IDs, and other similar identifiers
Affiliates; service providers; business partners; joint marketing partners; content partners; social networks; contest sponsors; legal authorities
We may use this personal data to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, to:
To operate and maintain the Platform and your SoundCloud account and to provide you with access to and use of the Platform
To identify you as the creator of the Tracks that you upload and the comments that you post
To provide our newsletter to subscribers
To market and sell our products and services
To provide personalized content and ads
To perform market research studies and development
To perform data and business analytics
To detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, or other suspicious activity
To perform identity verification and authentication and prevent unauthorized or illegal activity
To process Subscription payments
To operate and maintain SoundCloud Monetization To process user inquiries and requests
To perform security investigations and other risk assessments
To undertake quality assurance measures
To maintain our systems and infrastructure
To comply with law or exercise or defend legal claims
To prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our Terms of Use, Community Guidelines or applicable law
To perform accounting, conduct audits and other internal functions
and To otherwise operate our business and achieve our business objectives
Personal data as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, financial information, and tax identification number
Affiliates; service providers; business partners; joint marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
Characteristics about you that you choose to provide when you register an account on the Platform, which may include characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age and gender
Affiliates; service providers; business partners; joint marketing partners; social networks; contest sponsors
Commercial information, such as revenue and/or transaction information related to your content and use of the Platform and SoundCloud Monetization
Affiliates; service providers; business partners; joint marketing partners; contest sponsors
Financial, tax, and payment information you provide when you create an account or use certain features of the Platform
Affiliates; service providers; business partners; legal authorities
Internet or network activity information, such as (browsing history, search history and interactions with our online properties or ads)
Affiliates; service providers
General location data, such as approximate location derived from IP address
Affiliates; service providers; contest sponsors
Audio, images, text, and other electronic information, such as the content you distribute through the Platform
Affiliates; service providers; operating systems and platforms
Inferences drawn from any of the personal data listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics
Affiliates; service providers; ad networks
Personal Data that We “Share,” “Sell,” or Use for “Targeted Advertising”
We disclose the following categories of personal information to third parties for the purpose of advertising to you on non-affiliated sites and services and to inform the ads we show you on our Platform, including to measure and improve the effectiveness of advertising (see the “
Advertising on the Platform
” and “
Ads about SoundCloud
” section above for more information). These activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” or use of personal information for “targeted advertising” under certain State Laws.
Category of Personal Data
Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers
Advertising partners
Internet or network activity information, such as (browsing history, search history and interactions with our online properties or ads)
Advertising partners
Characteristics about you that you choose to provide when you register an account on the Platform, which may include characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age and gender
Advertising partners
General location data, such as approximate location derived from IP address
Advertising partners
Inferences drawn from any of the personal data listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics
Advertising partners
We do not knowingly sell or share the personal data of individuals ages 13–15 without consent.
Sources of Personal Data - As described above, we collect this personal data from you, from affiliates via single-sign ons, and from our trusted service providers and business partners.
Retention Period - We retain personal data for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was collected. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using our services) and the length of time thereafter during which we may have a legitimate need to reference your personal data to address issues that may arise;
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
We generally do not collect information that is considered “sensitive” under state privacy laws. In the limited circumstances that we do, such as collection of your account username and password, which is designated as “sensitive” under the California Consumer Privacy Act, we do not use or disclose such sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
Individual Rights and Requests
If you are a California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia resident, you may, subject to applicable law, make the following requests, to which SoundCloud will respond consistent with our obligations under applicable law:
Request to Know - You may request to know whether we process your personal data.
If you are a California resident, you may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of personal data we’ve collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal data;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing personal data about you;
The categories of personal data about you that we sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or shared such personal data; and
The categories of personal data about you that we otherwise disclosed and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such personal data.
Request for a Copy – You may request to receive a copy of your personal data, including, where applicable, in a portable, readily usable format. If you are a Utah or Virginia resident, this right applies to personal data you provided to us;
Request to Correct – If you are a California, Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut resident, you may request to correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Request to Delete - You may request that we delete your personal data. If you are a California or Utah resident, this right applies only to personal data we have collected from you.
To make a Request to Know, a Request for a Copy, a Request to Correct, or a Request to Delete, please use the Help Center or contact us at dataprotection@soundcloud.com or +1 833 993 2002. We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the personal data subject to the request. We may request additional personal data from you in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests, such as your email address or a picture and then use that information to match it with information we already have. If you maintain a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account and require you to re-authenticate yourself before disclosing, correcting, or deleting your personal data. If you make a Request to Delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your personal data.
If you want to make a Request to Know, a Request for a Copy, a Request to Correct, or a Request to Delete as an authorized agent on behalf of another individual, you may use the submission methods noted above. Not all kinds of requests can be made by authorized agents in all states. As part of our verification process, we may request that you provide, as applicable, proof concerning your status as an authorized agent. In addition, we may require that the individual who is the subject of the request verify their identity, as set forth above or confirm that they provided you (the agent) with permission to submit the request.
Request to Opt Out of Sales and Shares – If you are a California resident, you may request to opt-out of any future “sale” or “share” (as defined by applicable law) of personal data about you by using the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information”
link
on our homepage or within our mobile apps, or by contacting us at dataprotection@soundcloud.com or +1 833 993 2002. If you want to make a Request to Opt Out as an authorized agent on behalf of another individual, you may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we may request, as applicable:
Proof of your registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California;
Signed permission that the individual has authorized you to make a Request to Opt-Out on their behalf. “Signed” means that the permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically in accordance with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code 1633.7 et seq.
Request to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising – You may request to opt-out of any future targeted advertising under Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia laws by adjusting your account Settings in the “Advertising” tab, or by contacting us at dataprotection@soundcloud.com or +1 833 993 2002.
Right to Non-Discrimination - You have the right to be free from unlawful discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights under applicable state laws.
Right to Appeal – If you are a Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia consumer and we refuse to take action on your request, you may appeal the refusal within a reasonable period after you have received notice of the refusal. You may file an appeal by contacting us at dataprotection@soundcloud.com or +1 833 993 2002.
Your Right to Request Removal of Content - Pursuant to California Business & Professions Code section 22581, if you are a resident of California, under 18, and a registered user of the Platform, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Platform by writing to dataprotection@soundcloud.com. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
Other Rights - You can request certain information about our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request may be made once a year.
De-Identified Data - Where we maintain or use de-identified data, we will continue to maintain and use the de-identified data only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify the data.
Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer by email at dataprotection@soundcloud.com or write to our Data Protection Officer at SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG, Rheinsberger Str. 76/77 10115 Berlin, Germany Attention: Data Protection Officer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Platform and update the “Last Amended” date below. Please be sure to periodically check this page to ensure that you are aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated to registered users by a notification to their account and/or by posting a notice of the change on the Website. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the effective date of such changes will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.
Last Amended: December 2024
Link to prior versions
You will find a link to prior versions of our Privacy Policy below.
April 2022
October 2021
December 2020
November 2020
December 2019
May 2019
May 2018
May 2017
March 2016
January 2016
June 2015
August 2014
July 2014
March 2014
May 2013
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Manager
Community Guidelines
Moderation and Enforcement Policies
Law Enforcement Guidelines
Transparency Reports
Report Illegal Content
Learn About Copyright
Report Copyright Infringement
About SoundCloud
Company Information
Press Information
Next up
Clear
Hide queue
Skip to previous
Play current
Skip to next
Shuffle
Repeat track
Volume
Toggle mute
Use shift and the arrow up and down keys to change the volume.
Drop your files here
After you sign in, your upload will start.
Cookies & Tracking
When clicking on “I accept”, you agree that we and our
878
partners may store and/or access information on your device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used. You can withdraw your consent or manage your choices at any time in your settings or the cookie manager. For additional info please refer to our Privacy Policy. Your choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
Personalized Ads
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners
I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
About Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
Read more about our Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set by us or by our advertising partners. They are used for targeted advertising or for other purposes related to our marketing efforts.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count unique visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
Cookies Details‎
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Full Legal Text
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
655 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Full Legal Text
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
528 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Full Legal Text
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
523 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Full Legal Text
Create profiles to personalise content
233 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Full Legal Text
Use profiles to select personalised content
206 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Full Legal Text
Measure advertising performance
763 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Full Legal Text
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
380 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Full Legal Text
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
483 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Full Legal Text
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
571 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Full Legal Text
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
145 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Full Legal Text
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Full Legal Text
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Full Legal Text
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Full Legal Text
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 8
https://www.napster.com/ca/privacy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Marketing
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
‘Powered by Napster’
is a convenient all-in-one platform for companies looking to launch their own branded music service.
Napster is available in 33 countries with premium subscriptions giving millions of customers unlimited access ad-free access to music on any device – online or offline. Our platform provides a comprehensive suite of solutions customizable for every company:
Licensing and rights holder management
Media streaming and download infrastructure
Apps and personalization
Recommendations
Customer billing
Royalty distribution
Full Name*
Company Website*
Country*
Work Email*
Tell us more*
Submit
Thanks for getting in touch
Our team will get back to you soon.
Close
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
End User License Agreement
Table of Contents
Introduction
Introduction
Why do we collect information?
Why do we collect information?
What Information Does Napster Collect?
What Information Does Napster Collect?
Information We Collect Automatically
Information You Make Available to Us
How Does Napster Use Your Information?
How Is Your Information Shared with Others?
Necessary Sharing with Napster Partners
Your Personal Profile
Interactions with Other Social Networks
Information Received from Third Parties
The Napster API
Cookies and Web Beacons
Advertising and Analytics Services
Other Necessary Disclosures:
How Can You Control Your Napster Account?
How Can You Control Your Napster Account?
Account Information
Communications from Napster
How Is Napster Keeping Your Information Safe?
Children
Children
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Contact Us
Territory-Specific Information
Territory-Specific Information
Brazil
Germany
Canada
Europe
USA
USA: California
Last updated: 04, 2022
Introduction
Napster Music Inc., Rhapsody International Inc., and its subsidiaries and affiliates around the world (collectively, “Napster,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), appreciate your business and your use of our web sites, mobile applications and software, and other products and services (collectively, the “Services”).
This is our Privacy Policy. It explains what information we collect about you and how it is used when you use the Services, or when you otherwise interact with us. It also explains how the information is collected and what choices may be available to you to control the collection and use of your information. Please note that special terms may apply to you depending on the territory where you live (the “Relevant Territory”); these special terms are found at the end of this document.
By accessing and using the Services, or through your express agreement when requested, you accept this Privacy Policy and (a) agree and acknowledge that you have the power to enter into this Agreement (see the Minimum Age requirements in the Napster
Terms of Use
), (b) consent to our collection, storage, and use of the information, as described in this document, and (c) affirm that you are familiar with and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and its limitations or qualifications, as modified from time to time. If you do not consent, you should not access or use the Services. As described below, our collection and use of certain information (such as access to your device’s contacts or photos) may require separate permission from you.
Thanks for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy – we hope it’s as much fun to read as it was to write!
Why do we collect information?
Napster collects information from you in order to provide an optimised and customised experience for you and all our users when using the Services, and to enable us to provide the Services. The collection of this information is a contractual requirement pursuant to the Terms of Use, and failure to provide the necessary information may result in our inability to provide to you some or all of the Services.
What Information Does Napster Collect?
Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use the Services, we automatically collect certain specific, available information in order to operate, maintain, and enhance the Services and to provide the Services to you, including:
Log information:
We collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, network or provider, web requests, access times, pages viewed, application version, crashes, content you access or download, web browser, links clicked, and the web page that referred you to us.
Device information:
We collect information about the device you use to access the Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network.
General location information:
We collect information about the general location of your device (your city or region) when you access or use the Services, usually based on your IP address.
Information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies:
We may use cookies and web beacons to collect information. See “Cookies and Advertising and Analytics Services” below for more information.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: This information allows us to provide the Services to you and to optimize your Napster experience for your region, device, browser, etc. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you give us permission to collect and store this kind of information. Do not access or use the Services if you do not consent.
Information You Make Available to Us
We collect information that you provide directly to us, including:
Personal information:
You may give us personal information such as your name, demographic information, email address, username or screen name, password, postal address, phone number, and language preference.
Interaction:
We collect information when you use any interactive features of the Services (including listening activity, search terms, and device input information); participate in a survey, contest or promotion; subscribe to a newsletter or email list; update your profile; purchase, access, “favourite,” or download content, credits, or other products through the Services; request customer support; or otherwise communicate with us.
Your payment information:
We collect payment information (such as your credit or debit card number), information about your transactions, and related information.
Other people:
We collect information you provide about others (for example, when you refer a friend to Napster) in accordance with applicable law.
Third-party services:
You may give us access to information about you from third-party services, such as Facebook or Amazon, such as your name and account information. We collect such information in accordance with that third-party service’s policies. (Please note that we will not be responsible if the third party breaches its own policies or any applicable laws, rules or regulations in relation to information you make available to us, from them. See “How Is Your Information Shared with Others?” below, for our disclaimer regarding use of your information by third parties with whom you or we decide to share it.)
Account Information:
You may authorize us to access the account information for accounts related to how you receive the Services that are stored on your device, such as app store accounts and linked social media accounts, which allows us to provide a quicker and easier onboarding experience.
Music library:
You may choose to explicitly give us access to the library of music files stored locally on your device.
Phone, Mobile Network, and Wi-fi:
You may give us permission to access your phone (including your phone number), or information about the mobile or wi-fi network your device is connected to. This information allows us to more quickly create an account for you, to optimize your experience if you are a customer of one of our many mobile carrier partners, or to communicate with you more easily.
Specific Location:
You may authorize us to collect information about your specific location so that we can provide localized content or other information about nearby friends or events. We will never access your specific location without your explicit permission for us to do so.
Contacts:
You may explicitly grant us permission to scan or access your contacts list to find your friends who are also using the Services, or to invite others to join. We will never access your contacts without your explicit permission, and we will only access the specific contacts you allow us to.
Photos and Camera:
You may authorize us to access photos and the camera on your device for use in connection with the Services – for example, to take or upload a profile picture or some cover art for a playlist. We will only access the specific photos you allow us to, and only for the stated purpose.
Microphone:
You may explicitly grant us permission to access your device’s microphone in order to enable certain features, such as voice control and song matching. We do not record or store audio information from your microphone. We will never access your microphone without your explicit permission, and only for the stated purpose.
Other Device Sensors:
You may allow us to collect information from various sensors on your device to make better content recommendations for you, such as using your device’s accelerometer to suggest music for the speed at which you are running.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: You grant us permission to collect certain information either by explicitly indicating your permission in the case of location, contacts, photos and camera, or microphone information, or, in the case of other information you voluntarily submit to Napster, by accepting this Privacy Policy and subsequently providing us with the information. If you do not consent to our collection of this kind of information, do not provide it to us and do not grant us permission.
How Does Napster Use Your Information?
We may use the information we collect for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain, update, develop, and improve the Services;
Process payments and other transactions, verify your right to access to the Services, and send you confirmations and invoices;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests, and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, updates, services, offers, targeted advertising, promotions, content, events offered by Napster and others, and other information;
Monitor and analyze usage and activities on the Services, for example to improve the Services, pay or report to rights holders, or calculate payments owed to Napster by advertisers;
Provide advertising that helps support the Services;
Determine the content that we make available to you (some of our content licences differ by country);
Personalise the Services, including by providing advertisements, recommendations, content, and features that match your interests, preferences, or location;
Process contest or promotion entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we receive from other sources to help understand your needs and to provide you with better service;
Create and maintain your personal profile (described below);
Protect Napster and our users;
Carry out the Advertising and Analytics Services (described below); and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We maintain your information at least for as long as you maintain an account. We may maintain certain information, including your personal information, interaction information, and account information, for an additional period of time, which may be as long as needed or permitted in light of the purposes for which the information was obtained. Unless you request that we delete it, we may retain information about users for at least two years after the deactivation of your account, so that you can re-activate your account and still have access to the same account, history, and preferences. You may ask us to delete any personally identifiable information we maintain about you, as described below.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: We collect your information to make your Napster experience better.
How Is Your Information Shared with Others?
Both Napster and you may sometimes make your information available to third parties in the specific situations described below. To the extent allowable by applicable law or Napster’s legal relationships with third parties, Napster is not responsible nor does it assume responsibility for any third party’s use of your information, or for the privacy practices of any third party (please note specific provisions for your territory (if any) at the end of this document).
Necessary Sharing with Napster Partners
Napster may share relevant information about you with certain third parties such as our partners. For example, our credit card processing partners require certain information in order to process your payment, and customer support contractors may require certain information in order to respond to your inquiries. In addition, under our content licences, we may be obligated to provide rights holders with anonymous information about how our users use and access content. Our partners are obligated to comply with strict contractual guidelines to keep all personal information that they access confidential, and to use that information only for authorised purposes.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: This category of sharing is necessary for us to provide the Services. If you do not consent to this sharing, do not access or use the Services.
Your Personal Profile
When you first use the Services, you are assigned a Napster profile, which you can use to discover and share music, and interact with other users. The default setting is that your Napster profile will be publicly accessible, but it will be anonymous (that is, it will not display your real name or any other personally identifying information). You can customise your profile by adding personal information like your name or a photo. You can choose whether your profile is public or private, and you may change between public and private as often as you wish.
IF YOUR PROFILE IS PUBLIC:
The information in your profile (which includes any personal information you have provided, your interactions with other users, and information about the music you listen to) will be accessible to other people, including people who are not users of the Services. Others may search for your profile if they have your username or screen name, real name, or email address (though we won’t provide your real name or email address to anyone who has not already shown that they know it by providing it to us). If you customize the information in your public profile, you may be asked to confirm that you wish it to remain public, and you may become identifiable to others. You grant us and our partners permission to use public information associated with your profile (including the fact that you have a public Napster profile) to promote and improve the Services or to help others (whether users of the Services or not) to find you and learn that you use the Services.
IF YOUR PROFILE IS PRIVATE:
Your profile and all of the information associated with it will be completely hidden from all other people, and we will not use your information for promotional purposes. You will not, however, be able to use certain features or functionalities of the Services.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: You may choose whether your profile is public or private. If you make it private, your profile and content will essentially be invisible and undiscoverable to others, but you will be unable to use certain features of the Services. If you leave your profile public, you can choose whether and how to customise your profile with additional information, or to interact with other users.
Interactions with Other Social Networks
The Services may offer tools that enable you to integrate your Napster account with a third-party social network (such as a Facebook “Like” button, or a Twitter “Tweet” button). These features let you share information from the Services with your friends, the public, or other third parties. For more information about the purpose and scope of how these features collect and share data, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: If you use social sharing features, you should check the privacy policies of the applicable third-party social networks to learn how your information is collected, processed, stored, and used.
Information Received from Third Parties
Napster may also receive your information from third-party partners, services, or advertisers to facilitate the selection of your content preferences. The third party’s use of this information is governed by the third party’s own privacy policy, and Napster’s use is governed by this Privacy Policy.
If you subscribe to the Services through a third-party Partner, such as a telephone carrier or device manufacturer, that Partner may provide to us information that you disclosed to them, in order for us to be able to better provide the Services to you. In that case, the information we receive from the Partner will be governed by this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it to Napster directly.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: You should consult the privacy policies of the third-party entities you share your information with to understand how they will use it and share it with Napster.
The Napster API
The Napster API is an interface with which other people may interact with Napster information and make use of it in new and interesting ways. If your profile is public, third parties may access information about you that is contained on your public profile through the Napster API, including your connections within the Services, and other information about how you use the Services.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: The Napster API will have access to and make available the full range of public information about you. You may revoke the Napster API’s access to information about you by making your profile private, at which point the Napster API will cease to make information about you available.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Napster uses cookies, web beacons, and related technologies. Cookies are fragments of text stored on your web browser. Web beacons are often transparent image files (also called pixels) that track usage of a particular web page. Temporary and persistent cookies and web beacons may be placed on your browser or device when you use the Services, in order to perform various functions, including allowing a page to recognize you when you return, anonymously aggregating usage information for analytical purposes, storing preferences, sharing information with third-parties, and delivering relevant advertisements. Some cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and others will always be used. They may be placed by Napster or our partners. These cookies and web beacons are used for the following purposes:
To allow you to stay logged in to the Services and to recall your subscription level.
To monitor traffic on and usage of our site and understand traffic patterns, collecting the IP address, browser, and operating system you use to access the site, date and time of access, the pages you visited and the page from which you arrived on our site.
To compile and report to third parties (like advertisers) aggregated statistics about our users in terms of numbers, traffic patterns, and information related to the site.
To register you on our service and recall your preferences.
To recognize repeat visitors for statistical or analytical purposes.
To anonymously track interactions with online advertisements, for example, monitoring the number of times an ad appears and the number of times it is clicked.
To authorise access to certain premium content or to test product features.
Along with additional information we collect from elsewhere, to carry out transactions, such as credit card sales.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you consent to the use of the technologies described above. However, you do have control over them. Most web browsers can be set to remove or reject browser cookies (this could affect the availability and functionality of the Services). Some third-party flash cookies must be disabled separately. While you cannot opt out of web beacons used in websites, you can limit their use by opting out of the cookies they interact with. There are many helpful resources on the Internet where you can learn more about cookies and how to control them.
Advertising and Analytics Services
We may allow others to (i) serve content and advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and (ii) to provide analytics services. These third-parties may use cookies, web beacons, local storage, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, device ID, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, content accessed, activity and location over time, links clicked, and conversion information, as well as personal information you have provided, such as demographic and geographic information. This information may be used by Napster and others to, among other things, analyse and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests or location, and better understand your online activity. In doing so, it may be combined with information from other sources (“Information”).
This information may be used by Napster and others for analytics purposes which includes analysing and tracking data, determining the popularity of certain content, and better understanding your online activity (“Analytics Services”). In doing so, it may be combined with information from other sources.
The Information may also be used by third parties to deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests or location. We or a third-party data partner may collect, store and share a unique identifier matched to your mobile device, in order to deliver customised ads or content while you use applications or surf the internet, or to seek to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers(“Advertising Services”). In order to customise these ads or content, we or a third-party data partner may collect and share anonymized information about you (received from third parties) either to data you have voluntarily submitted to us, like your email address or location, or to data we have collected from you, including your device identifier or IP address. This information will only be shared with these partners in aggregated, hashed, and/or non-human-readable form, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
To opt out of Advertising cookies, please update your cookie settings at
www.napster.com/cookie-settings
.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: You may opt out of the cookies described above by updating your cookie settings at
www.napster.com/cookie-settings
. Analytics services are essential to provide the Service to you. As such, in order to opt out of Analytics Services you must cancel your subscription to the Service. Additional country-specific resource pages can be found in the Territory-Specific Information section below.
Other Necessary Disclosures:
In the case of the sale of one or more business units of Napster, we may, at our discretion, share your personal information with bidders or buyers in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
If Napster enters into bankruptcy or its equivalent under local law, the administrator or receiver of the bankruptcy may have the ability to transfer your information in accordance with the proceedings and/or any future rendering of services.
We may, at our sole discretion and in compliance with applicable law, share your information with our corporate subsidiaries, parents, or affiliates as necessary to build, provide, and improve the Services throughout the world.
We may share your information as necessary to enforce our
End User Licence Agreement
and
Terms of Use
, investigate potential violations, or otherwise address potential or actual fraud or security or technical issues.
Napster may disclose your information if required by law or if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary in order to: (a) comply with the law; (b) comply with an order issued by a competent judicial authority; (c) obey the service of legal process upon Napster; (d) protect and defend Napster’s rights and/or property; or (e) act in emergency situations.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: Our disclosure of your information in these situations is required, either by law or the circumstances of the situation. You may not restrict this disclosure.
How Can You Control Your Napster Account?
Account Information
You may update, correct or deactivate your account information at any time by logging into your account online or on our apps, or by contacting us at help@napster.com. (If you log into the Services using your credentials from a third-party service, however, you may need to access that service to update your Napster account.) Deactivating your account will stop all new collection of information. Please note, however, that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes, as described above. You may (1) request that we permanently delete all personally identifiable information we have about you after your account is deactivated, (2) request access to the personally identifiable information we maintain for you, (3) correct or restrict processing of any personally identifiable information we maintain for you, or (4) revoke your consent to the collection of information or object to the processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy by contacting help@napster.com. Remember that if you do so, you may not be able to access some or all of the Services. You also have a right to data portability. You may lodge a complaint about the collection or processing of your information with the supervisory authority in the territory where you live.
Communications from Napster
Napster may communicate with you via email (at the address you provide to us), push notifications, alerts, or by other means. You may opt out of promotional communications from Napster by following the instructions in those communications, by updating your account preferences in your app settings or online account, or by contacting
help@napster.com
. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, changes to the governing legal documents (such as this Privacy Policy) or our ongoing business relations.
How Is Napster Keeping Your Information Safe?
The security of your information is important to us. Napster uses industry-standard methods, such as encryption and access restrictions, to protect you and to ensure that the information we collect is safe from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee the security of your information. You can help by securing your Napster account with a strong password, and not sharing your account information with others.
Your information may be collected, transferred, stored, processed, or used (collectively, “Accommodated” or “Accommodate”) in various locations around the world, which may not be in the country or Relevant Territory where you reside. The data protection, privacy and other applicable laws, rules and regulations in the territories where we Accommodate your Information may apply to your information, and may be different from those in the Relevant Territory where you live. Due to this, different standards of protection of your information may apply, depending on the relevant jurisdiction in which your information is Accommodated. We (and the third parties we work with) implement procedures to guarantee reasonable levels of data protection when we store and process your information. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you consent to all aspects of the Accommodation of your information in other territories. To the extent permissible in the Relevant Territory where you live, by using the Services, you waive whatever right you may have to ensure that your information is Accommodated in a particular territory.
Children
Napster is committed to the protection of the privacy and safety of children. Pursuant to our
Terms of Use
, you must be at least 18 years old (or the age of majority in the territory where you live, whichever is higher) to create an account, and at least 13 years old (or the legal minimum in the territory where you live, whichever is higher) (the “Minimum Age”) to use the Services. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the Minimum Age. Do not submit any personal information of anyone under the Minimum Age to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from someone under the Minimum Age, we will take measures to promptly delete that information. Please contact us at
privacy@napster.com
if you believe we have inadvertently collected such information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may, at our sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy, and for significant changes, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by sending you a notification) or ask you to explicitly accept the new version of this Privacy Policy. Any changes will become effective 14 days after notification. If you object to any of the changes, you may terminate your account and stop using the Services. If we do not ask you to explicitly consent to the changes, your continued use of any Service or your explicit consent following a change will constitute your binding acceptance of the change.
WHAT THIS MEANS TO YOU: We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you access or use the Services to stay informed about our information practices, any new changes or related advances, and the ways you can help protect your privacy. If you object to changes we make to this Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account and stop using the Services.
Contact Us
If you have questions or complaints, or want information about the information we have collected, you may contact us at
privacy@napster.com
.
Territory-Specific Information
Additional information or resources apply in certain territories. Please read the following information, if applicable to the Relevant Territory in which you live:
Brazil
Brazilian law shall apply to your use of the Services, including specific provisions about privacy. In order to comply with the applicable law, Napster will store data related to your activities when using the Services, such as access logs, for the term established by Law 12.965/2014 or another updated regulation that replaces or modifies it.
Once you stop using the Services, you may request the deletion of all data related to your use of the Services – this, however, shall not prevent Napster from complying with the storage obligations set forth by Law 12.965/2014 or another updated regulation that replaces or modifies it.
Germany
Soweit Napster vorstehend erklärt, nicht verantwortlich zu sein und keine Verantwortung zu übernehmen für jedwede Nutzung Ihrer Informationen durch Dritte oder für die Datenschutzpraktiken jedweder Dritten, so gilt dies nicht für die Haftung von Napster für Schäden aus der Verletzung des Lebens, des Körpers oder der Gesundheit, die auf einer fahrlässigen Pflichtverletzung von Napster oder einer vorsätzlichen oder fahrlässigen Pflichtverletzung seiner gesetzlichen Vertreters oder Erfüllungsgehilfen beruhen und dies gilt ferner nicht für die Haftung von Napster für Schäden die auf einer grob fahrlässigen Pflichtverletzung von Napster oder auf einer vorsätzlichen oder grob fahrlässigen Pflichtverletzung der gesetzlichen Vertreters oder Erfüllungsgehilfen von Napster beruhen.
Canada
To learn more about how we use your information with our advertising partners to target ads to you, or to opt out of the use of your information for advertising purposes, please visit the
DAAC Consumer Opt-Out page
.
For additional information on your rights regarding the collection and use of your personal information, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada:
30 Victoria Street
Gatineau, Quebec
K1A 1H3
Toll Free: 1-800-282-1376
Phone: 819-994-5444
Fax: 819-994-5424
TTY: 819-994-6591
www.priv.gc.ca
For additional information on your rights regarding the use of computer programs to collect your personal information, you may contact the CRTC:
Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission
Les Terrasses de la Chaudière
Central Building
1 Promenade du Portage
Gatineau, Quebec
J8X 4B1
Toll Free: 1-877-249-CRTC (2782)
Toll-free TTY: 1-877-909 CRTC (2782)
Tel: 819-997-0313
www.crtc.gc.ca
Europe
Before you will be allowed to register for an account and use the Services which are available to registered users, you must explicitly consent to this Privacy Policy. Except to the extent that our use of your personal information is necessary to provide you with the Services or for billing purposes or applicable law permits our processing of your information without your consent, you may revoke any consent to process your information in the future or object to a specific use of your information (such as for advertising or market/opinion research). At your request, we will also confirm what personal information we hold about you, update or correct your information, remove your information, and fulfil specific opt-out requests. To make such a request, please contact privacy@napster.com. If you opt out of our collection or use of certain information, however, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Service.
The data controller for your personal information is:
Napster Luxembourg S.a.r.l.
60, Route de Luxembourg, L-5408 Bous, Luxemburg
Registration Number: B 110203
legal@napster.com
You may contact our data protection team at
dataprotection@napster.com
.
We do not collect information from you for the purposes of advertising if we believe you to be in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
Napster may transfer, store, and process your personal information outside the EEA, including in India (for customer support purposes only) and the United States of America. Some non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of such countries may be accessed at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.html
). Where your personal information is to be shared outside the countries considered adequate by the European Commission, we take measures to ensure appropriate levels of protection for all such information. This transfer may occur because it is necessary to enable the Services you request, pursuant to contracts in your interest or at your request, or for other legitimate operational and management reasons. By accepting this Privacy Policy and using the Services, you consent to this transfer.
You may lodge a complaint with your territory’s supervisory authority if you have a concern about the manner in which we process your information.
In the European Union, the Minimum Age is 16.
USA
To learn more about how we use your information with our advertising partners to target ads to you, or to opt out of the use of your information for advertising purposes, please visit the
DAA Consumer Opt-Out page
or the
NAI Opt-Out page
.
USA: California
California law permits residents of California to request and obtain removal of personal information pertaining to them from online services. It also permits all California residents to request certain details about how their personal information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make these types of requests, please contact us at
privacy@napster.com
.
Pursuant to California law, you may opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes by updating your cookie settings at
www.napster.com/cookie-settings
. Napster does not sell your personal information to third parties.
Pursuant to California law, residents have the right to receive equal service and pricing from a business. Napster can’t deny service to those residents who exercise their privacy rights.
Further, California law requires that commercial websites such as ours disclose to residents of the state how we address “do not track” browser settings. There is currently no industry-wide practice or consensus on how to proceed. We therefore do not vary our existing practices when in receipt of “do not track” signals.
Sub-policy 9
https://tidal.com/privacy:
