Last updated: 2022-12-19
Privacy Policy
I. GENERAL PROVISIONS
Era Finance Ltd. (private limited company, company code C 92740, registered at Suite 1, Sterling Building, Enrico Mizzi Street, XBX 1453, Ta’ Xbiex, Malta) (the “
Company
“ or “
we
“) administrates
bankera.com
(the “
Website
" or the “
Platform
”) and offers Bankera account (the “
Bankera account
”) and other services (all together hereinafter referred to as the “
Services
“) available through the Platform.
This Privacy Policy (the “
Policy
") applies to your use of the Website and the Services available through it.
This Policy explains how your personal data is being processed in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) (“
GDPR
“) and other applicable laws. The Policy also explains how we process your personal data through any relationship we have, whether it would be use of the Services on the Platform, online support services or any other possible mean. In case you provide information about other natural persons to the Company, you undertake to make this Policy known to them before the disclosure of such information to the Company.
The Company takes all the necessary measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction, or damage. This includes legal, organizational, technical, and physical security measures.
By using this Website and the Services you confirm you have read, understood and agree with this Policy and other privacy policies you may find hereinafter in this Policy. The Company reserves the right to make changes to this Policy. An up-to-date version of the Policy is posted on the Website.
II. PERSONAL DATA MANAGEMENT PRINCIPLES
The Company undertakes to ensure your personal data is:
processed lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner in relation to you;
collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes;
adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date;
kept in a form which permits your identification for no longer than it is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of your personal data.
The Company follows the above indicated principles strictly during the processing of your personal data and request the same from the data processors which it may use to process personal data on behalf of the Company.
III. LAWFULNESS OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
Your personal data will be processed if:
you have given a consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes;
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or the third party.
processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us.
IV. PURPOSES FOR WHICH YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING PROCESSED
Direct marketing
. We process your email address and / or telephone number for this purpose in order to update you on our offered Services and proposals and / or ask your opinion about the Services.
Support services
. We process your personal data for this purpose in order to be able to answer the inquiries you have.
Call recording
. We process your personal data for this purpose in order to ensure the quality of our services and customer support.
Proper and secure operation of the Platform
. We process your personal data for this purpose in order to ensure smooth and secure operation of the Platform.
Organization of campaigns and competitions
. We process your personal data for this purpose in order to execute the organized campaigns and competitions.
Use of the Company’s social network accounts
. We process your personal data for this purpose in order to administer the Company’s social network accounts.
V. METHODS HOW YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING COLLECTED
The Company collects your personal data when:
you use Bankera account and the Services;
you call to Bankera (or answer to our call) and consent to the call being recorded;
you participate in the campaigns and competitions organized by Bankera;
you request Services support;
you use or view the Platform;
you view or act on Company’s social network accounts;
you share your information with Bankera;
your personal data has been provided by the authorized third party.
In order to ensure smooth delivery of the requested Services or keep you updated with Bankera news, the Company may also collect your personal data from the data controllers and/or the respectable third parties wherein you have already initiated or have an account, partners that process your contact details or public sources.
VI. CATEGORIES OF THE PROCESSED PERSONAL DATA
The scope of your personal data indicated below which could be requested by the Company and further processed in order to provide the Services for the purposes indicated in article
4
of this Policy may vary depending on the type of Services chosen particularly by you and Company‘s applied procedures to execute it, as well as, legal requirements applied for such provision of Services in order to prevent possible risks and various crimes.
In order to provide the Services, we may process your personal data categories, such as (including but not limited):
General data:
first name, last name;
Contact data:
e-mail; telephone number, address;
Communication data:
correspondence, chats, date, time;
Social network data:
social network profile photo, name, surname, your comments, emotions and other actions expressed via our social network account, other your social network profile information provided by you;
Call recording data:
the record of the call, including the representation of the agent and all information discussed during the call, type of the call, contact telephone number, date, time, duration of the call, wait time, agent‘s name and surname;
History data:
your experience using the Website, the register of all timestamped your actions performed on the Platform (i.e., your separately expressed consents for personal data processing such as consent for direct marketing);
Information related to electronic devices:
IP address(es), time zone, time, data, browser information, electronic device‘s operational system information, location data (country (code), city), internet service provider (ISP), selected language.
Other data which may be requested or gathered by the Company or provided by the customer herself/himself or any third party.
VII. PERSONAL DATA RECIPIENTS
Your personal data indicated in article
6
of this Policy may be provided by the Company itself or upon respective request to the below indicated categories of personal data recipients:
service providers, i.e. marketing service providers, shipping service providers, IT service providers, telecommunication and call recording service providers;
credit, financial, payment and (or) electronic money institutions;
payment services providers, as well as intermediary services providers;
other service providers which services may include, or which are engaged in personal data processing executed by the Company.
However, your personal data processed due to provision of Bankera account services and all activities relating thereto, including but not limited to, your personal account information, your identity and verification data collected in relation with “Know Your Customer” principle, your Bankera account details, payment transactions, your requests, communication and other information related to provision of support services, are processed by a sole data controller - UAB “Pervesk” - which is an electronic money institution responsible for provision of Bankera account services. Before starting to use Bankera account services you must familiarize with UAB “Pervesk” privacy policy available here:
https://pervesk.lt/en/privacy-policy/
.
Personal data may also be provided to other recipients if:
the Company has to comply with a legal obligation to which it is a subject; or
such requested personal data is necessary for the concrete data recipient to carry out a particular inquiry in the general interest, in accordance with European Union or Member State law; or
the data requesting party has a legitimate interest to request for such information;
other grounds indicated in Article 6 of GDPR are applied.
In general, Company process your personal data within European Union (“
EU
”) or European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), however, there might be some cases when the Company cooperates with the recipients outside EU or EEA. In such cases the Company makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that at least one of the following GDPR requirements is complied:
the recipient is located in the territory which is acknowledged by the European Commission as ensuring the adequate level of personal data protection;
the Company and the recipient have concluded Standard contractual clauses regarding personal data transferring which were approved by the European Commission;
the Codes of Conduct or other measures indicated in Chapter V of GDPR have been complied.
VIII. PERSONAL DATA STORAGE
The Company processes personal data so that it could achieve the purposes indicated in article
4
of this Policy.
In order to set the below indicated data retention periods the Company has referred to the legal acts and public recommendations applicable in Europe Union and locally such as compliance with legit limitation periods, as well as current business practice.
Depending on the category of personal data and the purpose it is being processed your data retention periods applied within the Company as it is required by the law or business practice to ensure smooth delivery of the Services are:
for the purpose of
direct marketing
in order to update you about our Services, products and proposals, as well as, ask your opinion about your experience using the Services, we will process your personal data as long as you are registered to use the Services and/or have contractual relationship with us, except in cases when you have objected to such processing, terminated the contractual relationship or requested erasure of your personal data;
for the purpose of
call recording
your personal data will be processed for 6 months since the date the record of the call has been made.
for the purpose of
provisions of support services
your enquiries together with your provided personal data will be processed for 3 years since the conclusions of the executed correspondence.
for the purposes of
proper and secure operation of the Platform
we process your personal data throughout the term we support the Platform.
for the purpose of
organization of campaigns and competitions
we process your personal data for 14 days after the end of the competition or campaign, unless it is objectively necessary to process personal data for longer;
for the purpose of
use of the Company’s social network accounts
we process your personal data until your social network account or Company’s social network account is deleted – whichever comes first;
Upon the end of the retention periods, indicated above, your personal data is erased. However, the aforementioned time limits may be additionally extended if a competent authority conducts an investigation and the further data processing is necessary to execute it or the data processing is necessary based on other legit reasons.
IX. DIRECT MARKETING
In order to provide you generic or personalized up-to-date news about our Services, inform about current proposals and / or ask your opinion about the Services, your email address and / or telephone number might be processed by the Company for direct marketing purpose.
We process your personal data for direct marketing purpose based on legitimate interest or your consent by complying with applicable laws and regulations. We may also send profiled direct marketing material based on legitimate interest and categorization of your profile information (such as customer’s type, last login, last transaction time, Services being ordered / used, source used for accessing the Services, customer’s verification status, residing country, transaction information (amount, number, etc.), use of referral code / link) in order to inform you about the news that may be mostly interesting and relevant to you and / or ask your opinion about the specific Services.
In order to send you the direct marketing material we may use third party services and share your email address and / or telephone number with them.
Your contact details, indicated in article 9.1, will be processed for the period indicated in article 8.3.1 of this Policy.
You shall have a right to object at any time to processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that is related to such direct marketing, by changing the settings in your profile, clicking on the withdrawal link provided in the received newsletters or by sending us a request at the contacts provided in the Platform.
X. INFORMATION SECURITY
The Company takes various security ensuring technologies and procedures in order to protect your personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, misuse, unauthorized access, illegal usage, destruction, disclosure, damage and etc. This includes legal, organisational, technical, and physical security measures, such as latest security systems, ability to detect cyber security attacks and other threats to the integrity of the Platform. However, no transmission of information via e-mail or other telecommunication channels or your access to the Platform or the Services through the internet could be fully secured. Therefore, you should take due care when you are accessing the Platform or using the Services via internet or sharing confidential information via e-mail or other telecommunication channels.
XI. COOKIES
Cookies are small information files found in the Platform you visit and stored in your computer or mobile device. In order to get to know more about cookies, please read
Cookie Policy
available on the Platform.
XII. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You have certain legal rights in relation to the processing of your personal data, including:
the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the information regarding its processing;
the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you and, taking into account the purpose of the processing, the right to have incomplete personal information completed;
the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay if one of the grounds set out in article 17 of the GDPR applies;
the right to obtain from us restriction of processing where one of the grounds set out in article 18 of the GDPR applies;
the right to data portability in accordance with article 20 of the GDPR;
the right to object at any time to processing of your personal data in accordance with article 21 of the GDPR;
the right not to be subject to an automated individual decision-making, including profiling in accordance with article 22 of the GDPR.
This Policy does not deprive you of any other legal rights you may enforce under the applicable law.
You may exercise your rights by sending us a request via e-mail:
support@bankera.com
.
You may exercise your rights only after the Company has successfully identified you. Therefore, the Company may ask you to provide additional information in order to duly identify the person sending the request, such as a selfie with your ID document, video or voice call, or any other additional document which could let to determine your identity. If the Company is not sure about the identity of the person sending data request, the Company may not provide the requested information to him / her.
You may be provided with information related to the exercise of your rights free of charge. However, your request for the exercise of rights may be waived or may be subject to an appropriate fee if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular, because of their repetitive character.
The Company shall provide you with information on the actions taken upon receipt of your request for the exercise of your rights or the reasons for the inaction no later than within 1 month from the receipt of the request. The period for submitting the requested information may be extended, if necessary, for a further 2 months, depending on the complexity and number of requests. When you submit the request by electronic means, the information shall also be provided by electronic means.
If you consider that your personal data is being processed in violation of your rights and legitimate interests in accordance with applicable law, you shall have the right to file a complaint against the processing of Personal Data to the State Data Protection Inspectorate.
XIII. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
You confirm that you have provided correct data about yourself in every required form and that afterward when changing or adding any data at the Website, you will enter only correct data. The Company will not tolerate invalid, false or otherwise incorrect data and will pursue actions in accordance with its legal obligations. You shall bear any losses that occur with regard to the submission of invalid, false or otherwise incorrect data.
You are responsible for maintaining adequate security and control of every data you use on the Website. If you have not complied with this obligation and / or could, but have not prevented it and / or performed it on purpose or due to own negligence, you assume the losses and undertake to reimburse the losses of other persons incurred as a result of your (in)action.
The Company draws your attention to the fact that e-mail address and any other contact information you have chosen to provide are used for your identification and communication. You undertake the responsibility to protect these instruments and logins to them. You are responsible for password disclosure and for all operations performed after you use the password for a relevant account. We recommend memorizing your passwords and not to write them down or enter anywhere where they may be seen by other persons.
XIV. CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or your personal data protection or if you want to withdraw your consent, or execute your rights you may contact us via e-mail
support@bankera.com
.
XV. FINAL PROVISIONS
This Policy shall be viewed and applied in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Malta.
The Company may change, amend, delete any of the provisions contained in this Policy at any time and in its sole discretion. Any such changes will be effective upon the posting of the revised Policy and you are solely responsible for reviewing it. Your continued use of the Website and Services following any such revisions to the Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to any of such changes, do not continue to use our Services.
Company’s Website and products may contain links to third-party sites. These third-party websites apply their own privacy policies. If you visit these websites, you will be covered by their respective policies.
Navigated to Privacy Policy
Chat with us
, powered by
LiveChat
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://pervesk.lt/en/privacy-policy/:
UAB “PERVESK” PRIVACY POLICY
1.  GENERAL PROVISIONS
UAB "Pervesk", company code 304186270, with its registered
office at Gedimino Ave. 5-3, LT-01103 Vilnius, the Republic of
Lithuania ("
Pervesk
", "
Company,
"
we
" or "
us
") is
a licensed electronic money institution (electronic money
institution license No. 17, Issuing and Supervisory Authority -
Bank of Lithuania), which directly or through the intermediaries
provides services which are allowed under our electronic money
institution license and which are described on the website
www.pervesk.lt
(the "
Services"
).
Services may be available through our or our intermediaries'
internet banking systems (ib.pervesk.lt, ib.bankera.com or
other), mobile apps or application programming interfaces (all
of them or any of them hereinafter may be referred to as the
"
Platform
"). The Services that Pervesk provides are subject
to the relevant terms and conditions, which are presented in the
respective Platform.
In order to provide Services, we may process personal data of
our customers, their clients or representative, other related
persons, such as beneficial owners, transaction senders, etc.
(all together referred to as "
Customer
" or "
you
").
Any personal data we gather, use or share about you is processed
in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection
of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal
data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing
Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation)
("
GDPR"
) and other applicable laws.
This Privacy Policy ("
Policy
") applies to your use of the
Platform and any of Services, available through it. The Policy
explains how we process your personal data through any
relationship we have, whether it would be use of the Services on
the Platform, online support services or any other possible
mean. In case you provide information about other natural
persons to the Company, you undertake to make this Policy known
to them before the disclosure of such information to the
Company.
By contacting us, using this Platform and / or our Services you
confirm you have read, understood and agreed with this Policy.
2.  PRINCIPLES OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING FOLLOWED BY THE COMPANY
The Company undertakes to ensure your personal data is:
processed lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner in
relation to you;
collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes
(f. e. prevention of money laundering and terrorist
financing, performance of Services, etc.), and not further
processed in a manner that is incompatible with those
purposes;
adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in
relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date;
kept in a form which permits your identification for no
longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the
personal data are processed;
processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of
your personal data.
The Company follows the above indicated principles strictly
during the processing of your personal data and request the same
from the data processors which it may use to process personal
data on behalf of the Company.
3.  LAWFULNESS OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
Your personal data will be processed if:
you have given consent to the processing of your personal
data for one or more specific purposes; and/or
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to
which you are party or in order to take steps at your
request prior to entering into a contract; and/or
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal
obligation to which we are subject; and/or
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate
interests pursued by us or the third party;
processing is necessary for the performance of a task
carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of
official authority vested in us.
If Services are allowed by us and available for the child under
the age of 16, their personal data will be processed only with
the consent of the holders of parental responsibility, and only
to the extent that such consent or permit is given.
The Company may subject its Customers to decisions based solely
on automated processing, including profiling, only if it is
necessary for conclusion of a contract between you and the
Company or due to provision of the Services under such contract,
it is authorised by the law or you have expressed an explicit
consent to such processing.
4.  PURPOSES FOR THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your personal data is being processed for the purposes of:
provision of the Services (account opening, transfers of
funds, payment collection and other payment services);
prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing
(implementation of the principle "Know Your Customer");
implementation of international sanctions;
Services support;
quality assurance;
call recording;
use of the Company's social networks accounts;
proper and secure use of the Platform and of Customer's
online account.
The processing of your personal data is necessary for the
implementation of the above indicated purpose(s), therefore, if
you fail to provide the requested data the Company may not be
able to provide your requested Services.
5.  METHODS OF PERSONLA DATA COLLECTION USED BY THE COMPANY
The Company collects your personal data directly from you or
from the third parties when:
you use or view the Platform;
you register to the Platform;
you request or use our Services;
you request Services support;
you call to us (or answer to our call) and consent to the call being recorded;
we execute Customer's due diligence or ongoing due
diligence;
we monitor your transactions;
we check whether you are not related to fraudulent
activities;
we receive requests, orders, decisions or etc. from the
third parties regarding you;
authorized third parties have provided your personal
data.
In order to ensure smooth delivery of the requested Services or
keep you updated about our news, the Company may also collect
your personal data and renew personal data related to
Customer's profile based on the up-to-date information
received from the data controllers and / or the respectable
third parties wherein you have already initiated or have an
account, partners that process your contact details or public
registers, sources.
6.  CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA THE COMPNAY MAY PROCESS ABOUT YOU
The scope of the Customer's personal data indicated below which
could be requested by the Company and further processed in order
to provide the Services for the purposes indicated in article 3
of this Policy may vary depending on the type of Services chosen
particularly by the Customer and Company's applied verification
procedures to execute it, as well as, legal requirements applied
for such provision of the Services in order to prevent possible
risks and various crimes.
In order to provide the Services, we may process your personal
data categories, such as (including but not limited):
General data:
name, surname, personal code, date of
birth, citizenship(s), place of birth (city, country),
country of residence for tax purpose, taxpayer
identification number (TIN), address, city/town, postal
code, phone number, e-mail, selfie with the identity
document, video, data about Customer which may be provided
in double-checking systems;
Other Customer's profile information
: profile type,
unique character sequence assigned to the Customer for
identification, executed Customer's assessment
(evaluation) results, chosen means of identification, 2FA
information, Customer's number, user ID, referral code,
referral ID, session ID, login status, email confirmed
status, phone confirmed status, compliance officer
comments;
Social network data
: social network profile photo, name,
surname, your comments, emotions and other actions
expressed via our social network account, other your
social network profile information provided by you;
Identity document data
: ID Type (Passport / Identity
Card / Residence permit), its copy, MRZ, document number,
date of issue, date of expiry;
Data obtained and/or created while performing legal
obligation:
inquiries, requests, notifications, orders,
courts decisions or other data related to the specific
Customer(s) which may be received by or provided to the
police, courts, investigative bodies, notaries, tax
administrator, courts, bailiffs and other institutions;
Information about Customer's occupation and income
sources:
Specific occupation: paid employee (position) / owner of
legal entity (company name) / registered self-employee
/ unemployed / other;
Main sectors of customer's occupation, individual or
business activity;
Information regarding countries in which customer is
employed, carries out individual activity or business:
countries, whereas activity or business is conducted
or registered in preferential tax zone, percentage of
turnover in cash for such activity or business;
Payment account opening information:
Purpose for account opening;
Source of Customer's income and wealth;
Services which the Customer plans to use
Monthly planned account turnover in EUR;
Number of transactions and countries from which the
funds will be received or transferred;
Account number;
**Information about Politically Exposed Person ("PEP"): **
Information whether the Customer is PEP itself or has an
immediate relationship with PEP;
General information regarding PEP: relation, name,
surname, country, institution, PEP's position;
Information about Beneficial Owner ("UBO"):
Information whether the Customer is the UBO of the
account and the funds in the account;
General UBO's identification data: name, surname, ID
copy, date of birth, personal code, citizenship,
country of residence for tax purposes, tax
identification number (TIN), place of birth (city,
country), registered residential address, share of
benefit;
Financial data
:
related payment card (i.e. currency, card number,
validity date, card owner's name and surname,
CVV/CVV2);
Customer's account information (e.g., services,
transactions type, sender, recipient, amount, purpose,
extracts, etc.)
information about accounts in other financial
institutions (i.e. name of institution, country,
account number);
Customer's creditworthiness information (i.e. creditors,
type of debt and its amount, due dates, debtor's
identification number, etc.).
Communication data: date, time, correspondence, video and
voice calls, chats, etc.
Information related to electronic devices:
IP
address(es); time zone; log-in and log-out register;
browser information; electronic device's operational
system information; location data (country (code), city),
internet service provider (ISP); selected language;
information regarding Customer's actions within Platform;
History data:
Customer's experience using the Platform,
the register of all Customer's actions performed on the
Platform (i.e. operations, such as funds transactions,
linking cards, log-in and log-out register, register of
reset password),;
Call recording data:
the record of the call, including the
representation of the agent and all information discussed during
the call, type of the call, contact telephone number, date,
time, duration of the call, wait time, agent‘s name and surname;
Other data which may be requested or gathered by the
Company or provided by the Customer herself/himself or any
third party.
7.  DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA TO OTHER PARTIES
Your personal data indicated in article 6 of this Policy may be
provided by the Company itself or upon respective request to the
below indicated categories of personal data recipients:
credit, financial, payment and (or) electronic money
institutions, agencies, bureaus;
payment service providers and related service providers, as
well as intermediary services providers;
payment gateway service providers, acquiring service providers;
authorities (i.e. supervising institutions, law enforcement
institutions, courts, bailiffs);
auditors, legal and financial consultants;
IT providers;
telecommunication and call recording service providers;
fraud detection services providers;
data processors;
related business partners, agents;
other service providers which services may include, or which
are engaged in personal data processing executed by the
Company.
Personal data may also be provided to other recipients if:
the Company has to comply with a legal obligation to which
it is a subject; or
such requested personal data is necessary for the concrete
data recipient to carry out a particular inquiry in the
general interest, in accordance with the European Union or
Member State law; or
the data requesting party has a legitimate interest to
request for such information;
other grounds indicated in Article 6 of GDPR are applied.
The Company maintains strong cooperation with local and
international authorities and institutions, therefore, upon
request of such party substantiated under article 7.2. of this
Policy, your personal data may be provided to the requested
party without permission to notify you.
In general, the Company process your personal data within the
European Union ("
EU"
) or the European Economic Area
("
EEA"
), however, there might be some cases when the
Company cooperates with the recipients outside EU or EEA. In
such cases the Company makes all reasonable efforts to ensure
that at least one of the following GDPR requirements is
complied:
the recipient is located in the territory which is
acknowledged by the European Commission as ensuring the
adequate level of personal data protection;
the Company and the recipient have concluded the
Standard contractual clauses regarding personal data
transferring which were approved by the European Commission;
the Codes of Conduct or other measures indicated in Chapter
V of GDPR have been complied.
8.  PERSONAL DATA RETENTION PERIOD
The Company processes personal data so that it could achieve the
purposes indicated in article 4 of this Policy.
In order to set the below indicated data retention periods the
Company has referred to the legal acts and public
recommendations applicable in the European Union and locally
such as compliance with legit limitation periods, as well as
current business practice.
Depending of the category of personal data and the purpose it is
being processed your data retention period applied within the
Company as it is required by the law or business practice to
ensure smooth delivery of the Services is:
for the purposes indicated in articles 4.1.1 - 4.1.3 of
this Policy we process your personal data throughout the
term of our contractual relationship and store it after
this relationship ends for as many years as it is required
by law (for example, it may be required to store your
personal data for 8 years, whilst the concluded service
contract itself with the personal data therein may be
necessary to store for 10 years after the contractual
relationship ends). The personal data processing for such
period is based on necessity to execute Customer's due
diligence, conduct ongoing monitoring, collect supporting
evidence and records of transactions. In case the
contractual relationship has not been established based on
reasons not related with prevention of money laundering
and terrorist financing (e.g., you decided not to finish
application or verification procedure due to your own
personal reasons) your personal data will be stored for 2
years since the last contact with you or action from your
side;
for the purposes indicated in article 4.1.4 - 4.1.5 we
process your personal data collected via correspondence
with you throughout the term of our contractual
relationship and store it after this relationship ends for
as many years as it is required by law (for example, it
may be required to store such data for additional 5
years). In case you have not established or has already
terminated contractual relationship with Pervesk, your
personal data will be processed for these purposes for a
period of 2 years since our last actual contact with each
other (e.g., our last e-mail to you answering your
request);
the purpose indicated in article 4.1.6. your personal data
will be processed for 6 months since the date the record
of the call has been made;
for the purpose indicated in article 4.1.7. we process your
personal data until your social network account or
Company's social network account is deleted - whichever
comes first;
for the purposes indicated in article 4.1.8. we process your
personal data throughout the term we support the Platform.
Upon the end of retention period, indicated above, your personal
data is erased or anonymised (irreversibly).
9. INFORMATION SECURITY
The Company takes various security ensuring technologies and
procedures in order to protect your personal data against
unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, misuse,
unauthorized access, illegal usage, destruction, disclosure,
damage and etc. This includes legal, organisational, technical,
and physical security measures, such as latest security systems,
two-factor authentication and passwords, ability to detect cyber
security attacks and other threats to the integrity of the
Platform, working only with trustworthy service providers, etc.
However, no transmission of information via e-mail or other
telecommunication channels or your access to the Platform or the
Services through the internet could be fully secured. Therefore,
you should take due care when you are accessing the Platform or
using the Services via internet or sharing confidential
information via e-mail or other telecommunication channels.
10. COOKIES
Cookies are small information files found in the Platform you
visit and stored in your computer or mobile device. In order to
get to know more about cookies, please read Cookie Policy on the
Platform.
11. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You have certain legal rights in relation to the processing of
your personal data, including:
the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not
personal data concerning you are being processed, and,
where that is the case, access to the personal data and
the information regarding its processing;
the right to obtain from us without undue delay the
rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you
and, taking into account the purpose of the processing,
the right to have incomplete personal information
completed;
the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data
concerning you without undue delay if one of the grounds
set out in article 17 of the GDPR applies;
the right to obtain from us restriction of processing where
one of the grounds set out in article 18 of the GDPR
applies;
the right to data portability in accordance with article 20
of the GDPR;
the right to object at any time to processing of your
personal data in accordance with article 21 of the GDPR;
the right not to be subject to an automated individual
decision-making, including profiling in accordance with
article 22 of the GDPR.
The Customer should be aware that the above indicated rights may
not be absolute - it depends on the particular Customer's
request and the purpose and / or basis for his / her personal
data processing. Also this Policy does not deprive you of any
other legal rights you may enforce under the applicable law.
The Customer may exercise his / her rights only after the
Company has successfully identified him / her. If the Company is
not sure about the identity of the person sending data request,
the Company may not provide the requested information to him /
her, unless the Customer's identity is confirmed. Therefore, if
you like to address a request towards the company regarding
execution of your rights, we suggest you to do it once you are
logged in to your personal account on the Platform (so that we
could identify you). In case you decide to use other
communication channels, such as sending a request via email,
kindly ask you to indicate in the e-mail your name, surname,
your date of birth and the last four digitals of your identity
document number which you used when entering into contractual
relationship with the us. In addition, the Company keeps the
right to decide if the other or additional legitimate mean of
identification proof should be requested, such as a selfie with
your ID document, certified copy of your ID document, video or
voice call, or any other additional document or method which
could let to determine your identity.
The Customer is provided with information related to the
exercise of his / her rights free of charge. However, the
Customer's request for the exercise of rights may be waived or
may be subject to an appropriate fee if the request is
manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of
their repetitive character.
The Company shall provide the Customer with information on the
actions taken upon receipt of the Customer's request for the
exercise of his rights or the reasons for the inaction no later
than within 1 month from the receipt of the request. The period
for submitting the requested information may be extended, if
necessary, for 2 more months, depending on the complexity and
number of requests. When the Customer submits the request by
electronic means, the information shall also be provided by
electronic means.
If the Customer considers that his / her personal data is being
processed in violation of his / her rights and legitimate
interests in accordance with applicable law, the Customer shall
have the right to file a complaint against the processing of
personal data to the State Data Protection Inspectorate of the
Republic of Lithuania.
12. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
You confirm that you have provided correct data about yourself
in every required form and that afterwards, when changing or
adding any data at the Platform, you will enter only correct
data. The Company will not tolerate invalid, false or otherwise
incorrect data and will pursue actions in accordance with its
legal obligations. You shall bear any losses that occur with
regard to the submission of invalid, false or otherwise
incorrect data.
You are responsible for maintaining adequate security and
control of every identification number, password, and / or any
other code that you use to access the Platform. If you have not
complied with this obligation and / or could, but have not
prevented it and / or performed it on purpose or due to own
negligence, you assume the losses and undertake to reimburse the
losses of other persons incurred as a result of your (in)action.
In the event of loss of any password by yourself or if the
password(s) are disclosed not due to your or Company's fault, or
in case of a real threat that has occurred or may occur to your
account, you undertake to change the password(s) immediately or,
if you do not have a possibility to do that, not later than
within 1 calendar day notify the Company. The Company shall not
be liable for consequences that have originated due to the
notification failure or unauthorised access to your account not
due to the fault of the Company.
After the Company receives the notification from you as
indicated above, the Company shall immediately suspend access to
your account and provision of the Company's Services until a new
password is provided / created for you.
The Company draws your attention to the fact that your user ID,
email address or any other contact information you have chosen
to link to your account are used for your identification and
communication. You undertake responsibility to protect these
instruments and logins to them. You are responsible for password
disclosure and for all operations performed after you use the
password for a relevant account. We recommend to memorize your
passwords and not to write them down or enter anywhere where
they may be seen by other persons.
13. CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or your personal
data protection or if you want to withdraw your consent, or
execute your rights you may contact our Data Protection Officer
who monitors that your data processing executed by the Company
complies with the applicable data protection laws. You can reach
our Data Protection Officer via e-mail: dpo@pervesk.lt or mail
via postal address: UAB "Pervesk", address Gedimino Ave. 5-3,
LT-01103 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania, with a notice
"Data Protection Officer".
14. FINAL PROVISIONS
This Policy shall be viewed and applied in accordance with the
GDPR and other applicable laws.
The Company reserves the right to make changes to this Policy
from time to time. An up-to-date version of the Policy is posted
on the Platform, therefore, please do review it regularly. Your
continued use of the Platform and Services following any such
revisions to the Policy will constitute your acceptance of such
changes. If you do not agree to any such of such changes, do not
continue to use our Services.
The Company is not responsible for ensuring clients' privacy in
third parties' websites, even in cases where the client has
accessed third-party websites by using links provided on the
Platform. The Company recommends that you familiarize yourself
with the privacy policies of third-party websites" beforehand.