Dictionary for Scrabble
Privacy Policy
Data Collection
Users Affected
Google's AdMob Software Development Kit (SDK) is used by Dictionary for Scrabble and will collect information on users except for:
Information about users in the European Economic Area who are protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and do not opt in to data collection
Certain information about users in California covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
The above users will be served non-personalised ads.
Types of information collected
During app use, the following information about affected users is collected:
User IP Address, from which a coarse location may be obtained
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the Google AdMob SDK. 
                    Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy 
                    usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of
                    existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used 
                    for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded 
                        device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising 
                        and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power 
                        analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, 
                        like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
Purpose of data collection
The information is used
to improve the app.
to deliver personalised ads.
Data Storage
Dictionary for Scrabble does not collect nor store any data itself, this is performed by Google. 
                While Google makes efforts to prevent unauthorised access, no system is completely secure.
Information sharing
Google does not sell personal information. The de-identified information collected, 
                except where restricted by GDPR or CCPA, is shared with advertising partners.
Contact
Questions about this privacy policy may be emailed to support@burren.com.au
Updates to this Policy
Users will be notified of updates to this policy in the app.
Changelog
Date
Changes
2023-11-16
Transfer to Burren Pty Ltd. Change support email address.
2023-08-24
Instead of not collecting data on any users in the GDPR, these users may opt in to data collection.
Old: Google's AdMob SDK is used by Dictionary for Scrabble and will collect information on users except for:
Information about users in the European Economic Area who are protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
New: Google's AdMob Software Development Kit (SDK) is used by Dictionary for Scrabble and will collect information on users except for:
Information about users in the European Economic Area who are protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
                        and do not opt in to data collection
2021-03-10
Initial Version