About us
Training Courses
Coaching
Resources
Blog
Contact
My Bookings
View Courses
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Monday 22th March 2021
Who are we?
Agilify offers training, consultancy and coaching for individuals, teams and organisations to help understand and embrace an agile approach to product delivery.
Agilify Ltd is a registered company with registered office address at 21 Mulligan Drive, The Rydons, Exeter, England, EX2 7SJ.
When this privacy policy uses term ‘Agilify’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website. The term ‘users’, ‘you’ or ‘your’ refers to anyone using our services.
If you have any questions or concerns at any time, please do not hesitate to contact us at the address above of by contacting us at
policy@agilify.co.uk
.
What is this privacy policy for?
This privacy policy is for the website
agilify.co.uk
and served by Agilify Ltd. It governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. The policy sets forth the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy. Please read this privacy policy as it includes important information regarding your personal data and other information.
“non-personal data” as used in this privacy policy is therefore any information that does not relate to a person and/or cannot be used to identify a person. When you interact with the services, we may collect non-personal data. The limitations and requirements in this privacy policy on our collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage/retention of personal data do not apply to non-personal data.
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we’re relying on to process any personal data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your personal data for the purposes set out in the sections below will typically be because:
you provided your consent;
• it is necessary for our contractual relationship; and/or
• the processing is necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations;
Website…
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies with all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Collection of personal information from site visitors…
Except as specifically set forth herein, Agilify may collect or track (1) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with Agilify via e-mail, and (2) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, contact forms, surveys, e-mail, and other online avenues (including, without limitation, demographic and personal profile data).
Information you provide to us: For all users we collect personal data when you voluntarily provide such information to the services, such as when you register for access to the services, contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys or browse or use certain parts of the services. The personal data we may collect includes without limitation your name, address, email address and other information that enables users to be personally identified.
Information we automatically collect: We also automatically collect certain technical data that is sent to us from the computer, mobile device and/or browser through which you access the services (“automatic data”). Automatic data, includes without limitation, a unique identifier associated with your access device and/or browser (including, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address) characteristics about your access device and/or browser, statistics on your activities on the services, information about how you came to the services and data collected through cookies, pixel tags, local shared objects, web storage and other similar technologies. You can find out more information about how we use cookies and other similar tracking technologies in our cookie statement.
When you register for the services or otherwise submit personal data to us, we may associate other non-personal data (including non-personal data we collect from third parties) with your personal data. At such instance, we will treat any such combined data as your personal data until such time as it can no longer be associated with you or used to identify you.
The use of personal data collected…
We collect and use the personal data we collect in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy. We may use the personal data as follows:
If you provide personal data for a certain purpose, we may use the personal data in connection with the purpose for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the personal data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem and will respond to the email address from which the contact came.
Disclosure of personal data to third parties…
Agilify will not sell, rent, or lease any individually identifiable information to others without your permission. We may disclose your personal data if required to do so by law in order to (for example) respond to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, a court or a government agency (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a legal obligation, (b) protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of third parties, (c) prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the services, (d) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the services or the public, or (e) protect against legal liability.
Security measures and communications with Agilify…
Agilify has implemented security features that are designed to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorised release of or access to personal information provided to us. However, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Agilify via this site or e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. In addition, you understand that the technical processing and transmission of the site content may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Accordingly, Agilify is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. Instead of communicating with Agilify via e-mail (sabrina@agilify.co.uk) or the Internet, visitors can contact Agilify by regular mail at Woodcote, Holt Road Bradford on avon, Wiltshire BA15 1TR.
How you can access, update, correct or delete your personal data…
Data protection law provides you with rights in respect of personal data that we hold about you, including the right to request a copy of the personal data, request that we rectify, restrict or delete your personal data, object to profiling and unsubscribe from marketing communications.
You can request access to some of your personal data being stored by us. You can also ask us to correct, update or delete any inaccurate personal data that we process about them.
You can exercise these rights by contacting us directly by email policy@agilify.co.uk or at the address specified above.
If your personal information has been passed on to a third party (such as the Scrum Alliance for registration with them) then the user will need to contact them directly to make any changes.
We will consider and respond to all requests in accordance with applicable law.
How long we retain your personal data..
We may retain your personal data as long as you are using our services. However, we may retain personal data for an additional period as is permitted or required under applicable laws. Even if we delete your personal data it may persist on backup or archival media for an additional period of time for legal, tax or regulatory reasons or for legitimate and lawful business purposes.
Links to other sites…
This privacy policy applied only to the services provided by Agilify. The services may contain links to other websites not controlled by us (such as an event and ticketing system called “Eventbrite”). The policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to the third party websites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites).
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Children’s online privacy protection act…
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under the age of thirteen (13), please do not submit any personal data through the services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children never to provide personal data through the services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us through the services, please contact us and we will endeavour to delete that information from our databases.
Changes to this privacy policy…
This policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales, and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
The services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this privacy policy. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to update or modify this privacy policy at any time (collectively, “modifications”). Modifications to this privacy policy will be posted to the site with a change to the “updated” date at the top of this privacy policy.
In certain circumstances, Eventbrite may, but need not, provide you with additional notice of such modifications, such as via email or with in-service notifications. Modifications will be effective thirty (30) days following the “Updated” date. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this policy so that you are aware of any changes to it.
Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any personal data. This privacy policy was updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the services following the effectiveness of any modifications to this privacy policy constitutes acceptance of those modifications. If any modification to this privacy policy is not acceptable to you, you should cease accessing, browsing and otherwise using the services.
Get Certified!
We provide regular certified scrum training courses in Bristol, Cardiff and across the South West.
View our upcoming courses
Agilify offers training, consultancy and coaching for individuals, teams and organisations to help understand and embrace an agile approach to product delivery.
Certified Scrum Master
Certified Scrum Product Owner
Certified Agile Facilitator
Agile Coaching Certification
Advanced Certified Scrum Master
Advanced Certified Scrum Product Owner
Certified Scrum Professional - Scrum Master
Agile Fundamentals
Improv-ing Agile Teams
The Retrospective Lexicon Experience
About us
Training Courses
Coaching
Resources
Blog
Contact
My Bookings
View Courses
Sign up for the newsletter
Be the first to know about upcoming courses, discounts & new products.
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from Agilify:
Email
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing.
Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Notifications
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mailchimp.com/legal/:
___
Skip to main content
Try Mailchimp with a 14-day trial.
Start for free today.
Legal
Thanks for taking the time to learn about Mailchimp's legal policies. It's important stuff. This is where you'll find information about how we protect your privacy, what you can and can't do with Mailchimp, and how we handle user accounts.
Standard Terms of Use
The main agreement you're making in order to use Mailchimp
Additional Terms
Some Mailchimp products are subject to additional usage terms and restrictions
Acceptable Use
A set of rules about the types of content you can create or distribute through Mailchimp
Global Privacy Statement
What we do (and don't do!) with the information you give us
API Use Policy
Rules for developers who use our API
Copyright and Trademark Policy
What to do if you think a Mailchimp user infringed your IP rights
Cookie Statement
How we use cookies and similar technologies
Data Processing Addendum
Our agreement that governs data processing activities for personal data
Service of Process
Our guidelines for Service of Process
Mailchimp & Co.
Our agreement that governs participation in Mailchimp & Co.
Mailchimp uses cookies for our website to function properly; some are optional and help deliver a personalized and enhanced experience. By clicking “Dismiss”, you consent to store cookies on your device in accordance with our cookie statement. We may collect anonymized data from your browser independent of your cookie preferences. Preferences can be updated at any time.
Cookie Statement.
Reject all
Dismiss
Cookie settings
Mailchimp Sites may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our Mailchimp Sites, to understand how you interact with us, to enrich and personalize your user experience, to enable social media functionality and to customize your relationship with Mailchimp, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change your cookie preferences at any time. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our Mailchimp Sites and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
View Cookies‎
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the functionality and performance of the site. They help us to customize the site and application for you in order to enhance your experience. While these cookies are not needed for a basic website experience, certain functionalities such as personalization and video would become unavailable.
View Cookies‎
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
View Cookies‎
Analytics and Customization Cookies
These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
View Cookies‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label