Privacy Policy
The following uses "this application" to refer to DebugAnywhere App and related services.
    
        1. Data storage
        
        This application focuses on personal data privacy. Currently (2021-03-03) collects information (such as IP address, device model, etc.) used in debugging, but these data are not uploaded to the server, only displayed on this application, and Only save in the local storage of this app. You can delete this application or reset this application, the debugging data obtained will be deleted.
        
        When you use this application to generate data, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service usage agreement.
        
        2. Data collection
        
        In order to ensure the stability of this application, this application uses some third-party services, such as async-storage to do some lightweight data storage. These services will only collect user error data (cause of crash) and necessary device information (device Model, operating system version number). Use firebase analytics service to collect user behavior data to facilitate more in-depth optimization and demand analysis of APP functions, but does not involve data generated by users themselves.
        
        3. Legal terms
        
        Since this application is released globally, you must comply with the laws and regulations of your country. In particular, in China, in order to maintain online public order and social stability, please consciously abide by the following terms:
        
        1. You must not use this application to endanger national security, reveal state secrets, or infringe the lawful rights and interests of the country's social collectives and citizens, and you must not use this application to make, copy, and disseminate the following information:
        (1) Inciting resistance or undermining the implementation of the Constitution, laws and administrative regulations;
        (2) Inciting to subvert state power and overthrow the socialist system;
        (3) Inciting to split the country and undermining national unity;
        (4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining ethnic unity;
        (5) Fabricating or distorting facts, spreading rumors, disturbing social order;
        (6) Propagating feudal superstition, obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, abetting crime; 　
        (7) Openly insulting others or fabricating facts to slander others, or carrying out other malicious attacks;
        (8) Damage to the credibility of state organs;
        (9) Other violations of the Constitution and laws and administrative regulations;
        
        2. It is forbidden to conduct various sabotage behaviors on this site in any way.
        3. It is forbidden to imitate or copy this application in any form and cause damage to the intellectual property rights of this application.