Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
July 26, 2024
Introduction
This Privacy Notice (“
Privacy Notice
”) describes the privacy practices of Big Health Inc. and Big Health Ltd, and their respective representatives, and its affiliates (collectively, “
Big Health
”, “
we
,” “
us
”, “
our
”). Capitalized terms (and variations or equivalents thereof) not defined herein have the meanings set out in relevant Privacy Laws (as defined below). Individually, Big Health Inc. and Big Health Ltd act as Data Controllers, and together, we act as joint Data Controllers. This Privacy Notice covers how Big Health collects, receives, uses, retains, and discloses Personal Data (as defined in the GDPR, defined below), and explains the rights and choices available to individuals with respect to their Personal Data. The scope of this policy applies to Personal Data collected via our website at
www.bighealth.com
,
www.sleepio.com
,
www.trydaylight.com
and all associated  subdomains (collectively, the “
Sites
”), our comprehensive mental health platform page (
navigator.bighealth.com
), our digital therapeutics and programs designed to improve outcomes (“
Apps
”), sessions within the applications, events, the related analytics collection, data collection, storage, analysis and reporting tools, and any other online or offline offering of ours that posts this Policy (collectively, the “
Services
”).
Through our provision of Services, we may have access to Personally Identifiable Information and Protected Health Information (“
PHI
”), Personal Data, Special Category Data (and variations thereof) that is subject to specific protections under applicable laws (collectively “
Protected Information
”). We will retain  Protected Information in accordance with the requirements of any and all applicable data protection and privacy laws in force from time to time (presently or in the future) in any relevant jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, (i) EU Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (“
GDPR
”), (iii) the Data Protection Act 2018, (iv) the Data Protection (Charges and Information) Regulations 2018, (v) the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, (vi) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 Public Law 104-191, and its related regulations and amendments from time to time (“
HIPAA
”), (vii) the CCPA, (viii) the CPRA, (ix) the
VCDPA
, (x) the
CTDPA
, (xi) the
UCPA
, (xii) the
CPA
, and/or (xiii) the
NPL
(individually and/or collectively, “
Privacy Laws
”).
By using the Services, and/or by providing Protected Information to Big Health or its authorized distributors you accept and hereby expressly consent to our collection, use, retention, and disclosure of your Protected Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
If you are using the Service on behalf of an individual other than yourself, you represent that you are authorized by such an individual to act on such an individual's behalf and that such individual acknowledges the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Notice.
Protected Information
When you set up a Big Health account, you are creating a relationship with Big Health that enables you to access and/or utilize the various functions of our Services and does not imply you are a user of our services. As part of that relationship, information related to your name, email address, mailing address, phone number that is not a subset of health information is not consider to be Protected Information.
Big Health is not a “covered entity” under
HIPAA
. Depending on the source of the Protected Information, we may be considered a Business Associate under HIPAA. It is important to note that HIPAA does not necessarily apply to an entity or person simply because there is health information involved, and HIPAA may not apply to your transactions or communications with Big Health. To the extent Big Health is deemed a Business Associate, and solely in its role as such, Big Health is subject to certain provisions of HIPAA with respect to
PHI
. Despite anything to the contrary herein, any information that does not constitute Protected Information under Privacy Laws may be used or disclosed in any manner permitted under this Privacy Notice. Protected Information does not include information that has been de-identified in accordance with Privacy Laws.
Section 1: Personal Data We Collect
The Personal Data we collect depends on how you interact with us or use our Services and the requirements of applicable law. We collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, information from other sources such as your employer, and third-party services and organizations, as described below.
App Users
Registration.
In order to establish an account and for you to be able to register for and use the Service, we may collect information from you including, but not limited to, your name, postal address, location, email address, phone number, username, password, demographic information (such as your gender and date of birth, as well as race, ethnicity, religious affiliations, sexual orientation), salary information, employer and other employment related information, insurance information, information about your mood, mental or physical health, or emotional state, information related to your sleep habits and any other information you directly give us through the Services.
Using Big Health Services.
Depending on the Services you use, you may be asked to complete additional forms (e.g. intake form, initial assessment, consent) which may ask for additional information, including, information about your current or historical health or mental health and treatment, and other information about your lifestyle.
Communicating with Us.
If you communicate with us by email, phone, chat, text or within our app, we will collect personal information from you, such as your name, contact information, and information you provide within your communication to us. Calls to Big Health may be recorded.
Care Navigator.
The Services contain asynchronous messaging functionality (e.g., chat) that provides you with information to help you navigate our Services (“
Care Navigator
”). The content and information contained on and provided through Care Navigator is provided on an “AS IS” basis and may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. We make no representations about suitability, accuracy, completeness, reliability or timeliness of information, content or services. If you are dissatisfied with information Care Navigator provides, please advise us immediately. We are not responsible or liable for any direct, indirect, equitable, consequential, special or monetary damages resulting from your use of Care Navigator. The use of this information is at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that Care Navigator will always be available. Be courteous. Care Navigator is there to help you. However, we follow strict anti-harassment and anti-discrimination policies and will not tolerate inappropriate behavior. Your access will be immediately terminated, in our sole and absolute discretion, if you harass, discriminate, threaten, or otherwise engage in any inappropriate behavior during any communication with Care Navigator. Subject to applicable law, such behavior may be reported to authorities and/or your employer and you expressly agree to such disclosure.
Surveys and Testimonials.
We may periodically send you optional surveys to collect your feedback on your experience with Big Health. Understanding outcomes is central to our mission of helping millions back to good mental health and data can help inform Big Health’s approach to treatment and assessment of progress. We may also use collected feedback in our materials to educate others on the benefits of our products but will always get your permission to do so first.
Information We Get from Your Employer.
We may receive information from your employer to enable us to confirm your eligibility or the eligibility of your dependents or household member(s), contact you in order to inform you of the availability of the Services, help us measure the effectiveness of the Services, or better support communications with your or other individuals as permitted by law.
Information We Get from the NHS (when applicable).
Please note that if you access our Services using your National Health Service (“
NHS
”) login details, the identity verification services are managed by NHS England. NHS England is the controller for any personal information you provided to NHS England to get an NHS login account and verify your identity and uses that personal information solely for that single purpose. For this personal information, our role is a “processor” only and we must act under the instructions provided by NHS England (as the “controller”) when verifying your identity. NHS login’s Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions are found here:
https://access.login.nhs.uk/terms-and-conditions
. This restriction does not apply to the personal information you provide to us separately.
Site Users
Information We Get from Interactive Features.
We may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., Care Navigator, commenting functionalities via a supportive online community of other people on the course and course graduates (the “
Sleepio Community
”), information request forms for our Services and social media pages). Any personal information you elect to make publicly available on our Services, such as posting comments on our social media pages, will be available to others. Any information you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered “public”, unless otherwise required by Privacy Laws, and is not subject to all of the privacy protections referenced herein.
Information We Get from Others.
We may get information about you from other sources, such as your employer, benefits providers, or third-party care providers. We may combine the information that we collect with data obtained from third parties or through our products and Services. Your use of services on third-party platforms are governed by the privacy statement and other terms of use for that third-party platform, until such information is disclosed to us, and then such information is also subject to this Privacy Notice. Please note that you should obtain necessary consents before providing us with personal information regarding another individual.
Voice and Video Information.
If you consent, we may collect your voice and video image for ongoing quality improvement and quality assurance of our Services as well as for testimonials for promotional materials, as noted above under “Surveys and Testimonials.” The consent form you are provided before agreeing to provide voice and video to us will provide additional information on how voice and video data is collected, used and retained.
Information Automatically Collected.
We automatically log information about you and your computer, phone, tablet or other devices you use to access the Services. Examples include:
Identifiers and device information
. When you visit our websites, our web servers automatically log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about your device, including device identifiers (such as MAC address); device type; and your device’s operating system, browser, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration. As further described in the “Cookies” section below, our websites and online services store and retrieve cookie identifiers, mobile IDs, and other data.
Geolocation data
. Depending on your device and app settings, we collect geolocation data when you use our Apps or online services.
Usage data
. We automatically log your activity on our websites, Apps, and connected products, including the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, and other details about your use of and actions on our website. In some instances, such usage data may be sensitive personal information if it relates to your browsing activity on health-related pages on the Service. For example, we may log the fact that you visited a page that relates to a specific product or treatment available through our site. For more information, refer to the “Cookies” section below.
Cookies.
We, our Service Providers, and our Third Party Business Partners, may also collect certain information about the use of our websites and mobile applications by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and other technologies (“Technologies”). This information is collected to make the Services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs. In jurisdictions where Automated Information is considered personal information, or if we associate Automated Information with personal information, we will treat Automated Information as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Web browsers may offer users of our websites the ability to disable receiving certain types of cookies; however, if cookies are disabled, some features or functionality of our websites may not function correctly. The “help” menu on most internet browsers contains information on how to disable cookies, or you can visit
www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies
.  If you are a resident of California, you may have additional choices as described below.
Analytics.
We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on the Services. Some of our analytics partners include:
Google Analytics
. For more information, please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here
.
Heap
. For more information about Heap, please visit Heap’s Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Social Media.
We may process publicly available information about our company, products and services from posts on social media channels and use that information to better understand our products and services.
Information about Vendors and Suppliers.
We have relationships with different vendors and suppliers. Some vendors and suppliers are natural persons (such as self-employed persons). We also may collect Personal Data about representatives and contact persons of our vendors and suppliers who are legal entities.
Information about Attendees of Conferences, Meetings, Webinars, and Events.
We process Personal Data you provide to us through a sign-up sheet, badge scan, use of our webinar platforms, or other method of collection offered by us as part of our marketing, education and outreach efforts at conferences, meetings, webinars, and events, or as part of our interactions with you. Additionally, we may ask your permission to take photographs, video recordings, audio recordings, or other recorded media of you while participating at a conference, meeting, webinar, or event. Where requested by you, we may use your Personal Data to send you information related to our products, services, educational offerings, or the hosting of or attendance at a future conference, meeting, webinar, or event. We may also process your Personal Data to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
Section 2: Uses of Personal Information
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us. Below are the purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide and secure the Services and personalize your experience.
We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to:
Help establish and verify the identity and eligibility of users;
Open, maintain, administer, and manage profiles and accounts for registered users;
Provide search results and notifications that are most relevant for you;
Recommend Services and treatment that may be a good fit for you;
Provide you with customized products, Services, content, offers, or materials;
Evaluate progress against your self-defined goals;
To inform your Employer or Benefit Sponsor, if you have one, about your registration and other information as described below;
Provide, deliver, operate and maintain the Services and other products and services that you request, including those from our selected partners;
Link or combine user information with other personal information, such as when you use services offered by our contracted providers of clinical services;
Respond to comments and questions and provide customer service or technical support;
Allow you to register for events;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Ensure internal quality control and safety;
Debug or identify and repair errors with the Services;
Audit interactions, transactions and other compliance activities; and
Communicate with you about your account, including confirmations, notices, notifications, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages. If you are communicating with Big Health about your care, these communications may contain medical information.
Understand and improve our services
.
Measure and understand engagement with the services;
Research and develop products, Services, marketing, or internal processes;
Improve, repair, upgrade, or enhance the Services; and
To analyze traffic and user behavior or activity to and through Service.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights, such as to:
Operate our business, such as billing, processing your payments, accounting, administering your account, improving our internal operations, securing our systems;
Protect or enforce Big Health’s rights and properties.
Enforce our agreements and policies;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Ensure internal quality control and safety;
Protect your safety or vital interests, or the safety or vital interests of others; and
Comply with our legal obligations.
Advertising and Personalization:
We use information about how you have interacted with our Services to target and serve personalized online ads to you.
To maintain and improve the quality of our Services, including to perform research and development, understand user trends, and, in a limited way, understand the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising such as recording a sales conversion;
To provide you with information about new Products and Services, promotions, and other opportunities that we believe may be of interest to you, whether offered by us or third-party partners, and to personalize, measure, and improve such offers;
To personalize the advertisements you receive about our Services through third-party platforms, on other websites and Apps.
With your consent:
We may use information about you in other ways or for other purposes, where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above.
De-identified and Aggregated Information:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information that we collect, such that the information no longer identifies any specific individual and therefore is no longer considered personal information. We may use, disclose and otherwise process such information for our own legitimate business purposes – including historical and statistical analysis and business planning – without restriction. In some cases, we use aggregated, de-identified clinical data to provide our customers with insight into how their employees are using our Services.
Other Uses of Personal Data.
In some situations, we may have a separate agreement or relationship with you with respect to a specific type of processing of your Personal Data, such as if you participate in a special program, webinar, activity or event. These situations will be governed by specific terms, privacy notices, or consent forms that provide additional information about how we will use your information. We will honor these additional terms with respect to your information and thus, strongly recommend you review the additional terms prior to participating in any programs.
Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to a number of legal requirements. As a result, we may be required to process Personal Data, including sensitive Personal Data (such as health and medical information), in order to meet these obligations. We will process your Personal Data in accordance with our legal obligations and in a way that protects your privacy to the extent possible, for example, pseudonymizing information, while still complying with our legal obligations.
Section 3: Disclosures of Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Clinical Partners.
We may provide certain personal information to hospitals, clinics, practices, researchers, universities or other medical groups or health care systems that have contracted with Big Health to permit use of the Services.
Your Benefit Sponsor or Employer.
In limited cases, we may provide certain personal information to your Benefit Sponsor, this may include your name, email address, your registration date, and the date on which you last used our Service and may include additional personal information depending on our agreement with your Benefit Sponsor. Generally, we restrict this sharing to not include specific details of your in-app activity or any details about your use of Services. This restriction may not apply where sharing some of your activity is necessary for your treatment, payment, or healthcare operations such as if your Benefit Sponsor is your other healthcare provider, health insurance provider, or health plan.
Affiliates.
Note that sometimes we receive information from and share information among the Big Health Inc. and Big Health Ltd, and vice versa.
Third Party Business Partners.
In limited cases, we may provide certain Personal Data to third party businesses with which we have a joint promotional relationship, bundled subscription offer, or other trusted partnership. This type of sharing will most often be consistent with your notice, consent, direction, and/or reasonable expectations considering the circumstances in which you provided the personal information.
Service Providers.
We disclose your Personal Data to our third-party service providers, such as IT and related services, payment processors, customer service providers, and other vendors that support our provision of the Services. These service providers will be subject to contractual obligations to implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to safeguard the Personal Data, and to process the Personal Data only as instructed.
Your Integrations.
You may connect your account through supported integrations with third parties and we may share your personal information with those third parties. If you do connect an integration, that third party’s terms and privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data shared as a result and we encourage you to review those before setting up the integration. For example, if you are on iOS, you may connect our Services to Apple’s Health Kit. If you do, iOS Privacy Policy and Terms of Use apply, and can be reviewed at
www.apple.com/legal/privacy
.
Research.
Big Health conducts or participates in research studies with select universities. You may be offered the opportunity to participate in these studies. If your Protected Information will be disclosed as part of these studies, your information will only be included with your written authorization. You will be asked to review and accept terms and enrollment separately from the information included in this Policy Notice. Information from these studies may be published by third parties including through various media platforms/academic journals. If the study is not sponsored by Big Health, you should contact the principal investigator and/or sponsor institution to view their informed consents and/or any other trial documents that may pertain to you.
Sleepio Community.
Most of the Sleepio Community isn’t shared publicly and is only visible to other logged-in members. However, there is a subset of ‘General chat’ discussions which may appear in public searches. The profile messages appearing on the Community homepage at any one time may also be visible to non-members. While we’ve taken care to anonymize your username in such cases, we’re not able to change the content of your comment or message. For this reason, we recommend that you exclude identifying information if you would like to remain anonymous while using the Community. You may want to choose a username that is unique to your Sleepio account and which wouldn’t identify you in any context.
We follow strict anti-harassment and anti-discrimination policies and will not tolerate inappropriate behavior. Your access will be immediately terminated, in our sole and absolute discretion, if you harass, discriminate, threaten, or otherwise engage in any inappropriate behavior in the Sleepio Community. Subject to applicable law, such behavior may be reported to authorities and/or your employer and you expressly agree to such disclosure.
De-Identified and Aggregated Information.
We may use both Protected Information and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, location information, information about the device from which you access the Services, or other data sets we may create. In some cases, we use aggregated, de-identified clinical data to provide our customers with insight into how their employees are using our Services.
Advertising Partners.
We may disclose your Personal Data to third-party advertising partners. These third-party advertising partners may include Technologies and other tracking tools on our corporate website (
bighealth.com
) to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.”
Disclosures to Protect Us and Others.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceeding, similar legal process, or in order to enforce our agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Big Health, our customers, or others (including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks). We may also disclose personal information where we believe that doing so would be in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
Financial Services and Payment Processing.
When you provide payment data, for example to make a purchase, we will disclose payment and transactional data to banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, analytics, or other related financial services.
What Happens in the Event of a Change of Control.
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer our company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. We may also sell, assign, or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of Big Health. Your information such as names and email addresses, and other information related to the Services may be among the items transferred in these types of transactions.
Section 4: Security of Personal Data and International Transfers
We may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. For example, we typically transfer your Personal Data to the United States, where Big Health is headquartered, and the United Kingdom, where Big Health Ltd - Big Health Inc.’s parent entity - is located.  The countries to which we transfer Personal Data may not have the same Privacy Laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer Personal Data across borders, we consider a variety of requirements that may apply to such transfers.
Specifically, we may transfer Personal Data from the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom or Switzerland to:
countries that the European Commission, or other applicable governmental authority, has deemed to adequately safeguard Personal Data; or
third countries where the European Commission, or other applicable governmental authority, has not issued an adequacy decision,
pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with applicable Standard Contractual Clauses, Binding Corporate Rules or any other data transfer mechanism recognized as legally valid by the European Commission, or other applicable governmental authority
pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the Personal Data pertains, or
as otherwise permitted by Privacy Laws or other applicable law, for example, where the transfer is necessary for important reasons of public interest (such as adverse event reporting).
We are committed to protecting your privacy and data. We have taken steps to implement safeguards and security measures to help prevent your Personal Data from being lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its security. However, we do use firewalls, data encryption at rest and in transit to protect your Personal Data.
Any text, email or other transmission you send unencrypted through the internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception. In particular, be aware that personal email may not be secure. You are not required to authorize the use of your personal email for purposes of communicating with Big Health and a decision not to consent or to opt out of receiving these emails will not restrict your ability to access care from Big Health.
Section 5: Data Retention
We will retain Personal Data for as long as necessary to provide our services, but in no case later than six (6) years following termination of your participation with our Services or withdrawal of your consent. We will retain and use Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Section 6: Data Protection Preferences and Rights
Section 6a: Data Protection Preferences and Rights for the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK)
If you are located in the
European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK),
in certain circumstances, you have the right to exercise certain privacy rights available to you under Privacy Laws. We will process your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You have the rights and choices described below regarding Big Health’s processing of your Personal Data. We have appointed a data protection officer (“
DPO
”) as a point of contact for exercising these rights. Please see the “How to Contact Us” section below for the DPO’s contact information.
Please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process Personal Data, we may not be able to provide our products or services to individuals who exercise these rights, or to otherwise engage with such individuals going forward. In addition, your rights and choices may be limited in certain cases; for example, if you ask to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.
We reserve the right to verify the identity of any individual making a request regarding Personal Data. This helps ensure that we provide any information requested only to individuals to whom the information pertains and that we allow only those individuals or their authorized representatives to exercise rights with respect to that information.
Your rights include the following:
Access to and correction of your Personal Data.
You may request access to the Personal Data that we maintain about you. If we grant your request, we will provide you with a copy of the Personal Data we maintain about you in the ordinary course of business, in a commonly used format. Additionally, you may request to correct any errors in your Personal Data. We may reject your request to access or correct your information, as permitted by Privacy Laws. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reasons for the rejection.
Deletion of your Personal Data
. You may request that we delete your Personal Data from our records. We may reject your request, as permitted by Privacy Laws. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reasons for the rejection.
Withdrawal of consent.
You may withdraw such consent by following the instructions that were provided to you when you signed the consent. You may unsubscribe from marketing emails using the provided link in each marketing email. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to Big Health’s use or disclosure of your Personal Data will mean that Big Health will not be able to provide products or services to you or to otherwise engage with you.
Objection to our processing of your Personal Data
. To the extent provided by Privacy Laws, you may object at any time on legitimate grounds to our processing of your Personal Data. We may reject your request, as permitted by Privacy Laws. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reasons for the rejection.
Portability of your Personal Data.
In some cases, you may request that we transfer your Personal Data to another data controller. We may reject your request, as permitted by Privacy Laws. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reasons for the rejection.
If you feel Big Health’s processing of your Personal Data violates Privacy Laws, you can also lodge a complaint with the corresponding data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence. You can find the relevant European Economic Area supervisory authority name and contact details under
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
and the United Kingdom’s data protection supervisory authority’s contact details under
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
.
Categories of Personal Data, Purposes of Processing and Source
See Section 1 for categories of Personal Data that Big Health collects, for the purposes Big Health uses your Personal Data and, if applicable, the source from which the Personal Data originated.
Special Category Data
Special categories of Personal Data include Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning health, data concerning an individual’s sex life or sexual orientation, genetic data, and biometric data processed for the purpose of identifying an individual.
If you choose to provide it, we may collect special category data, such as in our onboarding forms and initial assessments, and in your communications to Big Health and our affiliates.
We process this Personal Data solely for the purposes of facilitating your receipt of our mental health services via our technological Services, in accordance with your explicit consent per Article 9(2)(a) GDPR. You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect.
If there is a life-threatening emergency and the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent, we may process Personal Data that falls within these special categories as necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another individual per Art. 9(2)(c) GDPR.
Lawful Bases for Processing
We rely on the following legal bases to process Personal Data of yours that does not fall within special categories, as appropriate:
According to your consent per Article 6(1)(a) GDPR (“
Consent Legal Basis
”)
Necessary for us to perform a contract with you or take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract per Article 6(1)(b) GDPR (“
Contract Performance Legal Basis
”)
Necessary for us to comply with an applicable legal obligation per Article 6(1)(c) GDPR (“
Legal Obligations Legal Basis
”)
Necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person per Article 6(1)(d) GDPR (“
Vital Interests Legal Basis
”), or
Necessary for us to realize a legitimate interest based on an assessment of that interest and your privacy and other fundamental interests per Article 6(1)(f) GDPR (“
Legitimate Interest Legal Basis
”), where the legitimate interests could be in particular:
open, maintain, administer, and manage accounts for registered users and account holders;
ensuring internal quality control and safety;
improving our Services;
managing and conducting our relationships with third parties in a business or professional capacity;
managing and administering our business;
debugging to identify and repair errors with the Services;
enforcing our agreements and policies;
detecting security incidents;
protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity; and
prosecuting those responsible for that activity; ensuring internal quality control and safety; protecting your safety or vital interests, or the safety or vital interests of others.
We rely on the following legal bases to process Personal Data which falls within special categories:
Pursuant to your explicit consent, which is provided by agreeing to this Privacy Notice; and
Necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent
If we rely on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by contacting us at the contact details listed below. For additional details regarding the lawful bases of processing your Personal Data specifically, please contact
privacy@bighealth.com
.
Categories of Recipients
See Section 3 for information on the categories of recipients that Big Health shares your Personal Data with.
Your Choices.
There is no law or contract between you and us stating that individuals in the EEA or UK have to use our Services. We ask you to provide your name, organization, and eligibility information to verify your eligibility to receive certain Services from us, certain essential details about yourself and your lifestyle during onboarding so that we may recommend programs to you. We cannot provide you with a recommendation or access to our programs if you do not provide such information. You do not have to provide Personal Data that is not shown as required to receive our Services (as indicated within the forms); the only consequence of not providing this Personal Data is that it will not be taken into consideration when we recommend programs to you and when you receive such services. You do not have to consent to our use of Personal Data for advertising purposes. If you do not allow us to collect the data we automatically collect from users of our Services, some of our Services may not work properly or be as tailored to you as they could otherwise be, but they will still generally be usable.
To the extent that you have given consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by contacting us as described below. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the withdrawal of consent.
Data Retention.
See Section 5 for Big Health’s Data Retention practices.
Section 6b:
Data Protection Preferences and Rights for Residents of the United States
If you are located in the
US
, you have a number of privacy choices you can make regarding your personal information depending on the state you reside in, especially in states that have passed specific Privacy Laws such as:
California, Washington, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, and Nevada
, in certain circumstances, you have the right to exercise certain privacy rights available to you under Privacy Laws. We will process your request in accordance with Privacy Laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CPRA
”), Virginia Consumer Data Privacy Act (“
VCDPA
”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“
CTDPA
”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“
UCPA
”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”), and the Nevada Privacy Law (“
NPL
”).
If you do not see your jurisdiction above, please do not interpret that to mean that we do not respect your privacy. We encourage you to contact us using the contact details below with your questions or concerns.
Email Communications.
Where legally permissible, we may send you information about Big Health products and services via email. You may unsubscribe from receiving marketing or other commercial emails from Big Health by clicking the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. However, even if you opt out of receiving such communications, we retain the right to send you non-marketing or transactional communications regarding products or Services you have requested (such as crisis escalation emails) in addition to communications regarding us and the Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our applicable Terms and Conditions of Use or this Privacy Notice).
Text Messages.
You may opt out of receiving text messages from us at any time by following the instructions in the text message/replying “STOP” to a text message you have received from us or by contacting us at
privacy@bighealth.com
.
Mobile Devices.
We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Do Not Track
.
Some browsers include a “Do Not Track” (DNT) setting that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Unlike the Global Privacy Control, there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal; therefore, our websites do not respond to DNT signals. For more details about DNT, including how to enable or disable this preference, visit
https://termsfeed/com/do-not-track
.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising.
You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your browser or devices preferences, as they permit. However, if you adjust your preferences, the Services may not work properly or certain features may not be available. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs may not be effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android
,
iOS
and
others
.
If you wish to opt out of targeted advertising, you may do so
here
(
bighealth.com
).
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
,
the Digital Advertising Alliance
, and
the European Digital Advertising Alliance
. Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Collection of personal information.
Big Health may collect the personal information described in Section 1 and as categorized in the table below. Please note that some of this personal information will be considered sensitive under your state’s legal definition which varies across different states. The personal information we may collect depending on how you use our Services includes mental or physical health information, racial or ethnic origin, and information about sexual orientation or gender identity.
Use of personal information.
Big Health may collect, use, or disclose personal information about US state residents for purposes listed in Section 2 of our Privacy Notice. We use sensitive personal information for the same purposes except for personalizing ads.
Disclosure of personal information.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of service providers and third parties identified in Section 3 of this Privacy Notice, and in ways that are described in that section.
Your Privacy Rights
We generally provide the privacy rights described below to you regardless of your location. Your state may afford you additional privacy rights as noted below. To exercise your rights, see the contact information in Section 10 or visit our Privacy Hub. We will respond to your verifiable request within the time limit afforded under Privacy Laws. Exceptions may still apply as described in this section.
Right to Access Personal Information.
You have the right to know what personal information we collect about you and how we use it. This Privacy Notice serves to inform you about that collection and use. If we have personal information about you, you may also request a copy of that information.
Right to Request Correction.
You have the right to request the correction of your inaccurate personal information. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information.
Right to Request Deletion
of your personal information, subject to a number of exceptions.
Right to Request Restriction of or Object
to our processing of your personal information; and
Withdraw your Consent
to our processing of your personal information where you have previously provided us consent to process the Personal Data. In some instances, withdrawing your consent to Big Health’s use or disclosure of your Personal Data will mean that Big Health will not be able to provide products or services to you or otherwise engage with you.
Right to Know.
You have a right to request that we disclose the following information to you the personal information we have collected about you. You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such personal information.
Note
that we have provided much of this information in this Privacy Notice.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information;
The categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed for a business purpose; and
The categories of personal information we have sold or shared about you (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold or shared; and
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling or sharing personal information about you.
Category of Personal Data Collected by Big Health
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Category of Third Parties Information is Shared With
Identifiers
Name, alias, mailing address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email (personal and/or work), account name, telephone number, password, account credentials, National Provider Identifier (NPI), driver’s license / government ID number (if provided for identity verification), or other similar identifiers
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statue (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, address, telephone number, employment, employment history, medical information.
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Geolocation data
Approximate location based on information like IP address
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Audio recordings, voicemails, photographs
·   Data storage providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   N/A
Professional or employment-related information
Employer, job title or role, work contact information
·  N/A
·   N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
·   Data storage providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Data storage providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information “Sales” or “Sharing”
. Big Health does not “sell” or “share” personal information for money under the CCPA’s broad definitions, but Big Health may “sell” or “share” personal information through the use of advertising and analytics-related cookies and pixels on our corporate website. We use these cookies and pixels for the sole purposes of analytics and for providing targeted behavioral advertising based on your interest in Big Health. You may adjust your cookie preferences on your device or remove them by adjusting your browser or devices preferences, as they permit, and you may use this Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information form
here
(
bighealth.com
) to request that we do not collect or use your personal information for behavioral advertising. Big Health does not otherwise, in any way, “sell” or “share” your personal information.  We also do not have actual knowledge of any “sale” or “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
You have a right to limit our use of sensitive personal information for any purposes other than to provide the services or goods you request or as otherwise permitted by law.
To opt-out from such additional purposes, please visit
“Your Privacy Choices”
(
bighealth.com
) on the bottom of our webpage or use the
Global Privacy Control
(
globalprivacycontrol.org
) described below.
The Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights set out in the CCPA.
Right to Appeal.
You can request to exercise such rights or appeal a denied request by contacting us at
privacy@bighealth.com
. If your appeal is denied, you may be able to appeal any decision we have made about your request by contacting your state’s regulators for further assistance.
Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
.
The CCPA defines “sell,” “share,” and “personal information” very broadly, and some of our data sharing described in this Privacy Notice may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under those definitions. In particular, we let advertising and analytics providers collect identifiers (IP addresses, cookie IDs, and mobile IDs), activity data (browsing, clicks, app usage, non-product identifying transaction data), device data, and geolocation data through our sites and Apps when you use our online services, but do not “sell” or “share” any other types of personal information. If you do not wish for us or our partners to “sell” or “share” personal information relating to your visits to our sites for advertising purposes, you can make your request by visiting our
Privacy Center
(
privacy.bighealth.com
) or using a Global Privacy Control. If you opt-out using these choices, we will not share or make available such personal information in ways that are considered a “sale” or “sharing” under the CCPA. However, we will continue to make available to our partners (acting as our service providers) some personal information to help us perform advertising-related functions. Further, using these choices will not opt you out of the use of previously “sold” or “shared” personal information or stop all interest-based advertising.
We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
NOTE:
Nevada provides its residents a limited right to opt out of the sale of personal information. Please know that we do not trigger this requirement because we do not sell your personal information for payment.
NOTE:
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah have the right to opt out of targeted advertising and sales. If you are a resident of these states, you may opt out by going to
privacy.bighealth.com
.
Global Privacy Control.
Big Health supports the Global Privacy Control which is a browser-based setting that communicates your preferences to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information for online services that you visit. Please visit the Global Privacy Control website to learn more about the setting and how to enable it.
The Global Privacy Control and many of the other choices you have that are described in this Privacy Notice will apply only to the specific browser you use when you opt-out. You will need to opt-out separately on all your browsers. In addition, if you delete cookies, change browsers, or use a different device, you may need to opt out again. Please check your device settings and mobile app permissions for additional information on how to opt out.
Agent Requests.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Verification.
Further, to provide, correct, or delete specific pieces of personal information we will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your account.
California’s “Shine the Light” Law.
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“
California Customers
”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing
privacy@bighealth.com
. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address.
For users in
Colorado, Connecticut
and
Virginia
, you may opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. While you may still make this request, Big Health does not currently use profiling in this manner.
Consumer Health Data:
With respect to consumer health data as defined in Washington’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws, you can view our Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice
here.
Section 7: Children
Our Services are intended to be made available only to individuals who are 13 years of age or older (Spark Direct) and 18 years of age or older (Sleepio, SleepioRx, Daylight and DaylightRx) and we do not knowingly collect or maintain the personal information shared by children under 13. If you believe a child who is under the age of 13 has used the Service and entered Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@bighealth.com
. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of Privacy Laws or other applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account, if applicable.
Minor Requests.
If you wish to submit a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child, you must:
Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Section 8: Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
For your convenience and information, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content that is not owned or operated by Big Health. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. Big Health is not responsible for the privacy practices of any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy notices of these websites and third-parties prior to accessing these links.
Section 9: Updates to our Privacy Notice
Big Health reserves the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time so we encourage you to check this page occasionally. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date above.  If any of the updates are deemed material under applicable legal requirements, we will notify you of the changes and may contact you via email or other contact information you have provided for that notice.
Section 10: Terms and Conditions of Use
Depending on the product you use, our Services are also be governed by separate
Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Section 11: How to Contact Us
You may contact us with questions, comments, or complaints about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, or to exercise your rights regarding your information. When raising a request or complaint, please provide sufficient details (including your relationship with us) and any relevant documentation. The contact information for our global Privacy Office and global data protection officer is:
Big Health Inc.
Attn: Director of Privacy
548 Market St
PMB 72279
San Francisco, CA 94104
USA
privacy@bighealth.com
If we are subject to HIPAA, and you would like to file a complaint under HIPAA, you may contact the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Civil Rights (“OCR”). Under no circumstances will we take any retaliation against you for filing a complaint to the OCR.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:

Sub-policy 1
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account
Sub-policy 2
http://bighealth.com/:
US FDA has granted clearance of DaylightRx for generalized anxiety disorder
-
learn more here.
Solutions
Research
Company
Get Started
US
Who we serve
Health Systems & Practices
Health Plans
Employers
Safe and effective digital CBT  for insomnia and anxiety
offerings
For insomnia
For anxiety
Increase access to first-line mental health care for members
Explore all health plan solutions
offerings
For insomnia
For anxiety
Provide effective mental health care for your organization
Explore all employer solutions
offerings
For better sleep
For improved mood
For reduced worry and anxiety
For comprehensive mental health care
BIG HEALTH
About Us
Our mission & team
News & Resources
Learn with us
Careers
Join our mission
FAQ
We’ve got answers
Our Solutions
Sleepio
Sleepio Rx
Daylight
Daylight Rx
Spark Direct
For Organizations
Research
Resources
Blog
News
Webinars
Reports
Tools
User Stories
Contact Us
Request Demo
US
UK
Mental health care for all
We build solutions to make effective mental health care accessible to everyone – anytime, anywhere.
Get started
Most people in need of mental health support don’t receive it
In addition to stigma, access to care and financial barriers keep millions from accessing the quality care they need.
65% of US adults with mental health conditions don’t receive treatment.
1
weeks
Average wait time to see a licensed mental health provider.
2
of adults with a mental health condition don’t receive necessary care because they can’t afford it.
3
It’s time for accessible mental health care that works
Big Health empowers people and organizations everywhere to take control of their mental health with our comprehensive platform and proven digital programs.
Get better sleep
Improve sleep quality with Sleepio, our digital program for sleep.
Tackle anxiety
‍
Overcome stress and worries with Daylight, our digital program for worry and anxiety.
Improve mood
‍
Enhance well-being with Spark Direct, our digital program for low mood.
Restore mental health
Target a range of individual needs with customized support and live care navigation.
Who we serve
Employers
Health Plans
Benefits Consultants
“Sleepio has made a huge difference in helping me get consolidated sleep.”
Lesley
,
nurse and new mom
Read testimonials
“Thanks to the techniques learned through Daylight, I feel like I’m more in control of my anxiety.”
Julia
,
recent graduate in a new city
Read testimonials
“I recommend Sleepio to everyone – especially mothers who may be struggling with sleep.”
Amanda
,
sleepless during pregnancy
Read testimonials
“I feel like myself again.”
Wendy
,
anxious dog mom
Read testimonials
“Sleepio has made a huge difference in helping me get consolidated sleep.”
Lesley
,
nurse and new mom
Read testimonials
“Thanks to the techniques learned through Daylight, I feel like I’m more in control of my anxiety.”
Julia
,
recent graduate in a new city
Read testimonials
“I recommend Sleepio to everyone – especially mothers who may be struggling with sleep.”
Amanda
,
sleepless during pregnancy
Read testimonials
“I feel like myself again.”
Wendy
,
anxious dog mom
Read testimonials
“Sleepio has made a huge difference in helping me get consolidated sleep.”
Lesley
,
nurse and new mom
Read testimonials
SlickJS Slider Instructions
Step 1: Add head and body code to page settings.
In the Navigator, find the embedded code blocks
Head Code (Delete After Copying)
and
Body Code (Delete After Copying)
Open the
Head Code (Delete After Copying)
embed, copy the code and place it in the
Inside <head> tag
custom code section of the page settings.
‍
Open the
Body Code (Delete After Copying)
embed, copy the code and place it in the
Before </body> tag
custom code section of the page settings.
Step 2: Connect CMS Collection to Slider
(Optional)
Find the div block with class
.slider03_component
and add a
Collection List
inside of it.
Add the combo class
slider03_wrapper
slider-wrapper
to the
Collection List Wrapper
Add the combo class
slider03_list
slider-list
to the
Collection List
Add the combo class
slider03_item
slider-item
the
Collection Item
Find the existing div block with class
.slider03_wrapper
and delete it.
(Your CMS Collection List now replaces this)
Step 3: Renaming Classes
We recommend to use
{Finsweet Folders
from the
{Finsweet Chrome Extension
to quickly update your class names for this section. Using the Folders tool, you can find and rename all instances of
slider03
within the project.
Please make sure that the following combo classes stay applied to the specified elements:
•
slider-wrapper
is applied to the
Collection List Wrapper
or
Div Block
containing the
slider-list
and
•
slider-list
is applied to the
Collection List
or
Div Block
containing the
slider-item
•
slider-item
is applied to the
Collection Item
or
Div Block
for each individual slide
•
Optional:
Delete
slider03_arrows
to remove the custom navigation arrow buttons.
•
Optional:
Use
slick-current
as a combo class on the
slider-item
to style the currently highlighted/focused slide.
Step 4: Style Away!
We recommend adding a
slider03_contents
div block to the
slider-item
and then add images, text, and custom styling as necessary to achieve the look you are going for.
Please note that some aspects of the design of the slider will come from the "settings" in the slider code, such has number of slides displayed at each breakpoint. If you are trying to make significant changes from the base structure of this slider, please make sure to review the
different setting options that SlickJS offers
.
Improving productivity in automotive workers with quality sleep
A case study examining Sleepio adoption and outcomes in employees of an integrated automotive services company.
Learn More
Ready to help bring millions back to good mental health?
Get started
1. Reinbert et al (2021). “The State of Mental Health in America 2022.” Mental Health America, Alexandria VA.
2. Association for Behavioral Healthcare (2022). “Outpatient mental health access and workforce crisis issue brief”
3. National Alliance on Mental Illness. (2021). “2021 Mood Disorder Survey”
Sleepio, Daylight, and Spark Direct are digital programs that may help individuals live well with mental health conditions and symptoms by providing them with cognitive and behavioral techniques that can improve sleep, feelings of worry and anxiety, and mood, respectively. Sleepio, Daylight, and Spark Direct have not been reviewed or approved by the Food & Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose or treat any medical condition. Please read the instructions for use.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Read our privacy policy.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
http://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 4
http://privacy.bighealth.com/:
If you're seeing this message, that means
JavaScript has been disabled on your browser
, please
enable JS
to make this app work.
Privacy Notice
Introduction
Section 1: Personal Data We Collect
Section 2: Uses of Personal Information
Section 3: Disclosures of Personal Information
Section 4: Security of Personal Data and International Transfers
Section 5: Data Retention
Section 6: Data Protection Preferences and Rights
Section 7: Children
Section 8: Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
Section 9: Updates to our Privacy Notice
Section 10: Terms and Conditions of Use
Section 11: How to Contact Us
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
We're taking a different approach to privacy
Show Me
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
July 26, 2024
Introduction
This Privacy Notice (“
Privacy Notice
”) describes the privacy practices of Big Health Inc. and Big Health Ltd, and their respective representatives, and its affiliates (collectively, “
Big Health
”, “
we
,” “
us
”, “
our
”). Capitalized terms (and variations or equivalents thereof) not defined herein have the meanings set out in relevant Privacy Laws (as defined below). Individually, Big Health Inc. and Big Health Ltd act as Data Controllers, and together, we act as joint Data Controllers. This Privacy Notice covers how Big Health collects, receives, uses, retains, and discloses Personal Data (as defined in the GDPR, defined below), and explains the rights and choices available to individuals with respect to their Personal Data. The scope of this policy applies to Personal Data collected via our website at
www.bighealth.com
,
www.sleepio.com
,
www.trydaylight.com
and all associated  subdomains (collectively, the “
Sites
”), our comprehensive mental health platform page (
navigator.bighealth.com
), our digital therapeutics and programs designed to improve outcomes (“
Apps
”), sessions within the applications, events, the related analytics collection, data collection, storage, analysis and reporting tools, and any other online or offline offering of ours that posts this Policy (collectively, the “
Services
”).
Through our provision of Services, we may have access to Personally Identifiable Information and Protected Health Information (“
PHI
”), Personal Data, Special Category Data (and variations thereof) that is subject to specific protections under applicable laws (collectively “
Protected Information
”). We will retain  Protected Information in accordance with the requirements of any and all applicable data protection and privacy laws in force from time to time (presently or in the future) in any relevant jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, (i) EU Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (“
GDPR
”), (iii) the Data Protection Act 2018, (iv) the Data Protection (Charges and Information) Regulations 2018, (v) the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, (vi) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 Public Law 104-191, and its related regulations and amendments from time to time (“
HIPAA
”), (vii) the CCPA, (viii) the CPRA, (ix) the
VCDPA
, (x) the
CTDPA
, (xi) the
UCPA
, (xii) the
CPA
, and/or (xiii) the
NPL
(individually and/or collectively, “
Privacy Laws
”).
By using the Services, and/or by providing Protected Information to Big Health or its authorized distributors you accept and hereby expressly consent to our collection, use, retention, and disclosure of your Protected Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
If you are using the Service on behalf of an individual other than yourself, you represent that you are authorized by such an individual to act on such an individual's behalf and that such individual acknowledges the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Notice.
Protected Information
When you set up a Big Health account, you are creating a relationship with Big Health that enables you to access and/or utilize the various functions of our Services and does not imply you are a user of our services. As part of that relationship, information related to your name, email address, mailing address, phone number that is not a subset of health information is not consider to be Protected Information.
Big Health is not a “covered entity” under
HIPAA
. Depending on the source of the Protected Information, we may be considered a Business Associate under HIPAA. It is important to note that HIPAA does not necessarily apply to an entity or person simply because there is health information involved, and HIPAA may not apply to your transactions or communications with Big Health. To the extent Big Health is deemed a Business Associate, and solely in its role as such, Big Health is subject to certain provisions of HIPAA with respect to
PHI
. Despite anything to the contrary herein, any information that does not constitute Protected Information under Privacy Laws may be used or disclosed in any manner permitted under this Privacy Notice. Protected Information does not include information that has been de-identified in accordance with Privacy Laws.
Section 1: Personal Data We Collect
The Personal Data we collect depends on how you interact with us or use our Services and the requirements of applicable law. We collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, information from other sources such as your employer, and third-party services and organizations, as described below.
App Users
Registration.
In order to establish an account and for you to be able to register for and use the Service, we may collect information from you including, but not limited to, your name, postal address, location, email address, phone number, username, password, demographic information (such as your gender and date of birth, as well as race, ethnicity, religious affiliations, sexual orientation), salary information, employer and other employment related information, insurance information, information about your mood, mental or physical health, or emotional state, information related to your sleep habits and any other information you directly give us through the Services.
Using Big Health Services.
Depending on the Services you use, you may be asked to complete additional forms (e.g. intake form, initial assessment, consent) which may ask for additional information, including, information about your current or historical health or mental health and treatment, and other information about your lifestyle.
Communicating with Us.
If you communicate with us by email, phone, chat, text or within our app, we will collect personal information from you, such as your name, contact information, and information you provide within your communication to us. Calls to Big Health may be recorded.
Care Navigator.
The Services contain asynchronous messaging functionality (e.g., chat) that provides you with information to help you navigate our Services (“
Care Navigator
”). The content and information contained on and provided through Care Navigator is provided on an “AS IS” basis and may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. We make no representations about suitability, accuracy, completeness, reliability or timeliness of information, content or services. If you are dissatisfied with information Care Navigator provides, please advise us immediately. We are not responsible or liable for any direct, indirect, equitable, consequential, special or monetary damages resulting from your use of Care Navigator. The use of this information is at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that Care Navigator will always be available. Be courteous. Care Navigator is there to help you. However, we follow strict anti-harassment and anti-discrimination policies and will not tolerate inappropriate behavior. Your access will be immediately terminated, in our sole and absolute discretion, if you harass, discriminate, threaten, or otherwise engage in any inappropriate behavior during any communication with Care Navigator. Subject to applicable law, such behavior may be reported to authorities and/or your employer and you expressly agree to such disclosure.
Surveys and Testimonials.
We may periodically send you optional surveys to collect your feedback on your experience with Big Health. Understanding outcomes is central to our mission of helping millions back to good mental health and data can help inform Big Health’s approach to treatment and assessment of progress. We may also use collected feedback in our materials to educate others on the benefits of our products but will always get your permission to do so first.
Information We Get from Your Employer.
We may receive information from your employer to enable us to confirm your eligibility or the eligibility of your dependents or household member(s), contact you in order to inform you of the availability of the Services, help us measure the effectiveness of the Services, or better support communications with your or other individuals as permitted by law.
Information We Get from the NHS (when applicable).
Please note that if you access our Services using your National Health Service (“
NHS
”) login details, the identity verification services are managed by NHS England. NHS England is the controller for any personal information you provided to NHS England to get an NHS login account and verify your identity and uses that personal information solely for that single purpose. For this personal information, our role is a “processor” only and we must act under the instructions provided by NHS England (as the “controller”) when verifying your identity. NHS login’s Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions are found here:
https://access.login.nhs.uk/terms-and-conditions
. This restriction does not apply to the personal information you provide to us separately.
Site Users
Information We Get from Interactive Features.
We may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., Care Navigator, commenting functionalities via a supportive online community of other people on the course and course graduates (the “
Sleepio Community
”), information request forms for our Services and social media pages). Any personal information you elect to make publicly available on our Services, such as posting comments on our social media pages, will be available to others. Any information you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered “public”, unless otherwise required by Privacy Laws, and is not subject to all of the privacy protections referenced herein.
Information We Get from Others.
We may get information about you from other sources, such as your employer, benefits providers, or third-party care providers. We may combine the information that we collect with data obtained from third parties or through our products and Services. Your use of services on third-party platforms are governed by the privacy statement and other terms of use for that third-party platform, until such information is disclosed to us, and then such information is also subject to this Privacy Notice. Please note that you should obtain necessary consents before providing us with personal information regarding another individual.
Voice and Video Information.
If you consent, we may collect your voice and video image for ongoing quality improvement and quality assurance of our Services as well as for testimonials for promotional materials, as noted above under “Surveys and Testimonials.” The consent form you are provided before agreeing to provide voice and video to us will provide additional information on how voice and video data is collected, used and retained.
Information Automatically Collected.
We automatically log information about you and your computer, phone, tablet or other devices you use to access the Services. Examples include:
Identifiers and device information
. When you visit our websites, our web servers automatically log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about your device, including device identifiers (such as MAC address); device type; and your device’s operating system, browser, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration. As further described in the “Cookies” section below, our websites and online services store and retrieve cookie identifiers, mobile IDs, and other data.
Geolocation data
. Depending on your device and app settings, we collect geolocation data when you use our Apps or online services.
Usage data
. We automatically log your activity on our websites, Apps, and connected products, including the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, and other details about your use of and actions on our website. In some instances, such usage data may be sensitive personal information if it relates to your browsing activity on health-related pages on the Service. For example, we may log the fact that you visited a page that relates to a specific product or treatment available through our site. For more information, refer to the “Cookies” section below.
Cookies.
We, our Service Providers, and our Third Party Business Partners, may also collect certain information about the use of our websites and mobile applications by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and other technologies (“Technologies”). This information is collected to make the Services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs. In jurisdictions where Automated Information is considered personal information, or if we associate Automated Information with personal information, we will treat Automated Information as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Web browsers may offer users of our websites the ability to disable receiving certain types of cookies; however, if cookies are disabled, some features or functionality of our websites may not function correctly. The “help” menu on most internet browsers contains information on how to disable cookies, or you can visit
www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies
.  If you are a resident of California, you may have additional choices as described below.
Analytics.
We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on the Services. Some of our analytics partners include:
Google Analytics
. For more information, please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here
.
Heap
. For more information about Heap, please visit Heap’s Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Social Media.
We may process publicly available information about our company, products and services from posts on social media channels and use that information to better understand our products and services.
Information about Vendors and Suppliers.
We have relationships with different vendors and suppliers. Some vendors and suppliers are natural persons (such as self-employed persons). We also may collect Personal Data about representatives and contact persons of our vendors and suppliers who are legal entities.
Information about Attendees of Conferences, Meetings, Webinars, and Events.
We process Personal Data you provide to us through a sign-up sheet, badge scan, use of our webinar platforms, or other method of collection offered by us as part of our marketing, education and outreach efforts at conferences, meetings, webinars, and events, or as part of our interactions with you. Additionally, we may ask your permission to take photographs, video recordings, audio recordings, or other recorded media of you while participating at a conference, meeting, webinar, or event. Where requested by you, we may use your Personal Data to send you information related to our products, services, educational offerings, or the hosting of or attendance at a future conference, meeting, webinar, or event. We may also process your Personal Data to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
Section 2: Uses of Personal Information
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us. Below are the purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide and secure the Services and personalize your experience.
We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to:
Help establish and verify the identity and eligibility of users;
Open, maintain, administer, and manage profiles and accounts for registered users;
Provide search results and notifications that are most relevant for you;
Recommend Services and treatment that may be a good fit for you;
Provide you with customized products, Services, content, offers, or materials;
Evaluate progress against your self-defined goals;
To inform your Employer or Benefit Sponsor, if you have one, about your registration and other information as described below;
Provide, deliver, operate and maintain the Services and other products and services that you request, including those from our selected partners;
Link or combine user information with other personal information, such as when you use services offered by our contracted providers of clinical services;
Respond to comments and questions and provide customer service or technical support;
Allow you to register for events;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Ensure internal quality control and safety;
Debug or identify and repair errors with the Services;
Audit interactions, transactions and other compliance activities; and
Communicate with you about your account, including confirmations, notices, notifications, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages. If you are communicating with Big Health about your care, these communications may contain medical information.
Understand and improve our services
.
Measure and understand engagement with the services;
Research and develop products, Services, marketing, or internal processes;
Improve, repair, upgrade, or enhance the Services; and
To analyze traffic and user behavior or activity to and through Service.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights, such as to:
Operate our business, such as billing, processing your payments, accounting, administering your account, improving our internal operations, securing our systems;
Protect or enforce Big Health’s rights and properties.
Enforce our agreements and policies;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Ensure internal quality control and safety;
Protect your safety or vital interests, or the safety or vital interests of others; and
Comply with our legal obligations.
Advertising and Personalization:
We use information about how you have interacted with our Services to target and serve personalized online ads to you.
To maintain and improve the quality of our Services, including to perform research and development, understand user trends, and, in a limited way, understand the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising such as recording a sales conversion;
To provide you with information about new Products and Services, promotions, and other opportunities that we believe may be of interest to you, whether offered by us or third-party partners, and to personalize, measure, and improve such offers;
To personalize the advertisements you receive about our Services through third-party platforms, on other websites and Apps.
With your consent:
We may use information about you in other ways or for other purposes, where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above.
De-identified and Aggregated Information:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information that we collect, such that the information no longer identifies any specific individual and therefore is no longer considered personal information. We may use, disclose and otherwise process such information for our own legitimate business purposes – including historical and statistical analysis and business planning – without restriction. In some cases, we use aggregated, de-identified clinical data to provide our customers with insight into how their employees are using our Services.
Other Uses of Personal Data.
In some situations, we may have a separate agreement or relationship with you with respect to a specific type of processing of your Personal Data, such as if you participate in a special program, webinar, activity or event. These situations will be governed by specific terms, privacy notices, or consent forms that provide additional information about how we will use your information. We will honor these additional terms with respect to your information and thus, strongly recommend you review the additional terms prior to participating in any programs.
Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to a number of legal requirements. As a result, we may be required to process Personal Data, including sensitive Personal Data (such as health and medical information), in order to meet these obligations. We will process your Personal Data in accordance with our legal obligations and in a way that protects your privacy to the extent possible, for example, pseudonymizing information, while still complying with our legal obligations.
Section 3: Disclosures of Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Clinical Partners.
We may provide certain personal information to hospitals, clinics, practices, researchers, universities or other medical groups or health care systems that have contracted with Big Health to permit use of the Services.
Your Benefit Sponsor or Employer.
In limited cases, we may provide certain personal information to your Benefit Sponsor, this may include your name, email address, your registration date, and the date on which you last used our Service and may include additional personal information depending on our agreement with your Benefit Sponsor. Generally, we restrict this sharing to not include specific details of your in-app activity or any details about your use of Services. This restriction may not apply where sharing some of your activity is necessary for your treatment, payment, or healthcare operations such as if your Benefit Sponsor is your other healthcare provider, health insurance provider, or health plan.
Affiliates.
Note that sometimes we receive information from and share information among the Big Health Inc. and Big Health Ltd, and vice versa.
Third Party Business Partners.
In limited cases, we may provide certain Personal Data to third party businesses with which we have a joint promotional relationship, bundled subscription offer, or other trusted partnership. This type of sharing will most often be consistent with your notice, consent, direction, and/or reasonable expectations considering the circumstances in which you provided the personal information.
Service Providers.
We disclose your Personal Data to our third-party service providers, such as IT and related services, payment processors, customer service providers, and other vendors that support our provision of the Services. These service providers will be subject to contractual obligations to implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to safeguard the Personal Data, and to process the Personal Data only as instructed.
Your Integrations.
You may connect your account through supported integrations with third parties and we may share your personal information with those third parties. If you do connect an integration, that third party’s terms and privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data shared as a result and we encourage you to review those before setting up the integration. For example, if you are on iOS, you may connect our Services to Apple’s Health Kit. If you do, iOS Privacy Policy and Terms of Use apply, and can be reviewed at
www.apple.com/legal/privacy
.
Research.
Big Health conducts or participates in research studies with select universities. You may be offered the opportunity to participate in these studies. If your Protected Information will be disclosed as part of these studies, your information will only be included with your written authorization. You will be asked to review and accept terms and enrollment separately from the information included in this Policy Notice. Information from these studies may be published by third parties including through various media platforms/academic journals. If the study is not sponsored by Big Health, you should contact the principal investigator and/or sponsor institution to view their informed consents and/or any other trial documents that may pertain to you.
Sleepio Community.
Most of the Sleepio Community isn’t shared publicly and is only visible to other logged-in members. However, there is a subset of ‘General chat’ discussions which may appear in public searches. The profile messages appearing on the Community homepage at any one time may also be visible to non-members. While we’ve taken care to anonymize your username in such cases, we’re not able to change the content of your comment or message. For this reason, we recommend that you exclude identifying information if you would like to remain anonymous while using the Community. You may want to choose a username that is unique to your Sleepio account and which wouldn’t identify you in any context.
We follow strict anti-harassment and anti-discrimination policies and will not tolerate inappropriate behavior. Your access will be immediately terminated, in our sole and absolute discretion, if you harass, discriminate, threaten, or otherwise engage in any inappropriate behavior in the Sleepio Community. Subject to applicable law, such behavior may be reported to authorities and/or your employer and you expressly agree to such disclosure.
De-Identified and Aggregated Information.
We may use both Protected Information and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, location information, information about the device from which you access the Services, or other data sets we may create. In some cases, we use aggregated, de-identified clinical data to provide our customers with insight into how their employees are using our Services.
Advertising Partners.
We may disclose your Personal Data to third-party advertising partners. These third-party advertising partners may include Technologies and other tracking tools on our corporate website (
bighealth.com
) to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.”
Disclosures to Protect Us and Others.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceeding, similar legal process, or in order to enforce our agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Big Health, our customers, or others (including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks). We may also disclose personal information where we believe that doing so would be in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
Financial Services and Payment Processing.
When you provide payment data, for example to make a purchase, we will disclose payment and transactional data to banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, analytics, or other related financial services.
What Happens in the Event of a Change of Control.
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer our company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. We may also sell, assign, or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of Big Health. Your information such as names and email addresses, and other information related to the Services may be among the items transferred in these types of transactions.
Section 4: Security of Personal Data and International Transfers
We may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. For example, we typically transfer your Personal Data to the United States, where Big Health is headquartered, and the United Kingdom, where Big Health Ltd - Big Health Inc.’s parent entity - is located.  The countries to which we transfer Personal Data may not have the same Privacy Laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer Personal Data across borders, we consider a variety of requirements that may apply to such transfers.
Specifically, we may transfer Personal Data from the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom or Switzerland to:
countries that the European Commission, or other applicable governmental authority, has deemed to adequately safeguard Personal Data; or
third countries where the European Commission, or other applicable governmental authority, has not issued an adequacy decision,
pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with applicable Standard Contractual Clauses, Binding Corporate Rules or any other data transfer mechanism recognized as legally valid by the European Commission, or other applicable governmental authority
pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the Personal Data pertains, or
as otherwise permitted by Privacy Laws or other applicable law, for example, where the transfer is necessary for important reasons of public interest (such as adverse event reporting).
We are committed to protecting your privacy and data. We have taken steps to implement safeguards and security measures to help prevent your Personal Data from being lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its security. However, we do use firewalls, data encryption at rest and in transit to protect your Personal Data.
Any text, email or other transmission you send unencrypted through the internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception. In particular, be aware that personal email may not be secure. You are not required to authorize the use of your personal email for purposes of communicating with Big Health and a decision not to consent or to opt out of receiving these emails will not restrict your ability to access care from Big Health.
Section 5: Data Retention
We will retain Personal Data for as long as necessary to provide our services, but in no case later than six (6) years following termination of your participation with our Services or withdrawal of your consent. We will retain and use Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Section 6: Data Protection Preferences and Rights
Section 6a: Data Protection Preferences and Rights for the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK)
If you are located in the
European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK),
in certain circumstances, you have the right to exercise certain privacy rights available to you under Privacy Laws. We will process your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You have the rights and choices described below regarding Big Health’s processing of your Personal Data. We have appointed a data protection officer (“
DPO
”) as a point of contact for exercising these rights. Please see the “How to Contact Us” section below for the DPO’s contact information.
Please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process Personal Data, we may not be able to provide our products or services to individuals who exercise these rights, or to otherwise engage with such individuals going forward. In addition, your rights and choices may be limited in certain cases; for example, if you ask to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.
We reserve the right to verify the identity of any individual making a request regarding Personal Data. This helps ensure that we provide any information requested only to individuals to whom the information pertains and that we allow only those individuals or their authorized representatives to exercise rights with respect to that information.
Your rights include the following:
Access to and correction of your Personal Data.
You may request access to the Personal Data that we maintain about you. If we grant your request, we will provide you with a copy of the Personal Data we maintain about you in the ordinary course of business, in a commonly used format. Additionally, you may request to correct any errors in your Personal Data. We may reject your request to access or correct your information, as permitted by Privacy Laws. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reasons for the rejection.
Deletion of your Personal Data
. You may request that we delete your Personal Data from our records. We may reject your request, as permitted by Privacy Laws. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reasons for the rejection.
Withdrawal of consent.
You may withdraw such consent by following the instructions that were provided to you when you signed the consent. You may unsubscribe from marketing emails using the provided link in each marketing email. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to Big Health’s use or disclosure of your Personal Data will mean that Big Health will not be able to provide products or services to you or to otherwise engage with you.
Objection to our processing of your Personal Data
. To the extent provided by Privacy Laws, you may object at any time on legitimate grounds to our processing of your Personal Data. We may reject your request, as permitted by Privacy Laws. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reasons for the rejection.
Portability of your Personal Data.
In some cases, you may request that we transfer your Personal Data to another data controller. We may reject your request, as permitted by Privacy Laws. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reasons for the rejection.
If you feel Big Health’s processing of your Personal Data violates Privacy Laws, you can also lodge a complaint with the corresponding data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence. You can find the relevant European Economic Area supervisory authority name and contact details under
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
and the United Kingdom’s data protection supervisory authority’s contact details under
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
.
Categories of Personal Data, Purposes of Processing and Source
See Section 1 for categories of Personal Data that Big Health collects, for the purposes Big Health uses your Personal Data and, if applicable, the source from which the Personal Data originated.
Special Category Data
Special categories of Personal Data include Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning health, data concerning an individual’s sex life or sexual orientation, genetic data, and biometric data processed for the purpose of identifying an individual.
If you choose to provide it, we may collect special category data, such as in our onboarding forms and initial assessments, and in your communications to Big Health and our affiliates.
We process this Personal Data solely for the purposes of facilitating your receipt of our mental health services via our technological Services, in accordance with your explicit consent per Article 9(2)(a) GDPR. You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect.
If there is a life-threatening emergency and the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent, we may process Personal Data that falls within these special categories as necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another individual per Art. 9(2)(c) GDPR.
Lawful Bases for Processing
We rely on the following legal bases to process Personal Data of yours that does not fall within special categories, as appropriate:
According to your consent per Article 6(1)(a) GDPR (“
Consent Legal Basis
”)
Necessary for us to perform a contract with you or take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract per Article 6(1)(b) GDPR (“
Contract Performance Legal Basis
”)
Necessary for us to comply with an applicable legal obligation per Article 6(1)(c) GDPR (“
Legal Obligations Legal Basis
”)
Necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person per Article 6(1)(d) GDPR (“
Vital Interests Legal Basis
”), or
Necessary for us to realize a legitimate interest based on an assessment of that interest and your privacy and other fundamental interests per Article 6(1)(f) GDPR (“
Legitimate Interest Legal Basis
”), where the legitimate interests could be in particular:
open, maintain, administer, and manage accounts for registered users and account holders;
ensuring internal quality control and safety;
improving our Services;
managing and conducting our relationships with third parties in a business or professional capacity;
managing and administering our business;
debugging to identify and repair errors with the Services;
enforcing our agreements and policies;
detecting security incidents;
protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity; and
prosecuting those responsible for that activity; ensuring internal quality control and safety; protecting your safety or vital interests, or the safety or vital interests of others.
We rely on the following legal bases to process Personal Data which falls within special categories:
Pursuant to your explicit consent, which is provided by agreeing to this Privacy Notice; and
Necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent
If we rely on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by contacting us at the contact details listed below. For additional details regarding the lawful bases of processing your Personal Data specifically, please contact
privacy@bighealth.com
.
Categories of Recipients
See Section 3 for information on the categories of recipients that Big Health shares your Personal Data with.
Your Choices.
There is no law or contract between you and us stating that individuals in the EEA or UK have to use our Services. We ask you to provide your name, organization, and eligibility information to verify your eligibility to receive certain Services from us, certain essential details about yourself and your lifestyle during onboarding so that we may recommend programs to you. We cannot provide you with a recommendation or access to our programs if you do not provide such information. You do not have to provide Personal Data that is not shown as required to receive our Services (as indicated within the forms); the only consequence of not providing this Personal Data is that it will not be taken into consideration when we recommend programs to you and when you receive such services. You do not have to consent to our use of Personal Data for advertising purposes. If you do not allow us to collect the data we automatically collect from users of our Services, some of our Services may not work properly or be as tailored to you as they could otherwise be, but they will still generally be usable.
To the extent that you have given consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by contacting us as described below. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the withdrawal of consent.
Data Retention.
See Section 5 for Big Health’s Data Retention practices.
Section 6b:
Data Protection Preferences and Rights for Residents of the United States
If you are located in the
US
, you have a number of privacy choices you can make regarding your personal information depending on the state you reside in, especially in states that have passed specific Privacy Laws such as:
California, Washington, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, and Nevada
, in certain circumstances, you have the right to exercise certain privacy rights available to you under Privacy Laws. We will process your request in accordance with Privacy Laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CPRA
”), Virginia Consumer Data Privacy Act (“
VCDPA
”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“
CTDPA
”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“
UCPA
”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”), and the Nevada Privacy Law (“
NPL
”).
If you do not see your jurisdiction above, please do not interpret that to mean that we do not respect your privacy. We encourage you to contact us using the contact details below with your questions or concerns.
Email Communications.
Where legally permissible, we may send you information about Big Health products and services via email. You may unsubscribe from receiving marketing or other commercial emails from Big Health by clicking the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. However, even if you opt out of receiving such communications, we retain the right to send you non-marketing or transactional communications regarding products or Services you have requested (such as crisis escalation emails) in addition to communications regarding us and the Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our applicable Terms and Conditions of Use or this Privacy Notice).
Text Messages.
You may opt out of receiving text messages from us at any time by following the instructions in the text message/replying “STOP” to a text message you have received from us or by contacting us at
privacy@bighealth.com
.
Mobile Devices.
We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Do Not Track
.
Some browsers include a “Do Not Track” (DNT) setting that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Unlike the Global Privacy Control, there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal; therefore, our websites do not respond to DNT signals. For more details about DNT, including how to enable or disable this preference, visit
https://termsfeed/com/do-not-track
.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising.
You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your browser or devices preferences, as they permit. However, if you adjust your preferences, the Services may not work properly or certain features may not be available. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs may not be effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android
,
iOS
and
others
.
If you wish to opt out of targeted advertising, you may do so
here
(
bighealth.com
).
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
,
the Digital Advertising Alliance
, and
the European Digital Advertising Alliance
. Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Collection of personal information.
Big Health may collect the personal information described in Section 1 and as categorized in the table below. Please note that some of this personal information will be considered sensitive under your state’s legal definition which varies across different states. The personal information we may collect depending on how you use our Services includes mental or physical health information, racial or ethnic origin, and information about sexual orientation or gender identity.
Use of personal information.
Big Health may collect, use, or disclose personal information about US state residents for purposes listed in Section 2 of our Privacy Notice. We use sensitive personal information for the same purposes except for personalizing ads.
Disclosure of personal information.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of service providers and third parties identified in Section 3 of this Privacy Notice, and in ways that are described in that section.
Your Privacy Rights
We generally provide the privacy rights described below to you regardless of your location. Your state may afford you additional privacy rights as noted below. To exercise your rights, see the contact information in Section 10 or visit our Privacy Hub. We will respond to your verifiable request within the time limit afforded under Privacy Laws. Exceptions may still apply as described in this section.
Right to Access Personal Information.
You have the right to know what personal information we collect about you and how we use it. This Privacy Notice serves to inform you about that collection and use. If we have personal information about you, you may also request a copy of that information.
Right to Request Correction.
You have the right to request the correction of your inaccurate personal information. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information.
Right to Request Deletion
of your personal information, subject to a number of exceptions.
Right to Request Restriction of or Object
to our processing of your personal information; and
Withdraw your Consent
to our processing of your personal information where you have previously provided us consent to process the Personal Data. In some instances, withdrawing your consent to Big Health’s use or disclosure of your Personal Data will mean that Big Health will not be able to provide products or services to you or otherwise engage with you.
Right to Know.
You have a right to request that we disclose the following information to you the personal information we have collected about you. You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such personal information.
Note
that we have provided much of this information in this Privacy Notice.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information;
The categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed for a business purpose; and
The categories of personal information we have sold or shared about you (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold or shared; and
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling or sharing personal information about you.
Category of Personal Data Collected by Big Health
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Category of Third Parties Information is Shared With
Identifiers
Name, alias, mailing address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email (personal and/or work), account name, telephone number, password, account credentials, National Provider Identifier (NPI), driver’s license / government ID number (if provided for identity verification), or other similar identifiers
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statue (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, address, telephone number, employment, employment history, medical information.
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Geolocation data
Approximate location based on information like IP address
·   Data storage and hosting providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Advertising networks and providers
·   Analytics providers
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Audio recordings, voicemails, photographs
·   Data storage providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   N/A
Professional or employment-related information
Employer, job title or role, work contact information
·  N/A
·   N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
·   Data storage providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
·   Data storage providers
·   Business operations, communications, and collaboration tools
·   Sales and marketing tools
·   Internet Service Providers
·   Product infrastructure tools
Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information “Sales” or “Sharing”
. Big Health does not “sell” or “share” personal information for money under the CCPA’s broad definitions, but Big Health may “sell” or “share” personal information through the use of advertising and analytics-related cookies and pixels on our corporate website. We use these cookies and pixels for the sole purposes of analytics and for providing targeted behavioral advertising based on your interest in Big Health. You may adjust your cookie preferences on your device or remove them by adjusting your browser or devices preferences, as they permit, and you may use this Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information form
here
(
bighealth.com
) to request that we do not collect or use your personal information for behavioral advertising. Big Health does not otherwise, in any way, “sell” or “share” your personal information.  We also do not have actual knowledge of any “sale” or “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
You have a right to limit our use of sensitive personal information for any purposes other than to provide the services or goods you request or as otherwise permitted by law.
To opt-out from such additional purposes, please visit
“Your Privacy Choices”
(
bighealth.com
) on the bottom of our webpage or use the
Global Privacy Control
(
globalprivacycontrol.org
) described below.
The Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights set out in the CCPA.
Right to Appeal.
You can request to exercise such rights or appeal a denied request by contacting us at
privacy@bighealth.com
. If your appeal is denied, you may be able to appeal any decision we have made about your request by contacting your state’s regulators for further assistance.
Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
.
The CCPA defines “sell,” “share,” and “personal information” very broadly, and some of our data sharing described in this Privacy Notice may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under those definitions. In particular, we let advertising and analytics providers collect identifiers (IP addresses, cookie IDs, and mobile IDs), activity data (browsing, clicks, app usage, non-product identifying transaction data), device data, and geolocation data through our sites and Apps when you use our online services, but do not “sell” or “share” any other types of personal information. If you do not wish for us or our partners to “sell” or “share” personal information relating to your visits to our sites for advertising purposes, you can make your request by visiting our
Privacy Center
(
privacy.bighealth.com
) or using a Global Privacy Control. If you opt-out using these choices, we will not share or make available such personal information in ways that are considered a “sale” or “sharing” under the CCPA. However, we will continue to make available to our partners (acting as our service providers) some personal information to help us perform advertising-related functions. Further, using these choices will not opt you out of the use of previously “sold” or “shared” personal information or stop all interest-based advertising.
We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
NOTE:
Nevada provides its residents a limited right to opt out of the sale of personal information. Please know that we do not trigger this requirement because we do not sell your personal information for payment.
NOTE:
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah have the right to opt out of targeted advertising and sales. If you are a resident of these states, you may opt out by going to
privacy.bighealth.com
.
Global Privacy Control.
Big Health supports the Global Privacy Control which is a browser-based setting that communicates your preferences to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information for online services that you visit. Please visit the Global Privacy Control website to learn more about the setting and how to enable it.
The Global Privacy Control and many of the other choices you have that are described in this Privacy Notice will apply only to the specific browser you use when you opt-out. You will need to opt-out separately on all your browsers. In addition, if you delete cookies, change browsers, or use a different device, you may need to opt out again. Please check your device settings and mobile app permissions for additional information on how to opt out.
Agent Requests.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Verification.
Further, to provide, correct, or delete specific pieces of personal information we will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your account.
California’s “Shine the Light” Law.
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“
California Customers
”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing
privacy@bighealth.com
. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address.
For users in
Colorado, Connecticut
and
Virginia
, you may opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. While you may still make this request, Big Health does not currently use profiling in this manner.
Consumer Health Data:
With respect to consumer health data as defined in Washington’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws, you can view our Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice
here.
Section 7: Children
Our Services are intended to be made available only to individuals who are 13 years of age or older (Spark Direct) and 18 years of age or older (Sleepio, SleepioRx, Daylight and DaylightRx) and we do not knowingly collect or maintain the personal information shared by children under 13. If you believe a child who is under the age of 13 has used the Service and entered Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@bighealth.com
. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of Privacy Laws or other applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account, if applicable.
Minor Requests.
If you wish to submit a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child, you must:
Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Section 8: Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
For your convenience and information, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content that is not owned or operated by Big Health. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. Big Health is not responsible for the privacy practices of any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy notices of these websites and third-parties prior to accessing these links.
Section 9: Updates to our Privacy Notice
Big Health reserves the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time so we encourage you to check this page occasionally. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date above.  If any of the updates are deemed material under applicable legal requirements, we will notify you of the changes and may contact you via email or other contact information you have provided for that notice.
Section 10: Terms and Conditions of Use
Depending on the product you use, our Services are also be governed by separate
Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Section 11: How to Contact Us
You may contact us with questions, comments, or complaints about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, or to exercise your rights regarding your information. When raising a request or complaint, please provide sufficient details (including your relationship with us) and any relevant documentation. The contact information for our global Privacy Office and global data protection officer is:
Big Health Inc.
Attn: Director of Privacy
548 Market St
PMB 72279
San Francisco, CA 94104
USA
privacy@bighealth.com
If we are subject to HIPAA, and you would like to file a complaint under HIPAA, you may contact the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Civil Rights (“OCR”). Under no circumstances will we take any retaliation against you for filing a complaint to the OCR.