Privacy Policy
This website/app is maintained by Niche Living Limited (
Niche Living
). Niche Living fully respects your right to privacy. Any personal data you volunteer will be used for the purpose for which you supply it and will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts and applicable EU directives.
This policy (together with our Terms & Conditions and Cookie Policy) sets out how we will process any personal data we collect. By visiting our website/app you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy, so please read it carefully.
Data Protection Acts
The Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018 (the
Data Protection Acts
) are designed to protect people’s privacy. They give effect to the Council of Europe Data Protection Convention. The Data Protection Acts confer rights on individuals in relation to the privacy of their personal data as well as responsibilities on those persons holding and processing such data.
What is “personal data”?
Personal data means data relating to a person who is or can be identified either from the data itself or in conjunction with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, the possession of Niche Living. It covers any information that relates to an identifiable, living individual. This data can be held on computers or in manual files.
Data Controller.
A “data controller” means a person who, either alone or with others, controls the contents and use of personal data.  The Data Controller is Niche Living.
Niche Living’s Obligations.
Niche Living’s obligations under the Data Protection Acts are that:
Data must be obtained and processed fairly.
Data must be accurate, complete and where necessary, kept up to date.
Data must have been obtained only for one or more specified, explicit and legitimate purpose.
Data must not be further processed in a manner incompatible with that purpose.
Data must be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purpose for which they were collected or are further processed.
Data must not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose.
Appropriate security measures must be taken against unauthorised access to, or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of the data, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing. Niche Living employs the most appropriate physical and technical measures, including staff training and awareness and these are reviewed regularly.
We owe a duty of care to the data subjects concerned, i.e. we must take care not to cause any of our customers damage or distress by, for example, maintaining inaccurate information on our files, or disclosing personal data to someone who is not entitled to this data.
Niche Living takes its obligations very seriously and adopts the strongest line in relation to the misuse of customer information by any of its staff. Any breach of trust with regard to the confidentiality of information is treated as serious misconduct under the Disciplinary Code and can lead to sanctions up to and including dismissal.
TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
Information collected from website/app users
. You give us your personal information by filling in forms on our website/app or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This information includes the data you provide when you register to use our website/app, update your account details, access or use the website/app, make an enquiry or report a problem.
Digital information we collect about you
. Each time you visit our website/app we automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including but not limited to the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website/app (including date and time); properties you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources
. We cooperate with third parties (including business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal data in the following ways:
Information you give us.
We use this data:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us. For example, we need your contact information to correspond with you regarding any enquiry or reservation for a studio;
to provide you with information about other goods and services that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about.
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about upcoming events, promotions, products and services we believe may interest you. For
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our website/app is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and
if you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box(es) on the registration form on which we collect your data, or log in to your account here.
Information we collect about you
. We use this data:
to administer our property management system, website/app and for internal operations, including but not limited to troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our website/app to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our website/app safe and secure; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our website/app about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources
. We may combine this information with information you give to us and/or that we collect about you. The enables us for example to confirm the accuracy of the data you give to us. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above.
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries (as defined in section 7 of the Companies Act 2014).
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you. For example, we may share your name and address with builders and decorators when they install new features in your suite; and
on-campus providers of goods and services, for the purpose of permitting them to provide you with information about upcoming events, promotions, products and services we feel may interest you. For example, retailers with on-site locations may be given anonymous information about local residents’ purchase histories in order to provide the most advantageous offers and promotions at the most effective time. Please note that this usage of your personal information by third parties will not take place without us further notifying you by email.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if Niche Living or its affiliates or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets; or
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms & Conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Niche Living, our customers or others.
SECURE STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (
EEA
). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us and use secure remote access when outside the EEA.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. You are responsible for keeping your password and username confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website/app; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access or loss of your data.
OPTING OUT
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, or by logging into your account here.
Our website/app may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites/apps of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites/apps, please note that these websites/apps have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites/apps.
YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Under section 4 of the Data Protection Acts a person has a right to be given a copy of his/her personal data. This subject access request (
SAR
) must be in writing through the postal service and is free of charge. You can make a subject access request by writing to: Niche Living, Longphort House, Earlsfort Centre, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Your request should be as specific as possible, to enable us to identify where the particular data is held and also include evidence of your own identity such as a photocopy of your passport or photocopy of your driving license. A response to your access request will issue to you as soon as is possible and in any event within forty days.
Sections 4 & 5 of the Data Protection Acts set out a small number of circumstances in which your right to see your personal records can be limited. This is necessary in order to strike a balance between the rights of the individual, on the one hand, and some important needs of civil society, on the other hand. For example, the right of access to medical data is restricted in some very limited circumstances, where the health and mental well-being of the individual might be affected by obtaining access to the data. Your right to obtain access to examination results and to see information relating to other people is also curtailed.
YOUR Right of rectification
Under section 6 of the Data Protection Acts, a person has a right to have his/her personal data corrected, if inaccurate, or erased, if there is not a legitimate reason for retaining the data.  Niche Living makes every effort to ensure that your personal data is accurate and only retained for as long as it is required. If you have reason to believe that your personal data held by Niche Living is not accurate or should no longer be retained, you can write to Niche Living on the issue setting out clearly what personal data is at issue and the reasons why you consider it to be inaccurate and/or why Niche Living should no longer retain it. There is no fee for this service. Write to Niche Living, Longphort House, Earlsfort Centre, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Concerns About Data Protection
If you are concerned that your personal data has been accessed illegally and or that your personal data may have been disclosed to a third party illegally you can make a formal written complaint to: Niche Living, Longphort House, Earlsfort Centre, Dublin 2, Ireland.
The matter will be investigated by Niche Living and you will be notified regarding the outcome of the investigation as soon as possible.
Further information on your rights under the Data Protection Acts
The Data Protection Commissioner’s Website offers an explanation of the rights and responsibilities under the Data Protection Acts (http://www.dataprotection.ie) and information is also available from: The Data Protection Commissioner’s Office, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, Ireland.
You can contact the Data Protection Commissioner’s Office by email info@dataprotection.ie or by phone 1890 252231.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.