"Creatures of the Deep" Privacy Policy
At Infinite Dreams, we care about your data. Please take a while and have a look at our privacy policy.
WHY WE COLLECT DATA?
There are several reasons why we do that:
To improve our games by analyzing statistical, non-personalized data about events in our games.
To store your game progress securely in the cloud.
To provide social experiences like leaderboards, tournaments, gifts, user ratings, user comments.
To show you ads and deliver content for free.
WHAT KIND OF DATA DO WE COLLECT?
Data that we collect and provide to our partners might include:
Unique advertising identifiers (Google Advertising ID, IDFA).
Unique device identifiers.
Anonymized IP address.
Additionally, "Creatures of the Deep" may store data in our databases. Those databases are used to provide social features like leaderboards, tournaments, user ratings, user comments, or to save your game progress in the cloud. Data that we may store in our databases, but do not pass to any of our partners, might include:
Gamer ID (Android).
Game Center ID (iOS).
ANALYTICS
"Creatures of the Deep" uses analytics (usage data) to understand how users engage with our apps and how to improve the overall experience. The information gathered includes the device type, the session length, interactions with various user interface elements in the game. The analytics partners that we work with are:
Unity Analytics:
https://unity.com/solutions/analytics
Our partners have their own privacy policies - please visit their websites to find more information.
ADVERTISING
"Creatures of the Deep" shows ads to provide content free of charge. When launched on your device, the game will automatically send certain information to our advertising partners. That information may include the name of the app, the device type, and the advertising ID. The list of our advertising partners for Crazy Dino Park may include:
UnityAds:
https://unity3d.com/unity/features/ads
https://www.facebook.com/business/products/audience-network
Our partners may personalize the ads to provide the content that is more interesting to you. Our partners have their own privacy policies - please visit their websites to find more information.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to send any personal data to us. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
HOW TO GET YOUR DATA REMOVED
If you'd like to get all of your data removed, please contact us at support@idreams.pl
OWNER AND DATA CONTROLLER
Address: Infinite Dreams sp. z o.o., ul. Bojkowska 45, 44-100 Gliwice, Poland
Contact: support@idreams.pl