Privacy Policy
Last modified: July 26, 2023
Introduction
Educational Concepts, L.L.C. d/b/a VetMedux (“we”, “us”, “our”, “VetMedux” or “Company”) is committed to protecting your privacy through our compliance with this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”).
This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our websites,
www.cliniciansbrief.com
,
www.plumbs.com
,
app.plumbs.com
,
www.vetmedux.com
, and any other website that links to this Policy (collectively, the “Websites”), or when you download, install, register with, access, or use any Plumb’s mobile application (the “App”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Policy applies to information we collect:
On the Websites.
Through the App.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and VetMedux.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website or mobile application operated by us or any third party; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including third party advertising, seminars or presentations) that may link to or be accessible from the Websites or App.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Websites or App. By accessing or using the Websites or App, you agree to this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time as outlined below in the section entitled, “Changes to Our Privacy Policy”. Your continued use of the Websites or App after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
The Websites and App are not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Websites or App. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on the Websites or App. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@vetmedux.com.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of the Websites and App, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number (“personal information”);
That is about you but individually does not identify you; or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Websites or App, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Websites or App. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through the Websites or App may include:
Information you provide to us while using the Websites or App. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the Websites or App, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with the Websites or App.
While we do not directly collect your payment information (
e.g
., credit card number, expiration date), we do use a third party service provider to process payments in connection with the services.  Our payment processor will collect your payment information in connection with your purchases.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through the Websites or App and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through the Websites or App.
Your search queries on the Websites or App.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Websites or App, or transmitted to other users of the Websites or App, or transmitted to third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Websites or App with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with the Websites or App, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to the Websites and use of our App, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites or App.
Information related to your use of the Websites and App, including actions you take in your account. We may also collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Websites and App, including how many individuals visit a specific page on the Websites or App, how long a visitor stays on such page, and the hyperlinks visitors click.
Information from and about the devices you use to access the Websites and App, such as information about your computer, mobile device, and internet connection (including your IP address, MAC address, operating system, and browser type), the web page you visited before coming to Websites or App, and other identifiers associated with your devices.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Web Beacons. Pages of the Websites and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Websites. Additionally, some cookies are essential to enable you to navigate the Websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of the Websites or areas with paid content. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Websites. For further information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Third-Party Use of Cookies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Websites are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Websites. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.  Google Analytics, for example, uses cookies to track your interactions with the Websites and App.  Google collects information and reports it to us, without identifying individual users. This information helps us improve the Websites and App so that we can better serve users.  For more information on Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see the section entitled “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information”.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To administer, promote, and provide the Websites and App to you.
To personalize content on the Websites and App for you.
To enable your use of the Websites and App.
To improve, modify, and enhance the Websites and App.
To protect the Websites and App, as well as other users of the Websites and App.
To detect abuse in the use of the Websites and App and to identify and troubleshoot any bugs or other issues with the Websites and App.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your orders, including notices about the expiration and renewal of your accounts and subscriptions.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to the Websites and App, or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
To conduct internal business analysis of VetMedux or its affiliates, or any other business purposes.
To send you communications, including marketing communications and updates regarding your orders.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on the Websites or App.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you and deliver advertisements about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please email us at privacy@vetmedux.com. For more information, see the section entitled “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information”.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences, which may include you or other users of the Websites and App. If you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, specific content on the Websites or meet demographic criteria, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Finally, we may use the information we collect to create aggregate information that does not identify any individual (“Aggregated Information”).  We may use this Aggregated Information for research, analytics, improving our Websites and App and for any other legally permissible purposes.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose Aggregated Information about our users and any other information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose information that we collect or that you provide as described in this Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote the Websites and App (for example, providers of customer support and IT services, our payment processor, third parties that assist us in our marketing efforts,
etc
.).
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which information about the Website/App users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your information:
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Acceptable Use Policies  (Clinician’s Brief AuP, Plumb’s  AuP)
https://www.cliniciansbrief.com/acceptable-use-policy
https://plumbs.com/acceptable-use-policy
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
When we have your permission to do so or where the disclosure is necessary for the purpose for which the information was obtained.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company and Others. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@vetmedux.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.  Please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices.com
for additional information regarding such rights and how to exercise them.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
In some circumstances, the Websites and App may provide you with the ability to review and change your information by logging in and visiting your account profile page.   If you delete your User Contributions from the Website or App, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website or App users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Websites and App, including User Contributions, is governed by our acceptable use policies:
https://www.cliniciansbrief.com/acceptable-use-policy
https://plumbs.com/acceptable-use-policy
California Do Not Track Disclosure
At this time, we do not respond to browser ‘Do Not Track’ signals.
California’s “Shine the Light” Law
California’s “Shine the Light” law (California Civil Code § 1798.83) permits users of the Websites or App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at privacy@vetmedux.com.
International Users
The Websites and App are intended for individuals located in the United States.  If you are located outside of the United States and access the Websites or App, or submit your information to us, you do so at your own risk and choice.  United States law may not offer the same privacy protections as the law of your jurisdiction.  If you visit the Websites, use the App or contact us from outside of the United States, please be advised that (i) any information you provide to us or that we automatically collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States; and (ii) by using the Websites or App or submitting information to us, you explicitly authorize its transfer to and subsequent processing in the United States in accordance with this Policy and United States law.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our Websites or through the App.  Any transmission of information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites or App.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to this Policy on this page with a notice that the Policy has been updated on the Websites’ home page. The date the Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Websites and this Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Data Protection Officer
Educational Concepts, LLC
2524 N Broadway, Ste 554 PMB 607255
Edmond, OK 73034-4172
Email: privacy@instinct.vet
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps