The content of this article:
What information do you need to provide
Why do I need your personal information
How does XT protect your Personal information
How do I set my personal information
Declaration
Privacy Issues and questions
XT understands the importance of users’ personal information, complies with relevant laws and regulations such as the “Personal Information Protection Law”, and always respects and protects the security of users’ personal information. We will collect, store, maintain and use your personal information so that we can provide better access to utility programs or services. Therefore, XT.com discloses how we use and store your personal information to ensure security through our privacy terms.
1. What information do you need to provide
It is regarded that you agree to us to collect your personal information upon your registration, trade or use of our services, that is, we have obtained your permission. XT.com will not use fraudulent or improper means to collect your personal information apart from it, and will not ask you to provide relevant information beyond the scope of terms. The main purpose to collect your personal information is to facilitate communication with you and provide better services. The personal information collected may include: name, contact information, email address, country and region information, social media account, transaction information, the copy of your identification information, ID number issued by government, passport number, any information related to your device or internet service (such as IP address and MAC number), and in case of special services may require you to provide a bank account and other related information.
2. Why do I need your personal information
Your personal information will be used to:
2.1 Collect in the XT.com transaction process, and we will process the personal information you provide to us;
2.2 Verify and confirm the real information to avoid fraudulent behavior of relevant users; 2.3 Verify as legitimate citizen since we have adopted international standards to prevent money laundering and other improper activities;
2.4 Inform you of the revision to relevant terms and policies;
2.5 Communicate timely in case of emergency;
2.6 Follow the requirements of relevant departments and institutions in national government;
2.7 Support customized service for user;
2.8 Facilitate communication with XT.com to instantly enjoy relevant services and win prizes during the event;
2.9 Meet the requirement of relevant laws and regulations;
2.10 Analyze the operation of XT.com to provide better function and product.
3.How does XT protect your Personal information
XT.com will not use your personal information for other purposes, sell or disclose information to any third party (except third-party security partners related to service) without your permission; XT.com will decentralize your personal information to ensure your information is safely stored in case of the risk of loss, damage, tampering or leakage, etc.; XT.com encrypts, stores and manages your information with SSL technology, and only you can use and modify it, unauthorized person will be restricted from accessing your information; in addition, the internal autonomy of XT.com team will protect the security of your personal information from leakage, tampering, etc. to the greatest extent.
In accordance with local laws and legal procedures, if we are required to provide your personal information by the local government or judicial authority in special condition, we will disclose your personal information as required.
4.How do I set my personal information
You can login XT.com to view, add, modify and delete personal information at any time. It may be necessary to contact us by email to change information in special condition. If you do not agree to Privacy Policy, the related services provided by XT.com may be terminated.
5. Declaration
You must read and understand the terms of Privacy Policy in detail to ensure that you have full confidence in our dealing with personal data. Once you login our website, in particular, whether you are registered on the website or not, is indicated that you accept, agree, undertake and confirm:
5.1 You voluntarily consent to disclose personal data to us;
5.2 If we are unable to send information in time, log in or enjoy service due to the wrong information you disclosed to us, we do not assume economic or legal responsibility. You can correct the wrong information in time when you discover the wrong information;
5.3 You comply with all terms and restrictions of this Privacy Policy;
5.4 You agree that we collect your information when your login this website, register this website and/or use the services we provide; you agree to any future revisions to our Privacy Policy by us.
6. Privacy Issues and questions
Your ID and password are kept by yourself. Please keep your password safe at all times and do not disclose to others. If you find your password is leaked, information is abnormal, or have any questions or suggestions about XT.com privacy terms, please contact customer service as soon as possible.
Related articles
User Agreement
XT.com’s AML/KYC POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
How Do I Withdraw Cryptocurrency on XT (WEB & APP)?
Rules and Guidelines for Using Futures Bonus
Why Hasn’t My Deposit Been Credited?