We're sorry but Funny Stickers doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Sticker Makers
HOME
PRIVACY
TERMS
CONTACT
This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the app’s Terms of Service and is deemed to be a consent to be bound by all services that offered by our application. It explains how we protect user’s privacy.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not download, install and use the product, or delete it immediately. By continuing to access or use our services, you are agreeing to be bound by the policy. Please read the following terms carefully before using the application and its services.
Overview
We respect and protect all users’ private privacy; we will never and shall not have the right to disclosure your information to the third parties for any purposes without users’ permission.
Information Collection and Used by Us
Personal Information:
We do not collect any Personal Information (face data, user name, home address, telephone, email address etc).
Automatically Collected Information
Your Device. We collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our services, like a device identifier, user settings, and the operating system, as well as information about your use of our services through your device.
Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on our services. For example, we may collect information about: how you interact with our services.
We Don't Collect Face Data
In order to make it possible for you to use our AI tool to create stickers in our App, we will process (provided by you) human face images through our technologies that will provide us information about such human faces’ position, orientation and their topology on your image. In this way, stickers that contain facial features can be generated automatically.
However, we do not collect, store your face images or share your face images with any third parties.
Please notice that the camera images and resulting data (feature vectors) are only used for the purposes of creating the stickers.
All data is processed locally on your mobile device. We do not retain any of this facial data. Faces are detected right on your device and your images stay secure on your iPhone. While we can detect a face, we can't tell who it is or anything else. All we can determine is where that face is within that picture.
Facial data is never stored to any server.
Permissions We Get
Please allow album permission, this lets you save photos to your camera roll.
Please allow camera permission, this lets you take photos to create your own sticker packs in this app.
Third Party Disclosure
We respect and protect all users’ privacy. We will never and shall not have the right to sell, trade, disclosure or otherwise transfer your information to the third parties for any purposes.
Sharing of Your Information
We will not rent or sell your information into third parties. We cannot control the behavior of other users who share information and privacy with you. We cannot, and will not control the use of your products and other users to share information and privacy, or cannot and will not control these users of information and privacy use and sharing. We are not responsible for any acts of third party to circumvent our security measures.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Copyright © 2025 Top Stickers Maker Apps