Mobi Gamers
Studio
LOADING
Privacy
Policy
Mobi Gamers Studio and its affiliates (“Company” or “we”) respect the privacy of its users (“User” or “you”) and are committed to protect the User’s information, be it yours or your children’s. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding
                    the information we may collect and use when you use our Products (as defined on the Terms of Use) and website (the “Service”).
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing
                    us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites/Apps.
Your consent (important, please read carefully!) By accessing and/or using the Site or the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined
                    below). Please note: if you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the Service.
Kids Apps Privacy Policy
This Kids Apps Privacy Policy is appointed to provide the legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 with guidance regarding our privacy policies that concern collecting, using and disclosing personal information of children under 13.
Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 have certain rights under Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA, http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm), and Mobi Gamers Studio recognizes those rights.
Mobi Gamers Studio does not knowingly and directly collect and store on its servers any personal information from children under the age 13 as that would be a violation of COPPA. Some information may be collected by third party providers of services (advertising
                    networks, etc.) or certain products.
Collection of Information
Non-personal Information: We use third-party services to collect Non-personal and non-identifiable information (“Non-personal Information”). To put it simply, we have no idea what is the identity of the User from which we have collected the Non-personal
                    Information. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information and behavioral information, as detailed below:
Technical information:
We collect information about type of operation system (e.g. Android, Apple etc), Type of Browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.), Screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.), Language (e.g. English) and Device Vender (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.)
Flash version Behavioral information:
We collect information that how user’s interaction with the service, user’s behavior on the service, the amount of pictures user publishes after using the service and any similar behavioral information.
Personal Information:
We collect personal information that you provide directly to us such as at the time of account creation, managing your profile, marketing communication, using any interactive and engaging feature of our service, promotional survey, communication with
                    our customer support team otherwise communicate with us. Your personal information may include your name, email id, password, postal address, photographs, comments and posts on our forum, messages between different users and any other
                    personal and contact information that you may choose to provide.
How do we collect information on our Users?
Non-personal Information is gathered by third-party services while you access the Service. In other words, analytical third-party services are aware of your usage of the Site and the Service, and may collect the information relating to such usage.
Children’s Privacy
(COPPA Complaint): Most of our services are strictly not directed to children under 13 and we don’t direct them to anyone under 13. We abide by the Children’s 
                    Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). If a user gets identified as a child under this prescribed age within the Services, We will not collect, store or use any information of 
                    such user. The Mobi Gamers Studio also does not allow third party partners to access personally identifiable data from users under 13. If Mobi Gamers Studio received personal information 
                    and discovered that was provided by a child under the age of 13, We will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
What are the purposes of the collection of information? We collect Non-personal Information for the following purposes:
Enhance the User’s experience on the Service, including the ability to communicate with our Users through an internal notification mechanism incorporated in the Service.
Learn about the preferences of Users and general trends on the Service through the study of aggregated data and statistics.
Direct Marketing & Advertising
We accept advertisements from third party advertisers. These advertisers are carefully selected to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our Users. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these
                    advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser with which you are interacting
                    before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
Direct Marketing:
You hereby agree that we may send you notifications for the purpose of informing you regarding products and services (offered by the Company and/or by third parties).
Cookies & Local Storage
When you access or use the Service, Company may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” and Flash (or similar technologies), which stores certain information on your computer (“Local Storage”) and which will allow us to enable automatic activation
                    of certain features, and make your Service experience much more convenient and effortless. The cookies used by the Service are created per session, does not include any information about you, other than your session key and are removed
                    as your session ends. It is easy to prohibit the Local Storage. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to
                    erase or disable the Local Storage option in Flash you should use the settings option of Flash according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings
                    of Flash, your online experience may be limited.
We also may use certain third-party cookies (e.g. Google Authentication). These are a different kind of cookies, stored on your computer by third parties, rather than by the Company. This kind of cookie is only read (and not altered by the Service) each
                    time you visit the Service, and also when you visit certain websites or applications that uses similar cookies. Third-party cookies usually store only Non-personal Information, such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of
                    your browsing, etc.
Security
We take a great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However,
                    we do not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
Third Party Software/Service
While using the Service we may be using third party software and/or service, in order to (a) collect and/or process Non-personal information; (b) provide you with advertisements on different products and services; and (c) communicate with you through
                    an internal messaging mechanism incorporated in the Service. Such software may include without limitation, Unity Ads [which privacy policy can be found at:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy]
, Google AdMob [which privacy policy
                    can be found at
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy]
, Chartboost [which privacy policy can be found at
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy]
, Consoli Ads [which privacy policy can be found at
https://www.consoliads.com/privacy-policy/]
and Facebook Ads [which privacy policy can be found at
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy]
.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share Information only in the following cases:
(a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
(b) to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
(c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
(d) to respond to claims that any content published on the Service violates any right of a third-party;
(e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public;
(f) when Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company;
(g) pursuant to your approval, in order to supply certain services you have requested from Company;
(h) to let our partners and affiliates serve you with commercials;
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Service and any information collected therein. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make
                    reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” and your continued use of the Service on or the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
Got any Questions?
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcomed to send us an email to the following address:
[mobigamesstudio@gmail.com]
and we will make an effort
                    to reply within a reasonable timeframe.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 1
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy:
admob.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Earn more revenue with your apps.
You work hard on your app. AdMob makes earning revenue easy with in-app ads, actionable insights, and powerful, easy-to-use tools that grow your app business.
Get started
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
light-bulb icon
Smarter tech, more revenue
As one of the largest global ad networks, the AdMob Network can fill your ad requests from anywhere in the world. Maximize the value of every impression across all your networks with the most advanced monetization technology.
rising-rate icon
High-performing ad formats
Engage and retain your users with our innovative ad formats. Customize the user experience and earn more revenue by integrating native, rewarded, banner, video, and interstitial ads seamlessly into your app.
bar-graph icon
Actionable analytics
Make smarter decisions to grow mobile app earnings and improve customer experience. AdMob’s robust reporting and measurement features deliver deeper insights into how your users are interacting with your mobile app and ads. Gain even richer insights by directly integrating Google Analytics for Firebase with AdMob.
wrench icon
Automated tools
Streamline your day-to-day mediation tasks with our automated tools. Easy to set up and integrate, our tools offer everything from state-of-the-art brand safety controls to advanced monetization technology with mediation and bidding.
Learn more
Get higher revenue for impressions with bidding
Bidding allows your ad sources to bid on each impression in real time. Since all participating networks compete at the same priority, the winner of any impression is the highest-paying bid.
Learn about AdMob bidding
Drive revenue
See how much you could earn from AdMob
To view your potential earnings, select a region and category for your app’s users.
Select a region
Asia and Pacific Countries
Europe, Middle East and Africa
North America
South America
Select a device
Android
iOS
Select a category
Autos & Vehicles
Books & Reference
Business
Communication
Education
Entertainment
Finance
Fitness & Wellness
Food & Drink
Games
Home & Garden
Law & Government
Lifestyle
Medical
Music & Audio
News & Magazines
Personalization
Photo & Video
Productivity
Real Estate
Science
Shopping
Social
Sports & Recreation
Tools
Transportation
Travel
Calculate
Your app users location and content category is set as
Try a different content category
Monthly Active Users
50,000
Your potential annual revenue
This is an estimate and should be only used as a reference.
$
2
,
5
,
0
,
0
,
0
,
0
,
Get started
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
*
There's no guarantee or commitment that you'll earn this amount. Estimates are based on the content category and region and OS you selected. Actual revenue is dependent on many factors such as advertiser demand, user location, user device, content vertical, seasonality, ad size, currency exchange rates, country and specific operating system regulations. Also, due to COVID-19 the effective expected revenue could be less than the one displayed.
Are you a game developer?
Check out AdMob for Games.
earth icon
Everywhere
AdMob helps translate your hard work into earnings from around the world with features like multiple currency support, country-level mediation, and high fill rates.
AdMob helps translate your hard work into earnings from around the world with features like multiple currency support, country-level mediation, and high fill rates.
size icon
Every size
Whether you’re just starting out or you’re well on your way, AdMob can help your business grow with features like mediation groups, in-house campaigns, and direct deal support that scale to your needs.
Whether you’re just starting out or you’re well on your way, AdMob can help your business grow with features like mediation groups, in-house campaigns, and direct deal support that scale to your needs.
category icon
Every category
We know one size doesn’t fit all. That’s why we cater to every app category, from
Games
to Utilities, with ad formats to fit your unique needs.
Talk to an expert
for your personal consultation.
We know one size doesn’t fit all. That’s why we cater to every app category, from
Games
to Utilities, with ad formats to fit your unique needs.
Talk to an expert
for your personal consultation.
81%
of the Android top 1000 use AdMob.
97%
of AdAge 100 world's largest advertisers buy ads on AdMob.
1 million +
apps use AdMob.
1 million +
Google advertisers are on AdMob.
AdMob is able to provide advertiser demand in more than 200 countries for us. We have seen really competitive, consistently high CPMs from AdMob across a variety of formats — from text interstitials to rich media and video.
Mike Evans
,
VP, Digital Marketing
,
SEGA Networks
Getting Started is easy.
Sign up for AdMob and get more from your app today.
Sign up
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
Guide
Rewarded ads: a win for users, developers, and advertisers
Guide
How developers can maximize app revenue with AdMob mediation
Guide
Mobile ads: the key to monetizing gaming apps
1
See more
Sub-policy 3
https://www.consoliads.com/privacy-policy/:
Overview:
ConsoliAds recognises the importance of Privacy for its valued clients. This privacy policy will be redeemed for all the products, applications, services, websites, and joint ventures.
The term “You” is referred to our valued clients, who use ConsoliAds in any reasonable manner, Publishers or Advertisers, ConsoliAds Website Visitors and end users of apps, and “We/Our” is referred to ConsoliAds as an entity.
Elaborated in this notice is the consent to willingly express the access to relevant information. This notice contains the privacy policy with subject to ConsoliAds Ad Network and Ad Mediation Platform. Your use of ConsoliAds and all the personal information that you provide will be accessed through the framework of this privacy policy at all times. To keep things unhidden from our clients, this notice describes the policy which enables ConsoliAds to use and collect information on particular ground rules.
GDPR Compliance and Applicability:
ConsoliAds operates as a Data Controller and all the data collected from users is collected under legal regulations. As per GDPR regulation, we are obliged to data protection of our direct users i.e. Game Publisher and Advertiser.
Non-personalized information or aggregated information is used for providing ad mediation and advertising insights such as:
Publishing i.e. allowing Game Publisher to offer ad inventory and demand side partners (Advertiser) to fill that inventory.
Mediation i.e. allowing Game Publisher to mediate between different ad networks.
Advertising i.e. reporting information about campaign performance to advertiser.
Please visit our
GDPR FAQ page
for more understanding on GDPR compliance.
CCPA (The California Consumer Privacy Act):
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in charge since 1
st
Jan 2020 restricts the business owners from selling personal data of Californian. We at ConsoliAds understand data privacy as need of the hour and accept CCPA as much as we did in the case of GDPR.
Whatever information you share (personal or general) with ConsoliAds is neither sold nor shared with the third party. Still following the CCPA, we have stayed vigilant to give you the right to know your data and its usage.
Transparency while collecting data:
The first and foremost, its consumers right to know for what purpose their data/information is being collected. ConsoliAds already caters it as the Privacy Policy on website details out on what data is collected and up next how it is used. At the same time, ConsoliAds Privacy Policy affirms the non-disclosure of personal information to the third party.
The right to access or get your personal information deleted:
CCPA allows consumers to access up to 12-month-old personal information with the business after verifiably requesting it. Furthermore, even at the time of getting data access, the consumer holds the ultimate right to know the purpose of collecting this information as well. As defined by CCPA, consumer once verified also holds the right to get his/her personal information deleted from businesses. Following that, taking it as one legal demand businesses are not only supposed to delete the data from their end but also ask the associated service providers to do the same. You can ask ConsoliAds to access or delete your personal information after consumer verification as directed by CCPA.
The right to opt-out:
If a consumer wants to forbid business owners from selling their personal information in the first place, CCPA has made it way easier allowing the consumer to opt-out from this. Moreover, consumers won’t require a dedicated account in order to opt-out. Let it be mentioned here once again that ConsoliAds is never into selling any sort of consumer information to third-party.
The right to non-discrimination:
The CCPA is comprehensive, therefore, it has also planned to save the consumers from the aftermath of availing their right to secure or obtain their personal information from businesses. The right to non-discrimination is well taken by ConsoliAds as we never discriminate with those availing CCPA codes. At ConsoliAds, Consumer is never refused services, charged extra or threatened over availing the rights allotted by CCPA.
If you need any further information, contact us at
info@consoliads.com
and give your recommendations and feedback, as we are up to open communication.
WEB PORTAL
Data we collect:
ConsoliAds collects Personal Identifiable Information (PII) from its Publisher, Advertiser or partners that directly use our mediation or advertising platform through our web portal.
As a direct user of ConsoliAds, both demand side and supply side partners are asked to provide personal identifiable information (PII) i.e. name, email address, location, contact information, bank account details/Payment information, credit card number and zip code etc.).
How We Process:
The information of a Publisher or Advertiser (“ConsoliAds Registered Users”) is used to provide ConsoliAds services as well as for communicating with them. All ConsoliAds Registered Users will receive promotional emails and product updates on the registered email address.
However, the users have rights to unsubscribe from emails they receive. At this point, we use the general information of a user i.e. email address, name and company name upon his agreement to use of ConsoliAds.
In addition, the payment information of a registered user is shared with third party payment processors such as PayPal or banks.
MEDIATION
Data we collect:
ConsoliAds mediation does not collect personal data and ensures privacy compliance of the mediation partners/ad networks. The only data collected through mediation from the apps is an aggregated information of usage such as ads requests, ad clicks and installs.
How We Process:
The collected information is used for reporting analytical data to the publishers for a better monetization and improved end user ad experience.
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT (SDK)
Data we collect:
As an End User of an App that utilizes ConsoliAds Services, the type of information we collect includes: geographic location, device identifiers for advertising, operating system version.
Where our SDK is embedded in our Client’s App, which the End User has consented to use, any information received through our SDK shall be governed by the terms entered into between our Client and the End User.
We may also collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as local storage identifiers. These local storage identifiers in no way damage your system or files and we primarily uses these identifiers to optimize our Services and to limit the number of ads you see and deliver more relevant ads to you.
How We Process:
ConsoliAds provides opportunity to advertisers/third parties or servers to make advertisement campaign on ConsoliAds applications, also Cross Promote as well.
The above collected data is used to provide you with more relevant ads and limit the number of advertisements you see.
Disclosure of Information:
As per the ratings with subject to ad inventory or ad serving, advertisers will be given with publisher’s information for them to decide the bid on an ad inventory or serving for particular devices. ConsoliAds does not allow the usage of information by any stakeholder against the laws and regulations.
Non-personal identifiable information will be disclosed with ConsoliAds Clients to make judgements for the best interest of their targets. Non-personal identifiable information might include reports on number of viewed and clicked ads, and types of ads served.
ConsoliAds only shares impersonal information which is only used to identify you to report different trends in the ad market, altogether makes a proper blend for clients to make effective decisions.
We are obligated to confidentiality of information with subject to this privacy policy, at all times.
Make choices
You may reject ConsoliAds from providing identifiable personal information (only), eventually resulting in not making full use of ConsoliAds.
You can disable access to information from your Android and iOS devices. If we are refrained to access information, we might not be able to serve you with relevant ads, as the information necessary to make target based advertisements will be insufficient.
Although ConsoliAds assures information secrecy and safety, protection of your account information will be your responsibility, at all times.
Advertisers bound to COPPA Compliance:
All our advertisers are bound by contract to obey and give compliance with COPPA
(“
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act”)
rules and regulations that may be amended from time to time. As a COPPA law firm, we guide clients through these regulations.
ConsoliAds believes in COPPA, and it does not allow advertisers to advertise to children under 13 years of age. If the advertisement is to be necessarily made, it must be suitable for such ages of children. ConsoliAds do not take responsibility of given advertisements by advertisers, as it is beyond our control.
Note:
ConsoliAds holds the right to remove or add any advertiser. Listing updated ad network partners at all times is the ConsoliAds discretion, it may or may not be the case, at any time.
Confidentiality:
ConsoliAds has implemented all the necessary security measures in order to protect both personal and non-personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. ConsoliAds is also very careful about user sensitive information and data from vulnerabilities attacks and keep secure as well.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
To continue using ConsoliAds, its users are bound to the revised Privacy Policy. ConsoliAds may update the privacy policy from time to time and as required.
The latest version of Privacy policy is updated in accordance with GDPR compliance. According to this, the latest Privacy Policy is transparent, precise, clear and simplified for its users. ConsoliAds will send a prior notification to all its users before making any changes in Privacy Policy in future.
The changes in Privacy Policies are subject to legal regulation and updated laws that control user data protection and privacy.
Didn’t Find What
You Were Looking For?
Contact Us