You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Funker530
INTRODUCTION
This Website (“Platform”) and its contents are owned by Funker530 ("we," "us," or "our"), along with third-party vendors contracted by us to run and maintain the functionality of our Platform. We are committed to protecting the privacy of those use our Platform.
This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how we use it, and your options as you interact with the Platform. By using this Platform, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Please read the following carefully before using the Platform.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that we do not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by us. If you visit another website outside of our Platform (whether recommended, referenced, or linked), we strongly encourage you to review that website’s privacy policy before providing that website your information. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Platform.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our Platform, you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of information as described in this Privacy Policy. By providing us with an email address when you create an account and/or subscribe to our premium community, request to be contacted, and/or make a purchase in the online store, you agree that we may use that email address to communicate with you about our Platform and select messages from our partners or affiliates.
NOTE: Opt-out options are discussed in the section entitled “Third-Party Vendors and Ways to Opt Out”.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
You may use our Platform without providing any personal information. When you reply to any of our communications with a request, we may need to collect additional information. For example, you may be asked to provide personal identifiable information (PII), such as first and last name, email address, phone number, and shipping or billing address.
If you submit any personal information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By submitting personal information, you grant us the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the Platform.
We, along with contracted third-party vendors and advertisers, may also collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies and web beacons. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag, or clear graphics interchange format (GIF), is used to transmit information about actions of the user opening the page or email containing the beacon back to a web server. Certain features of the Platform may use local shared objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and how you interact with the Platform. We may also use third-party analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics) that separately stores and collects information about use of the Platform and user traffic. The information we may collect by automated means may include, without limitation:
Information about the devices you use to access the Platform (such as your computer’s domain name, the IP address and the type of the device, operating system, and web browser).
· Referring and exit pages.
Dates, times, and duration of use of the Platform (including whether you are a repeat or first-time visitor).
Information on actions taken when using the Platform (e.g., clickstream data, such as page views and navigation patterns).
This information helps us to improve and personalize our Platform, focus our marketing efforts more precisely, and helps us identify and authenticate users.
HOW WE USE THIS INFORMATION
You have the right to choose whether to disclose PII to us. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, PII is information that can be used to identify you such as:
Your first and last name, email address, phone number, billing address, and shipping address.
Your user ID and password.
Any account-preference information you provide.
Your computer's domain name and IP address, indicating where your computer is located on the Internet.
Session data for your login session so that our Platform systems can 'talk' to your computer while you are logged in or actively using the Platform.
The PII you provide us may be used to:
Process and fulfill online transations and/or requests.
Respond to customer service inquiries, questions, and requests to improve customer service.
Personalize your experience on the Platform and inform you about products/services in which you have indicated an interest.
Tailor digital advertisements on third-party websites based on your interactions on our Platform.
Improve our Platform functionality, performance, and offerings.
Provide aggregated statistical information, in a way that your identity cannot be determined.
Comply with a legal request, such as a subpoena or search warrant.
Respond to an external auditor that has agreed to keep the information confidential.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service.
Protect the rights, safety, or property of our Platform, its users, or others, such as during the exchange of information with other organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and/or risk reduction.
Administer a promotion, survey, or other Platform feature.
Communicate with you about changes to our Privacy Policy, promotions, and/or support.
THIRD-PARTY VENDORS AND WAYS TO OPT-OUT
By providing your PII to us, either directly or through a reseller or other business partner, we will:
Not sell or rent it to a third-party without your permission. Unless you opt-out by sending us an email at admin@funker530.com, we may use your contact information to provide you with information we believe you need to know or may find useful, such as news about our Platform and products and modifications to the Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy.
Take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
In the course of our business, we may share information with third-parties, including as required by law or in order to provide the services requested. We engage reputable third-party vendors to help us manage this Platform, provide content and information, and interact better with our customers.
Although we do not control how third-parties collect or use your information to serve interest-based advertising or other targeted content, a number of these third-parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
ACCESSING AND CHANGING YOUR INFORMATION
You may send us an email at admin@funker530.com to request access to, correct, and/or delete any personal information and/or consent to process your PII that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personal information if we believe the change or deletion would violate any law or legal requirement, cause the information to be incorrect, and/or cause performance degredation to the Platform.
YOUR PRIVACY RESPONSIBILITIES AND RIGHTS
To help protect your privacy, be sure:
Not to share your user ID or password with anyone else.
To log off our Platform when you are finished.
To take customary precautions to guard against "malware" (viruses, Trojan horses, bots, etc.) by installing and updating your laptop and mobile devices with suitable anti-virus software.
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have rights to:
Access and update your personal information.
Request the deletion of your personal information.
Opt-out of marketing communications.
File a complaint with regulatory authorities.
To exercise your rights, please contact us at admin@funker530.com.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Platform is not directed towards, nor do we knowingly collect or solicit personal information from, children under the age of 13 in the United States or under the age of 16 in Canada (“Underage Child”). We strongly encourage parents and guardians to:
Observe, participate in, and monitor their Underage Child’s online activity.
Contact us immediately if you believe we have inadvertently collected personal information from an Underage Child without proper consent.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from an Underage Child, we will delete that information. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to request the deletion of personal information about an Underage Child, please contact us at admin@funker530.com.
COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS
This Privacy Policy adheres to:
Canadian Laws: Including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).
United States Laws: Including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and relevant state regulations.
We strive to meet all applicable privacy and data protection requirements.
NOTICE TO USERS IN THE EUROPEAN UNION
Currently, our operations and customers are located primarily in Canada and the United States. This Privacy Policy does not apply to users who are in the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA), as they are subject to different data protection laws and regulations. If you are an EU or EEA user, please do not use this Platform or provide any personal information to us.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make a material change to our Privacy Policy, we will provide notice by posting on our Platform that our Privacy Policy has changed along with the relevant changes.
In the event we make a material change to how we use your PII, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of such new or different use. The effective date of this Privacy Policy the the last date it was last updated is at the top of this page. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to check for any updates or changes.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or how personal information is used, email us at admin@funker530.com.