Privacy
The privacy policy you agree to by using Obsidian apps and services.
Last updated November 1, 2023
Summary
We prioritize your privacy by giving you full control over your data. Here's how we handle your privacy based on how you interact with Obsidian.
Obsidian apps for desktop and mobile devices
All data is saved locally on your device and is never sent to our servers.
We do not collect any personal data.
We do not collect any telemetry data.
Obsidian may connect to the internet to check for updates, but you can disable this in Settings → About.
Obsidian connects to the internet when you browse and install plugins and themes or access embedded websites (e.g. iframes in notes).
Third-party plugins and themes listed in our directory must adhere to
Developer policies
which state that capturing client-side telemetry data is prohibited, and that network usage must be clearly disclosed.
Obsidian Sync and Publish
If you use Obsidian Sync and/or Obsidian Publish, we store your data to provide the service.
With Obsidian Sync, your data, including file names, is end-to-end encrypted.
Read more about Obsidian Sync privacy
.
If your Sync or Publish subscription expires, your data remains stored on our servers for one month, then deleted permanently. If you cancel the subscription yourself, your data is deleted immediately. Any local vaults on your devices are unaffected.
Obsidian account
To purchase Obsidian products and services, you need to provide an email address.
We don't share your email with third parties, except payment processors (Stripe, WeChat, Alipay, PayPal).
We only send payment receipts and important product updates to your email.
You may choose to delete your Obsidian account at any time using the account dashboard, which will permanently delete your account, licenses, and subscriptions.
Community
Signing up for the Obsidian forum requires an email address, which we don't share with third parties.
Joining our Discord server requires a Discord account. Please refer to
Discord's privacy policy
for details.
Privacy Policy
Last updated December 11, 2020
Obsidian Policy on Privacy of Customer Personal Information
Dynalist is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information obtained by reason of your use of OBSIDIAN. This policy explains the types of customer personal information we collect, how it is used, and the steps we take to ensure your personal information is handled appropriately.
Our policies and practices have been designed to comply with the
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
(Canada) and corresponding provincial privacy acts.
Who is Dynalist?
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Dynalist
” means Dynalist Inc., the company developing and providing OBSIDIAN and related websites and services.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information that refers to an individual specifically and is recorded in any form. Personal information includes such things as age, income, date of birth, ethnic origin and credit records. Information about individuals contained in the following documents is not considered personal information:
public telephone directories, where the subscriber can refuse to be listed
professional and business directories available to the public
public registries and court records
other publicly available printed and electronic publications
We are accountable to you
Dynalist is responsible for all personal information under its control. Our team is accountable for compliance with these privacy and security principles.
We let you know why we collect and use your personal information and get your consent
Dynalist identifies the purpose for which your personal information is collected and will be used or disclosed. If that purpose is not listed below we will do this before or at the time the information is actually being collected. You will be deemed to consent to our use of your personal information for the purpose of:
communicating with you generally
processing your purchases
processing and keeping track of transactions and reporting back to you
protecting against fraud or error
providing product and services requested by you
recommending products and services that Dynalist believes will be of interest and provide value to you
performing statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics, in order to measure interest in and use of the various sections of this site so as to improve design and navigation and to gather marketing information. Only aggregated data from these analyses, not individual data, will be used for this purpose
complying with legal and governmental requirements
fulfilling any other purpose that would be reasonably apparent to the average person at the time we collect it from you
Otherwise, Dynalist will obtain your express consent (by verbal, written or electronic agreement) to collect, use or disclose your personal information. You can change your consent preferences at any time by contacting Dynalist (please refer to the “How to contact us” section below).
We limit collection of your personal information
Dynalist collects only the information required to provide products and services to you. Dynalist will collect personal information only by clear, fair and lawful means.
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Dynalist does not receive or store personal content saved to your local device while using Obsidian.
We also receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Obsidian.md.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser, to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as keeping you logged in to your Obsidian account.
The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information, such as browser type, version and timezone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie numbers; products you viewed or searched for; and the telephone number used to call our customer service number. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
We limit disclosure and retention of your personal information
Dynalist does not disclose personal information to any organization or person for any reason except the following:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. We may use service providers located outside of Canada, and, if applicable, your personal information may be processed and stored in other countries and therefore may be subject to disclosure under the laws of those countries.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Dynalist or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information of course will be one of the transferred assets.
You are deemed to consent to disclosure of your personal information for those purposes. If your personal information is shared with third parties, those third parties are bound by appropriate agreements with Dynalist to secure and protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Dynalist retains your personal information only as long as it is required for our business relationship or as required by federal and provincial laws.
We keep your personal information up to date and accurate
Dynalist keeps your personal information up to date, accurate and relevant for its intended use.
You may request access to the personal information we have on record in order to review and amend the information, as appropriate. In circumstances where your personal information has been provided by a third party, we will refer you to that party (e.g. credit bureaus). To access your personal information, refer to the “How to contact us” section below.
The security of your personal information is a priority for Dynalist
We take steps to safeguard your personal information, regardless of the format in which it is held, including:
physical security measures such as restricted access facilities and locked filing cabinets
electronic security measures for computerized personal information such as password protection, database encryption and personal identification numbers. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using “Transport Layer Security” (TLS) protocol.
organizational processes such as limiting access to your personal information to a selected group of individuals
contractual obligations with third parties who need access to your personal information requiring them to protect and secure your personal information
It’s important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer. Be sure to sign off when you’ve finished using any shared computer.
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
Our site may include third-party advertising and links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites.
These third-party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called “ad networks” or “network advertisers”), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection. You can access the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org.
We are open about our privacy and security policy
We are committed to providing you with understandable and easily available information about our policy and practices related to management of your personal information. This policy and any related information is available at all times on our website, www.obsidian.md under Privacy or on request. To contact us, refer to the “How to contact us” section below.
We provide access to your personal information stored by Dynalist
You can request access to your personal information stored by Dynalist. To contact us, refer to the “How to contact us” section below. Upon receiving such a request, Dynalist will:
inform you about what type of personal information we have on record or in our control, how it is used and to whom it may have been disclosed
provide you with access to your information so you can review and verify the accuracy and completeness and request changes to the information
make any necessary updates to your personal information
We respond to your questions, concerns and complaints about privacy
Dynalist responds in a timely manner to your questions, concerns and complaints about the privacy of your personal information and our privacy policies and procedures.
How to contact us
by email at support@obsidian.md.
Our business changes constantly, and this privacy notice will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. We are, however, committed to protecting your information and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Version history
May 30, 2023
: Consolidated summary and privacy policy. Simplified summary copy and switched bullet format for better readability. Added description of developer policies for third party plugins and themes.
February 3, 2023
: Updated summary to make it more clear how we handle your privacy depending on how you use	Obsidian.
December 11, 2020
: First version.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://help.obsidian.md/Obsidian+Sync/Security+and+privacy:
Obsidian Help
Getting started
Import notes
User interface
Editing and formatting
Linking notes and files
Files and folders
Plugins
Obsidian Publish
Obsidian Sync
Introduction to Obsidian Sync
Local and remote vaults
Set up Obsidian Sync
Switch to Obsidian Sync
Migrate a Sync vault
Sync settings and selective syncing
Version history
Status icon and messages
Plans and storage limits
Security and privacy
Collaborate on a shared vault
Troubleshoot Obsidian Sync
Frequently asked questions
Obsidian Web Clipper
Extending Obsidian
Contributing to Obsidian
Licenses and payment
Teams
Obsidian
Help and support
Home
aliases
:
-
Security/privacy for Obsidian Sync
-
Access control for Obsidian Sync
description
:
Learn about the security and privacy considerations for Obsidian Sync.
mobile
:
false
permalink
:
sync/security
publish
:
true
Encryption
For your safety,
Obsidian Sync
encrypts your
remote vault
and all communication with Obsidian's servers.
When you create a new remote vault, you have two options:
End-to-end encryption (default)
offers the strongest security but requires you to safely store your encryption password. This guarantees that no one — not even the Obsidian team — can access your notes.
Standard encryption
uses an encryption key managed by Obsidian to protect your data in transit and on our server.
We recommend end-to-end encryption for all users as it is the most private and secure option. However, be aware that if you forget or lose your encryption password, your data remains encrypted and unusable forever. We're not able to recover your password, or any encrypted data for you.
Your choice only affects your remote vault. Obsidian doesn't encrypt your local vault.
What does end-to-end encryption mean?
End-to-end encryption means that the data is encrypted from the moment it leaves your device, and can only be decrypted using your encryption key once it's back on one of your devices.
We can't read your data. Neither can any potential eavesdroppers, such as your internet service provider.
In the rare case of a complete server breach, your data remains encrypted—no one can decrypt your files without knowing your password.
What are the risks of using standard encryption?
Standard encryption is fundamentally less secure than end-to-end encryption, but it can be a convenient option if you do not expect the data you are syncing to be completely private. For example, if your synced vault is
published
to a public website like this Help site, then end-to-end encryption is not necessary.
Standard encryption is the same method of encryption used by cloud storage companies and software-as-a-service platforms, such as Google Docs, Dropbox, and iCloud (without Advanced Data Protection). Your encryption key is generated by the app and used to protect your data in transit and on the server. Because the encryption key is stored on company servers, it can be used to decrypt your data, e.g. in a case where the company is subject to a search warrant, or in a case where you want to access your data via a web browser.
End-to-end encryption guarantees that Obsidian can never access your data and should always be used to sync data that you wish to remain completely private and secure.
What encryption do you use?
For data security, we implement industry-standard encryption protocols. Specifically, we use
AES-256
, the strongest encryption standard, widely employed in contexts such as online banking. The encryption process involves the following technical details:
Key derivation function:
scrypt
with salt
Encryption algorithm:
AES-256 using
Galois/Counter Mode (GCM)
Can I verify that my data is end-to-end encrypted?
Yes. See our guide,
how to verify Obsidian Sync's end-to-end encryption
. This guide provide step-by-step instructions for you to trustlessly verify the end-to-end encryption of your data when it is sent and received via Sync servers.
Has Obsidian completed a third-party security audit?
Yes. Obsidian has been independently audited. Visit our
Security page
to view audit reports. Regular audits by third-party security firms ensure that Obsidian code and procedures meet the highest security standards.
What happens if I forget my encryption password?
If you ever lose or forget the encryption password, you won't be able to connect additional vaults to your remote vault. Since the encryption password isn't saved anywhere, it's forever lost.
Your data, however, is usually safely stored locally on each of your devices.
To continue using Obsidian Sync, we suggest doing a full re-setup to be able to add new devices to your Sync system:
Make a full vault backup on your primary device, just in case something goes wrong. This can be as simple as making a copy of the vault folder, or creating a zip file from the vault.
Disconnect the remote vault in each of your devices. This can be done by going to
Settings → Sync → Pick remote vault → Disconnect
.
Create a new remote vault
on your primary device from the same Settings page. Optionally, you can delete the previous remote vault since you don't have the password for it anyway. (You may have to delete the previous remote vault if you are at the
vault limit
)
Wait for your primary device to sync. Watch the sync indicator at the bottom right of the screen until it displays a green checkmark.
Connect each of your device to the same newly created remote vault. When connecting, you will be shown a warning about vault merging, this is expected and you can proceed. Wait for each device to fully sync before moving onto the next. This reduces the chances of issues.
Now all your devices should be connected to the new remote vault.
Hosting
Where do you host the servers for Obsidian Sync?
Our data centers, powered by
DigitalOcean
, provide geo-regional remote vault hosting options in the following locations:
Sync geo-regions
Automatic
: Your data center is chosen based on your IP location.
Asia
: Singapore
Europe
: Frankfurt, Germany
North America
: San Francisco, USA
Oceania
: Sydney, Australia
Where can I find my current Sync server and where is it hosted?
To locate your Obsidian Sync server, follow these steps:
Go to
Settings
→
Sync
→
Copy Debug Info
.
Paste the copied information into a note or file.
Look for a line similar to this:
Host server: wss://sync-xx.obsidian.md
This line indicates the server where your remote vault is hosted. For more details on the server's locations and uptime, visit our
status page
.
Network and access
Managing access to Obsidian Sync on your network
To regulate access to Obsidian Sync on your network, you need to manage the following domains:
sync-xx.obsidian.md
The
xx
in this case represents a number ranging from
1 - 100
.
If your firewall system supports it, we recommend whitelisting
sync-*.obsidian.md
to account for the continuous growth in subdomain numbers.
Security and privacy
Not found
This page does not exist
Encryption
What does end-to-end encryption mean?
What are the risks of using standard encryption?
What encryption do you use?
Can I verify that my data is end-to-end encrypted?
Has Obsidian completed a third-party security audit?
What happens if I forget my encryption password?
Hosting
Where do you host the servers for Obsidian Sync?
Where can I find my current Sync server and where is it hosted?
Network and access
Managing access to Obsidian Sync on your network
Sub-policy 1
https://discord.com/privacy:
Archived Versions
Discord Privacy Policy
Effective: April 15, 2024
Last Updated: March 15, 2024
1.
Welcome!
2.
Discord is the best place to talk, hang out and have fun with friends online
3.
The information we collect
•
Information you provide to us
•
Information we collect automatically
•
Information we receive from other sources
4.
How we use your information
5.
How we disclose your information
•
•
•
6.
Data retention
7.
How we protect your information
8.
How to control your privacy
9.
International data transfers
10.
Services offered by third parties
11.
Data Protection Officer
12.
Information about local privacy laws
13.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
14.
Contact us
15.
16.
17.
Welcome!
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, store, protect, and share your personal information through our services. If you reside in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or United Kingdom, Discord Netherlands BV is the “data controller” of your personal information collected through the services (as defined in our
Terms of Service
). For everyone else, Discord Inc. is the data controller. It’s important that you read this entire policy, but here’s a summary to get you started:
We care a lot about privacy
. We are committed to creating spaces where people can talk, hang out and have fun with friends online. Respecting user privacy is a key part of
that mission
.
We don’t sell your personal information
. Our business is based on subscriptions and paid products, not from selling your personal information to third parties.
We limit what information is required
. We require the information that enables us to create your account, provide and maintain our services, meet our commitments to our users, and satisfy our legal requirements. The rest is optional.
We care deeply about safety
. Our dedicated Trust and Safety team works hard to help keep our community safe. We also use certain information to help us identify violations of our Community Guidelines and prevent harmful content from being distributed through the services.
We give you control
. We give you the ability to control your privacy on Discord.
Discord is the best place to talk, hang out and have fun with friends online
We created Discord to be the best place to talk, hang out and have fun with friends online. Whether you’re part of a club, gaming group, or just a handful of friends that want to spend time together, Discord makes it easy to connect with friends.
Our “services” has the same meaning as defined in the
Terms of Service
. They include the Discord app, which can be accessed on mobile, web, desktop, console, or even a connected home appliance—any device with a web browser and internet connection. We also have a website, blog, and support center, and we may collect your information through other means like surveys, emails, and social media. If we build another product, our services include that too.
As explained in our
Terms of Service
, we allow users to add content to the services in a number of different ways, including via direct messages and in smaller and larger spaces. If you share content within larger spaces, that content may be accessed by many people, including people you do not know. For example, some servers are available in the Server Discovery section of the app and do not require an invite link to join. Other server owners may publish their server invite link on public websites. Anyone can access these servers, and you should be aware that server owners or admins set these permissions, and like the size of a server, the permissions may change over time.
We may also use content posted in larger spaces to help us develop, improve and power our services, including features that help you catch up on conversations and safety features that identify harmful content on the services and support the enforcement of our
Terms of Service
and
Community Guidelines
. These things are important to us, and we believe they will make Discord even better for our users. We will always try to let you know the type of space you are in (although we don’t control where invite links are shared or the permissions for that server). You can limit the extent to which your content is used for these purposes as described in the “How to control your privacy” section below. You can learn more about our approach to safety and content moderation, including how we use your information for these purposes, in our
Safety Center
. You should take all of this into account when you are using our services, and choose the spaces, features, and settings that are most appropriate for your content.
We make money from paid subscriptions and the sale of digital (and sometimes physical) goods, not from selling your personal information to third parties.
The information we collect
We collect certain information when you use Discord. This includes information you provide to us, information we collect automatically, and information we receive from other sources.
Information you provide to us
Account information
. When you create a Discord account, you can come up with a username and password, and provide a way of contacting you (such as an email address and/or phone number). You’ll also need to provide your birthday. In some cases, we may require additional information to verify your age. You may be required to verify your account or provide additional information (like a verified phone number) to your account. You may also have the option to add your name or choose a display name.
Content you create
. This includes any content that you upload to the service. For example, you may write messages or posts (including drafts), send voice messages, create custom emojis, or post other content that you create with features that we develop. You may also upload and share files through the services. This also includes your profile information and the information you provide when you create servers. We generally do not store the contents of video or voice calls or channels. If we were to change that in the future (for example, to facilitate content moderation), we would disclose that to you in advance. We also don’t store streaming content when you share your screen, but we do retain the thumbnail cover image for the stream for a short period of time. We may build features that help users engage with voice and video content, like create or send short recordings.
Payment information
. If you buy any paid services through Discord, you may need to submit a valid payment method and associated billing information, including your full name and billing address. Our payment processors, like Stripe and PayPal, receive and process your payment information. Depending on the processor, we may also receive and store certain billing information, including the last four digits of the credit card number associated with the transaction. If you sell something through Discord, you may be required to provide additional information to Discord or to our payment processors, such as bank account information to facilitate payments, tax identification information, and copies of government issued identification required to identify users in accordance with regulatory obligations. If we decide to process our own payments in the future, we would receive and process this information ourselves.
Information from actions you take
. We collect information about your use of Discord and your activities on the services. This includes information such as the friends you add, the users, bots, and apps you engage with, the games you play on your device, the servers or other communities you join and participate in, your roles in servers, content moderation decisions you make, information about purchases or sales you make on or through Discord including what you purchased or sold, and other related actions. You can control the extent to which we collect, use, and display this information as described in the “
How to control your privacy
” section below.
Information from optional features
. Certain features, like contact syncing, may require that you provide additional information (or grant us access to such information) to make them work. This also includes third-party integrations you choose to enable and the data you authorize those third-party services to share with us. For example, when you link a music streaming account, we may collect information about that account such as the song you are listening to in order to display that information on your profile or as your status (if you have chosen to do so).
Other information you provide directly to us
. You may have the option to submit additional information as you use Discord. For example, you may participate in surveys where you can provide feedback on the services, or submit information to our Discord Support teams.
Information we collect automatically
We also collect information automatically from you when you use Discord. This includes:
Information about your device
. We collect information about the device you are using to access the services. For example, this includes information like your IP address, operating system information, browser information, and information about your device settings, such as your microphone and/or camera.
Information about your use of the apps or websites
. For example, we collect log and event information related to how and when you use our services (such as the pages, servers, and channels you visit, the activities you engage in, the features you use, and the surfaces or embedded content you interact with).
Other information that we collect automatically
. When you take certain actions on other sites, we may receive information about you. For example, when we advertise for Discord on third party platforms, if you click on the ad, we may receive information about which ad you saw and on which platform. Similarly, we may also receive certain information when you click on a referral link, such as which website you came from.
We may receive information from cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device) and similar technologies. You can find out more about Discord’s cookie usage and how you can manage your cookie permissions in our
Cookie Policy
.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you. For example, if you interact with our social media account on another platform, we may receive certain information about you like your username on that platform.
How we use your information
Under certain data protection laws like GDPR, companies must have a “legal basis”—a valid reason—to process personal information. Discord relies on different legal bases to process your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We use the Information We Collect—
Account information
,
Content you create
,
Payment information
,
Information from actions you take
,
Information used to enable optional features
,
Other information you provide directly to us
,
Information about your device
,
Information about your use of the apps or websites
,
other information that we collect automatically
, and
Information we receive from other sources
—for the following reasons and according to these legal bases. For each reason, we describe why we process your information and how we process your information to achieve each purpose.
‍
To fulfill our contract with you
To provide you with the services
. We use your information to provide you with the Discord services. For example, when you start a video call, we process your images and audio to make that work. We similarly collect and store the messages you send and display them as you direct. We also use the information you provide to us to create and manage your account and to facilitate purchases. When you enable optional features (like connecting your Discord account to other platforms), we use information from those services to power the feature (like displaying what song you are listening to on another service within the Discord app).
To meet our commitments to the Discord community
. We work hard to try to make Discord a safe, positive, and inclusive place. To do so, we use your information to monitor for and take action against users and content that violate our
Terms of Service
,
Community Guidelines
, and
other policies
. This includes responding to user reports, generating transcriptions of content as part of our investigation, detecting fraud and malware, and proactively scanning attachments and other content for illegal or harmful activity. We also use certain information, which may include content reported to us, content that violates our
Terms of Service
, and certain other content widely available on the service (such as public posts, usernames, avatars, banners, user profiles, server names, server icons, and server banners),
to create systems and models
that can be automated to more swiftly detect, categorize, and take action against prohibited content or conduct.
To contact you
. We use your information to contact you in connection with your account, such as to verify or secure it with two-factor authentication. We may also use your information to contact you about important product or policy changes and to send you information about products you have purchased.
To provide customer service
. We use your information to respond to your questions about our products and services, and to investigate bugs or other issues.
For our legitimate business interests
To protect our services
. We use your information to keep our services secure, to prevent misuse, and to enforce our Terms of Service and other policies against users who violate them.
To report on our company’s performance
. We use your information to track the fundamental metrics of our business, to perform financial reporting, to respond to regulatory obligations, and to debug billing issues.
To personalize the product
. We use your information to personalize our services. This information is used to customize your experience on Discord such as what you see on our discovery surfaces (so that you see relevant communities, activities, applications, or content first) or features that highlight activity on Discord that may interest you. This information also helps us surface Discord features and promotions from us and our partners that may be of interest to you. As discussed in the “
How to control your privacy
” section below, you can choose to what extent we will use your personal information to personalize your Discord experience.
To improve our services
. We use your information to help us understand how users interact with our services, what features or products users may want, to develop features that make Discord safer and better to use, or to otherwise understand and improve our services. This includes information about how you use our services and how servers are structured. We may also use certain content that is widely available to better understand, for example, what topics servers cover and what content is most interesting within those servers. Similarly, you can limit to what extent we use your personal information for these purposes.
To advertise our services on Discord and other platforms
. We are proud of the product we've built. We may tell you about our paid services and other features directly in the services and through our own channels, and we spend money advertising Discord on other platforms. As part of that, we use certain information to assist in the delivery of our advertising, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements for our own products, and to improve such advertisements in the future.
To contact you
. We may use your information to let you know about new products or features we think you’ll like, to ask you for feedback about our services, or to tell you about experiments that might interest you. You may opt-out of receiving such marketing communications. Where local law requires, we will obtain your consent before sending such communications.
To comply with our legal obligations
We retain and use your information in connection with potential legal claims when necessary and for compliance, regulatory, and auditing purposes. For example, we retain information where we are required by law or if we are compelled to do so by a court order or regulatory body. Also, when you exercise any of your applicable legal rights to access, amend, or delete your personal information, we may request additional information from you for the purpose of confirming your identity.
‍
With your consent
‍We may also collect and use personal information with your consent, such as to send you marketing communications where legally required. You can revoke your consent at any time (mostly through our services directly), though note that you might not be able to use any service or feature that requires collection or use of that personal information.
‍
To protect someone’s vital interests
We may collect or share personal data if we think someone’s life is in danger—for example, to help resolve an urgent medical situation.
How we disclose your information
When you tell us to
. When you add your content to the services, you are telling us to make that content available to certain people or communities. Who can access that information is determined by who can access a particular space. For servers, those permissions are set by server owners or admins. They control whether a server requires an invite link or is open and accessible to anyone. And these permissions, like the size of the server, may change over time. Similarly, if you link your Discord account with a third-party service (like a music-streaming service or gaming platform), embed content, interact with third party content posted on Discord, or participate in a server that has third-party features like bots enabled, we may provide certain information to that service or to other Discord users to operate that service or feature. Additionally, if you purchase goods or services from other users on Discord, we may disclose certain information to these users in order to facilitate the delivery of the goods or services purchased or help them understand and improve their business. We may also disclose your information as you otherwise instruct us or provide us your consent to do so.
With our vendors
. We may provide information to vendors we hire to carry out specific work for us. This includes payment processors like Stripe and PayPal that process transactions on our behalf and cloud providers like Google that host our data and our services. We may also provide limited information to advertising platforms to help us reach people that we think will like our products and to measure the performance of our ads shown on those platforms. We do this to help bring more users to Discord and make our business successful, and provide only the information required to facilitate these services. This may include information like the fact that you installed our app or registered to use Discord.
To comply with the law
. We may disclose information in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is required by law, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements. Where allowed and feasible, we will attempt to provide you with prior notice before disclosing your information in response to such a request. Our
Transparency Report
has additional information about how we respond to requests from governments and law enforcement entities.
In an emergency
. We may disclose information if we believe in good faith that it's necessary to prevent serious harm to a person.
To enforce our policies and rights
. We may disclose information if needed to enforce our
Terms of Service
,
Community Guidelines
, any of our
other policies
, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others.
With our related companies
. We may provide information to
our related companies
, including parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
Sale, Acquisition, or Transfer of Assets
. We may disclose information if Discord is evaluating and/or engaging in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or sale, transfer, or change in ownership of Discord or any of its assets.
‍
Aggregated or de-identified information
. We may disclose information that has been aggregated or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. For example, we may share aggregated user statistics in order to describe our business, features, or promotions to partners or the public.
Data retention
We retain personal information until we determine it is no longer needed for the processing purposes for which we collected or retain it or for legal compliance. You can learn more about data retention periods in
our data retention policy
.
How we protect your information
We take a number of steps to help protect your information. All information sent within our services is encrypted both in transit and at rest. For example, we use Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) to encrypt text and images in transit. We also enforce technical and administrative access controls to limit which of our employees and contractors have access to nonpublic personal information. You can help maintain the security of your account by
configuring two-factor authentication
.
How to control your privacy
We believe that users should be able to tailor their Discord experience to their preferences, including privacy. And while local laws may require different things, we believe that our users should have at least the same basic ability to shape their experience no matter where they are in the world. Here’s how you can control how we process your information, how to delete or correct certain information, and how to request access to your information. Users in certain places may have specific rights under their local laws. You can learn more about these in the relevant sections below.
‍
Be aware of the Discord spaces you choose to participate in
You can choose what spaces to participate in and what information you add to our services. You can choose what messages to send or post, who to engage with (e.g., one or more particular users or a potentially unlimited group of users), what information to include in your profile, whether to connect any third party services to your Discord account, and more. For example, if you share content in certain spaces, such as servers listed in Server Discovery or with public invite links, your content may be accessed by anyone.
‍
Customize your personal Discord settings
We offer a number of settings that allow you to tailor your experience within Discord. Some of these relate to specific features: for example, you can choose whether to display your current activity (like the game you are playing or the music you are listening to) in your status in your User Settings page (this is the gear icon next to your username).
You can also access other privacy-related settings in your User Settings. For example, you can decide whether to filter potentially explicit content, who can add you as a friend, and more. This is also where you can limit certain types of processing of your information:
Limit our ability to use your data to improve our services
. We offer certain settings that allow you to limit the information we collect to help us understand how users use our services, what features or products they may want, or to otherwise help us improve our business. If you turn off these settings, we will stop collecting and using certain event and log information as described in these settings.
Limit our ability to personalize Discord for you
. We offer certain settings that control whether and how we may personalize Discord for you, such as offering you relevant recommendations for in-app content and features. If these settings are disabled, we will stop collecting and using certain event and log information as described in these settings.
You can learn more about these and other privacy-related settings
in our Help Center
. The default and availability of some of these settings may be different depending on factors like your
age
or location.
Disable or delete your account
You can disable or delete your account via the User Settings menu. Disabling your account stops the processing of new data, but allows you to reactivate your account without interruption to you. Deleting your account permanently deletes identifying information and anonymizes other data as described in
our data retention policy
. You can learn more about how to delete your account in
this Help Center article
and how to disable your account in
this Help Center article
.
Manage your content and servers
You may edit or delete specific pieces of information within the services:
You can edit or delete any message you have sent or content you have posted if you still have access to the space where you posted it.
You can edit or delete a Discord server if you have the permissions needed to do so.
You can edit or delete a channel from a Discord server if you have the permissions needed to do so.
Content may be retained by Discord for use as described elsewhere in this policy and in
our data retention policy
. Also, in limited circumstances, we may have a legal obligation to retain certain information, even if you delete the information or your account.
Access your information
If you want to see what information we have collected about you, you can request a copy of your data in the Privacy & Safety section of your User Settings. You should receive your data packet within 30 days. Data is delivered in common digital formats including CSV, JSON, and any other file format you used when uploading attachments to the services. You can learn more about how to access your information
in our Help Center
.
International data transfers
We are based in the United States, and we process and store information on servers located in the United States. We may also store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers. These data transfers allow us to provide our services to you. By accessing or using our services or otherwise providing information to us, you understand that your information will be processed, transferred, and stored in the U.S. and other countries, where different data protection standards may apply and/or you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.
When transferring data outside the EEA, we use
standard contract clauses
(Module 1 and Module 2), and we rely on the European Commission's
adequacy decisions
about certain countries, as applicable, or other legally compliant mechanisms or conditions for such data transfer.
Discord and its U.S. entities/subsidiaries (Backgammon Merger Sub II, LLC, Brazos Games, LLC, Discord International, Inc, Flames Sub LLC, and Sentropy Technologies Inc.) also comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks, as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If you have questions or complaints regarding our compliance with the Data Privacy Framework principles, please reach out to us at privacy@discord.com. If we do not resolve your complaint, you may submit your complaint free of charge to
JAMS
. Under certain conditions specified by the Data Privacy Framework principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain circumstances, we may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland, or the UK to a third party outside those countries. If there is any conflict between the terms in our privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.
For more information about the Data Privacy Framework principles and to view our certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
Data Privacy Framework site
.
Services offered by third parties
We allow third party developers to build certain features or other services and offer them within the Discord services. For example, server administrators can add “bots” created by third party developers that provide features like content moderation and interactive games. Similarly, you may have access to games or activities built by third parties within the services.
These third-party services need to follow all policies that apply to them (including often our
Developer Terms of Service
and
Developer Policy
). As part of these policies, we require developers to have a privacy policy that makes clear what they do with your information. Please review these privacy policies, as they describe what bots and apps may do with your information. We also require that certain popular bots apply for access to certain data. But because these services are operated by third parties, we don’t control them or what information they collect. It’s up to you whether to participate in a server that uses bots, and whether to engage with third-party services in general.
Data Protection Officer
You can contact Discord Netherlands BV’s Data Protection Officer at
dpo@discord.com
.
We’ve appointed VeraSafe as Discord’s representative in the United Kingdom for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the UK General Data Protection Regulation. See the section “Contact Us” below. You can contact VeraSafe only on matters related to the processing of personal data.
Information about local privacy laws
Certain local laws, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Brazil’s Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), and California’s Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), require services to provide information about the information they collect, how they use it, and the lawful basis for processing it. We’ve described most of that already in the earlier portions of this Policy, but you can find state and region specific information and disclosures
here
.
‍Exercising your rights:
As described in the “
How to control your privacy”
section above, all our users have control over their information and can directly edit or delete information from their account and limit what data we process. If you are located in certain regions, including the European Union, you may have additional rights such as those listed below, and as outlined in the
state and region specific information
and disclosures that you can exercise through the Discord app directly or by contacting us:
Right of access to your personal data
Right to rectify your personal data if it is incorrect
Right to erase your personal data
Right to limit the processing of your personal data
Right to the portability of your personal data
Right to object to the processing of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent. Withdrawing consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal.
If you have any questions about these rights or wish to exercise control over your information, please reach out to privacy@discord.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We always indicate the date the last changes were published, and if changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice as required by law, such as by emailing you or highlighting the changes within the services.
Contact us
Email us at privacy@discord.com with any questions about this Privacy Policy or how we process your information. We’ll be happy to help.
To contact Discord’s Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@discord.com.
You can also reach us by mail if you want. If you reside in the EEA or United Kingdom, you can contact us at:
Discord Netherlands BV
ATTN: Privacy Policy
Schiphol Boulevard 195
1118 BG Schiphol,
Netherlands
If you reside anywhere else, you can contact us at:
Discord Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Policy
444 De Haro Street #200
San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
If you reside in the United Kingdom, you can also contact VeraSafe, Discord’s appointed representative for data protection matters related to the processing of personal data, using this contact form:
https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative
or via telephone at +420 228 881 031. VeraSafe’s mailing address is:
VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd.
37 Albert Embankment
London SE1 7TL United Kingdom