Store
Interface
CarApps
Features
Prices
Discover our policies:
Effective date: March 21, 2021
Oh My Software FZCO ("us", "we", or "our") operates the CarOS® mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
•   Service is the CarOS® mobile application operated by Oh My Software
•   Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
•   Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
•   Email address
•   First name and last name
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
When you share your position with Live Sharing feature, we collect in real time your position to let anyone you allow it, showing your location (you can authorise any person to follow you just by sharing your unique, private link of the current sharing session). When stop sharing your position with the Live Sharing feature, we immediately remove your location data from our servers.
Use of Data
CarOS® uses the collected data for various purposes:
•   To provide and maintain the Service
•   To notify you about changes to our Service
•   To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
•   To provide customer care and support
•   To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
•   To monitor the usage of the Service
•   To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Face Control feature and TrueDepth camera datas
FaceControl is a feature availble on the compatible device who have a TrueDepth camera system. This feature permite to control the playback of the device by doing some movement with the mouth, like making a big smile to switch between Play and Pause of the playback, without touching the device. In order for this functionality to be possible, the app requires access to your device's camera. This access can be toggled on or off at any time in the device's settings. The camera images and resulting depth data are only used for this feature, and can be activated and desactivated at any time inside the app. The live video feed is never used, and its data is never stored locally or remotely. Camera access is required to get depth data from Apple's API's.
The only depth data collected are:
•   Movement of the right and the left corner of the mouth.
Face data is never stored remotely, given to third parties, or used for any non-FaceControl purposes. The face data only remains on your device, and never leaves your device at any time.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Europe and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Europe and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
CarOS® will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
CarOS® may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
•   To comply with a legal obligation
•   To protect and defend the rights or property of CarOS®
•   To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
•   To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
•   To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us by mail: hello@carosapp.com, by phone: 971(0)585612126 or by mail: Oh My Software FZCO, Goldcrest Executive Tower, PO Box 9867, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Last updated: February 20, 2021
These Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") govern your relationship with CarOS® mobile application (the "Service") operated by Oh My Software ("us", "we", or "our").
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using our CarOS® mobile application (the "Service").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
KEY POINTS
The following key points of the Terms are highlighted here for your convenience only. These key points are not made in lieu of the full Terms and their presence in this section does not mean that they are intended to supersede or override any other terms or conditions provided by CarOS.
Road information prevails . The information provided by the Service is not intended to replace the information provided on the road, such as travel direction, time based restrictions, lane restrictions, road blockades, traffic signs, traffic lights, police instructions, etc.
Cautious driving . Always drive vigilantly according to road conditions and in accordance with traffic laws. It is strictly forbidden to send traffic updates (such as updates on road accidents and traffic congestion), or to non-verbally interact with the Service or use the Service in a non-verbal manner for any purpose other than navigation while driving. Traffic updates or non-verbal reports you want to submit to the Service may only be sent after you have stopped your vehicle in an appropriate location permitted by law. Alternatively, such updates may be sent by a passenger other than the driver, provided it does not interfere with the due course of driving and does not distract the driver's attention to the road.
WHAT IS THE SERVICE
The service allows car drivers to access their phone functionnalities like a head-car-unit can provide. In this way, CarOS provide multiple functionnalites throughout a quick and easy to use User Interface while driving and using phone capacities like Siri to execute in app commands or text writing. It allows drivers to use multiple in-apps like Spotify, Phone Calls, Messages, Podcasts, Musics. The Service is provided mainly through the Software.
USING THE SERVICE
You may use the Service solely for private and personal purposes. You may not use the Service commercially. For example, you may not: (i) offer to third parties a service of your own that uses the Service; (ii) resell the Service; (iii) offer to rent or lease the Service; or (iv) offer the Service to the public via communication or integrate it within a service of your own, without the prior written consent of CarOS. For clarity, the examples listed are made for illustrative purposes only; they do not constitute an exhaustive list of restricted activities involving the Service.
You may not, whether yourself or through any other means or person :  copy, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the Content included in the Service and/or Site, or in any way or publicly display, perform, or distribute them; make any use of the Content on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose, or replicate or copy the Content without CarOS® prior written consent; create a browser or border environment around the Content (e.g. no frames or inline linking); interfere with or violate any third party or other user's right to privacy or other rights, including copyrights and any other intellectual property rights of others, or harvest or collect personal information about visitors or users of the Service and/or Site without their express consent, including using any robot, spider, site search or retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, or data-mine;
COMMUNICATIONS
By creating an Account on our Service, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information we may send. However, you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link.
SUBSCRIPTIONS
Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle"). Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or CarOS® cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting CarOS® customer support team.
A valid payment method, including credit card, is required to process the payment for your Subscription. You shall provide CarOS® with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize CarOS® to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments.
Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, CarOS® will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.
FREE TRIAL
CarOS® may, at its sole discretion, offer a Subscription with a free trial for a limited period of time ("Free Trial").
You may be required to enter your billing information in order to sign up for the Free Trial.
If you do enter your billing information when signing up for the Free Trial, you will not be charged by CarOS® until the Free Trial has expired. On the last day of the Free Trial period, unless you cancelled your Subscription, you will be automatically charged the applicable Subscription fees for the type of Subscription you have selected.
At any time and without notice, CarOS® reserves the right to (i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii) cancel such Free Trial offer.
FEE CHANGES
CarOS®, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.
CarOS® will provide you with a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.
REFUNDS
Except when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.
CANCELLATION
You may cancel a subscription during its free trial period via the subscription setting inside the application, under the Settings part of the app. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period.
ACCOUNT CREATION.
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.
CONTENT
Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post to the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content to the Service, you grant us the right and license to use, modify, perform, display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service. You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights.
You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) or you have the right to use it and grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
ACCOUNTS
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
BETA SERVICES
You may be invited or granted access to new and not-yet released features or functionality ("Beta Services"). Beta Services are for evaluation only and are not considered "Services" under this Agreement. We may discontinue Beta Services at any time or may choose to never make them fully available. We will have no harm or damage arising out of or in connection with any Beta Services.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
THESE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY COMPANY ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THEIR SERVICES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS INCLUDED THEREIN. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THESE SERVICES, THEIR CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED FROM US IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE SERVICES, THEIR CONTENT, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by CarOS®.
CarOS® has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that CarOS® shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
TERMINATION
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
Prohibited Uses
You may use Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with Terms. You agree not to use Service:
•   In any way that violates any applicable national or international law or regulation.
•   In any way that violates the road safety rules.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Russian Federation, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
CHANGES
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us by mail: hello@carosapp.com, by phone: 971(0)585612126 or by mail: Oh My Software FZCO, Goldcrest Executive Tower, PO Box 9867, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
THIS WEBSITE
This website ("https://carosapp.com") and all the pages accesible from this url ("https://carosapp.com/*page_name*") are owned and operated by Oh My Software FZCO.
Oh My Software (editor of the CarOS mobile application) is quickly reachable by email, phone or by mail.
E-mail address:
hello@carosapp.com
Phone:
+971 585 612 126
Post address:
Oh My Software FZCO, Goldcrest Executive Tower, PO Box 9867, Dubai, United Arab Emirates