Thank you for visiting our website, TheThaiger.com, which is owned and operated by The Thaiger Pte. Ltd. (“The Thaiger”). The Thaiger takes your privacy extremely seriously. Please read this notice to learn more about The Thaiger’s privacy policy.
Limitations on Privacy Policy
For the purposes of this policy, Personal Information is any information or data about you that is personally identifiable to you, like your name, address, email address, phone number, etc., which are not otherwise publicly available. You will be able to use many of the features of the website without needing to divulge any Personal Information to The Thaiger. There may be instances, however, when you may be required to provide Personal Information to enable us to provide you with the information, data, or services that you have requested. Thus, this policy covers how The Thaiger treats your Personal Information collected or received by or through the website.
This policy only applies to this website. It does not apply to practices of companies or entities that The Thaiger does not own or control, such as the advertisers, service providers, affiliate partners, and the like.
Information Collection and Use
The Thaiger may collect Personal Information when you use the features, information, data, and services of the website. Personal Information may also be collected when you register with The Thaiger’s website, visit or view any of its pages, or apply to any of the services listed on its website.
If and when you register with the website or make requests to The Thaiger, The Thaiger may ask for certain Personal Information, such as, but not limited to, your name, email address, telephone number, date of birth, etc.
The Thaiger’s website may also automatically receive and record information and data from your computer and browser, which are not personally identifiable to you, including but not limited to your IP address, cookies, software and hardware attributes, and the page or website you are accessing. The Thaiger may use this information to customize the content and advertisements that you see, fulfil your requests, improve its services, address your concerns, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients of The Thaiger.
User’s Consent
By checking the appropriate checkbox during the inquiry and submission process, you are consenting to the following forms of data processing:
1. The Thaiger may collect, store and use the personal data and specific personal data which is submitted as part of the inquiry process for the purpose of:
Forwarding such data to the relevant service provider for either a quote or a referral of services provided by the Service Provider;
Providing a service you have registered for on this website;
2. The Thaiger may review, scan, or analyze your communications either on the platform or over email with the chosen Service Provider for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research, and customer support purposes. The Thaiger uses automated methods to review, scan or analyze communications, however, occasionally The Thaiger may need to manually review some communications for fraud investigations and customer support or to assess and improve the functionality of these automated tools.
Should you wish to opt out, you have the right to oppose the collection, processing, and use of such personal data, however, The Thaiger will no longer be able to provide the same services. Simply send an email to
info@thethaiger.com
specifying your name, email address, and phone number, with the subject line: “[First name] [Surname]: Opt-out”.
Cookies
The Thaiger collects and stores anonymous data for optimization and marketing purposes. Cookies and Flash Cookies are alphanumeric identification codes, which The Thaiger transmits to the hard drive of your computer. If you do not want cookies, they can be disabled in the browser. Please be aware of the following:
Cookies and flash cookies are small files that are saved on your hard drive that store specific information about preferred settings and any other data that The Thaiger needs when interacting with browsers. There are two different kinds of cookies: session cookies, which are deleted the moment you end the browser session, and temporary cookies, which are stored on your browser for a longer period of time. Cookies help The Thaiger to tailor our platform to better suit your needs and reflect your preferences and browsing habits. They also allow us to save any information entered so you do not have to enter it all again on your next visit;
It is not necessary to accept cookies to navigate The Thaiger website, however, if you would like to bookmark a Service Provider as a favourite or be reminded of your interested services, you will need to set the browser to accept cookies;
Most cookies used are session cookies, which are deleted at the end of your browser session, however, other cookies will remain on your computer after your browser session has ended. These cookies are used by The Thaiger to recognize returning visitors and to remember their preferred settings, including treatments and locations of interest. These temporary cookies only last about a month, after which they will be automatically deleted. Their purpose is to allow The Thaiger to collect and analyze data to come up with strategies to improve the platform and make the website easier to use;
Cookies used by The Thaiger are never used to store any personal information and cannot be traced back to an individual user. Once a cookie is activated, it is given an ID number, which is solely used for internal referencing and cannot be used to identify you or access any personal information, such as your name or IP address. This anonymous information we receive from the cookies allows us to assess which pages of The Thaiger site are visited the most and see which procedures and clinics are the most and least popular;
The Thaiger website gathers information that could be useful in tailoring adverts according to your preferences. This information is not used to identify you, it is solely used to optimize the platform. Information collected by these cookies is not stored with your personal information or request information, it is only used to provide you with adverts and/or notifications of offers and services that are suited to your individual preferences, using click stream analysis;
The Thaiger uses retargeting to allow us to make the online offer more interesting and relevant to you. Retargeting technology means The Thaiger can advertise recently viewed and related clinics on partners’ websites, meaning adverts, even on other companies’ sites, are relevant to what you would like to see. This kind of information is anonymous, with no personal information being stored and no user profiles.
Google Analytics
The Thaiger uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to us. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
or at
https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Information Sharing and Disclosure
The Thaiger, as the owner and operator of the website, does not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies, except to provide the information, data, or services you have requested, or under the following circumstances:
When The Thaiger provides the information to its trusted partners who work on behalf of or with The Thaiger under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help The Thaiger communicate with you about offers, promos, discounts, etc.
When The Thaiger responds to subpoenas, court orders, or legal processes, or to establish or exercise its legal rights or defend against legal claims.
When The Thaiger believes it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the website’s Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
When the website is acquired by another entity or if The Thaiger is merged with another company. In this event, however, The Thaiger will notify you before information about you is transferred to another entity or company, by emailing you or by posting a notice to this effect on the website.
When you click a link found on the website, which directs you to another site not owned or under the control of The Thaiger, you are deemed to be subject to the privacy and security policies of that site.
When you send The Thaiger an email or complete its online forms, The Thaiger will not share your Personal Information with anyone outside of The Thaiger, subject to the limits of this policy, with the exception of associated Service Providers who provide the service about which you have inquired.
The Thaiger takes proper care to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of your Personal Information, such as but not limited to, the installation of physical, electronic, and procedural methods of security. However, The Thaiger cannot assure you that all Personal Information that it may collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. There may be instances of inadvertent disclosures, which are beyond the control of or not due to the fault or negligence of The Thaiger. As a consequence, The Thaiger disclaims any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or non-disclosure of your Personal Information.
Personal Data Protection Act (2019)
In order to comply with Thailand’s Personal Data Protection Act (2019), The Thaiger confirms that your personal data will be collected and used for its original purpose. You have the following rights in accordance with the PDPA Act.
Access.
You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of your Personal Data or to request the disclosure of the acquisition of the Personal Data obtained without your consent unless it is impossible by technical circumstances.
Objection.
You have the right to object to collection, use or disclosure of Personal Data.
Consent withdrawal.
If you have consented to the collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Data by us, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Delete.
You have the right to ask us to delete, destroy or anonymize your Personal Data, to the extent permitted by the PDPA Act.
Complain.
You have the right to file a complaint with the data protection authorities, in the case where The Thaiger violates or fails to comply with the PDPA Act.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Thaiger may update this policy from time to time. The Thaiger will notify you about significant changes in the way it treats your Personal Information by sending a notice to the primary email address you have specified or by placing a prominent notice on the website.
Concerns
If you have any concerns about The Thaiger’s privacy policy for the website, please send your comments/questions to
info@thethaiger.com
.
Privacy Settings
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support