Sugarfree app
Milestone tracker
Track and celebrate your milestones from 1 day, to 1 week, to 1 month and beyond.
Build new habits
Along with tracking days you are sugar-free, helps you build new habits and provides ongoing motivation with inspirational messages
Track sugar and calories
Easily see how much sugar and calories are in your food by accessing our database of 1M+ foods by searching, scanning or adding your own
Terms and Conditions
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Sugarfree website, mobile applications, and all content, services and products available at or through the website and mobile applications, including, but not limited to, the Sugarfree subscription service, (taken together, "Sugarfree"). SUGARFREE owns, operates, and does business as Sugarfree. Sugarfree is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Sugarfree’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Sugarfree (collectively, the “Agreement”).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using Sugarfree. By accessing or using any part of the website or mobile applications, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access Sugarfree or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Sugarfree, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. Sugarfree is available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old.
1. Your Sugarfree Account
. If you create an account on Sugarfree, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with Sugarfree. You must immediately notify Sugarfree of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Sugarfree will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
2. Responsibility of Contributors.
When You submit data, images, files, and other material to Sugarfree, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of Sugarfree (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
the Content is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and websites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
the Content is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your website’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own; and
you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by Sugarfree or otherwise.
By submitting Content for inclusion in Sugarfree, you grant Sugarfree a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying and distributing your Content on Sugarfree. (Any Content that you submit with always be handled in accordance with the Sugarfree Privacy Policy.) To revoke this license, you may delete your Content from Sugarfree at any time. If you delete Content, Sugarfree will use reasonable efforts to remove it from Sugarfree, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Sugarfree has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Sugarfree’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Sugarfree’s reasonable opinion, violates any Sugarfree policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of Sugarfree to any individual or entity for any reason, in Sugarfree’s sole discretion. Sugarfree will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
4. Payment and Renewal - General Terms.
Paid services are available on Sugarfree (any such services, a “Subscription”). By selecting a Subscription you agree to pay Sugarfree the monthly, multi-month, or annual subscription fees indicated for that service. Payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for a Subscription and will cover the use of that service for a monthly, multi-month, or annual subscription period as indicated. Subscription fees are not refundable. Subscriptions can be cancelled up to 24 hours before the end of the subscription billing cycle by contacting us (for subscriptions initiated on our web site) or via the iOS or Google Play subscription management settings. Subscriptions that have not been cancelled prior to 24 hours before the end of the subscription billing cycle will automatically renew, and you will be charged for the new subscription billing cycle on a pre-pay basis.
5. Responsibility of Visitors.
Sugarfree has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to Sugarfree, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating Sugarfree, Sugarfree does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Sugarfree may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. Sugarfree may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Sugarfree disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of Sugarfree, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
6. Content Posted on Other Websites.
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Sugarfree links, and that link to Sugarfree. Sugarfree does not have any control over those non-Sugarfree websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Sugarfree website or webpage, Sugarfree does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Sugarfree disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Sugarfree websites and webpages.
7. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.
As Sugarfree asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by Sugarfree violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Sugarfree. Sugarfree will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. Sugarfree will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of Sugarfree if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Sugarfree or others. In the case of such termination, Sugarfree will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to Sugarfree.
8. Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from Sugarfree to you any Sugarfree or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Sugarfree. SUGARFREE, Sugarfree, Sugarfree.com, the Sugarfree logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Sugarfree are trademarks or registered trademarks of SUGARFREE or SUGARFREE’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Sugarfree may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of Sugarfree grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any SUGARFREE or third-party trademarks.
9. Advertisements.
Sugarfree reserves the right to display advertisements on Sugarfree.
10. Changes.
Sugarfree reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to Sugarfree following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Sugarfree may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through Sugarfree (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
11. Termination.
Sugarfree may terminate your access to all or any part of Sugarfree at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Sugarfree account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using Sugarfree. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a Subscription account, such account can only be terminated by Sugarfree if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from Sugarfree’s notice to you thereof; provided that, Sugarfree can terminate the account immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
12. Disclaimer of Warranties.
Sugarfree is provided “as is”. Sugarfree and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Sugarfree nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that Sugarfree will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, Sugarfree at your own discretion and risk. Information posted on Sugarfree may not be accurate or current.
13. Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Sugarfree, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Sugarfree under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. Sugarfree shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
14. Medical Disclaimer.
You are responsible for your own health. Sugarfree is offered for educational and entertainment purposes only, and in no way intends to diagnose, cure, or treat any medical or other condition. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider prior to changing your diet or exercise plan and ask your physician any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Although we do out absolute best to verify the accuracy of information contained herein, we cannot guarantee its accuracy.
15. Permitted Uses.
If you have a serious medical condition, including but not limited to pregnancy, diabetes, high blood pressure, cancer or heart disorders, you may not use Sugarfree without the prior approval and supervision of your physician or other licensed healthcare provider. If you suffer from anorexia nervosa, bulimia, or other related eating disorders, you are not permitted to use Sugarfree. You must be at least 18 years of age to use Sugarfree.
16. General Representation and Warranty.
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of Sugarfree will be in strict accordance with the Sugarfree Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of Sugarfree will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
17 Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Sugarfree, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of Sugarfree, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
18. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Sugarfree and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Sugarfree, or by the posting by Sugarfree of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of Sugarfree will be governed by the laws of the state of Washington, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in King County, Washington. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Seattle, Washington, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Sugarfree may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 10, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Sugarfree
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Sugarfree.
Country refers to: Delaware, United States
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service refers to the Application.
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Information from Third-Party Social Media Services
The Company allows You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:
Google
Facebook
Twitter
If You decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, We may collect Personal data that is already associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, such as Your name, Your email address, Your activities or Your contact list associated with that account.
You may also have the option of sharing additional information with the Company through Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account. If You choose to provide such information and Personal Data, during registration or otherwise, You are giving the Company permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Deletion of Your Personal Data
We provide tools to access, modify, and delete your data as an integral part of our Service and in the application settings, available regardless of where you live. If you live in Switzerland, the UK, or the EEA, you have certain additional legal rights pertaining to your data.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: sugarfree.feedback@gmail.com
Contact
sugarfree.feedback@gmail.com
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
500px
Email