Wi-Fi Toolkit Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 20
, Feb, 2025
General rules and definitions
TP-Link System Inc., located at 10 Mauchly, Irvine, CA 92618, (collectively, “TP-Link” “we” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. We abide by applicable privacy laws and regulations to protect your personal data. Accordingly, we developed this privacy policy ("Policy”) in order for you to understand what types of personal data we collected, how we use it, for what reason do we need to process your personal data, who we share it with, when and how we delete it, what rights do you have concerning your personal data and what measures we take to protect it.
TP-Link provides:
(1) software that may be downloaded to your smartphone or tablet to access services (“Mobile Apps” such as Tether, Deco, Tapo etc.),
(2) services, including technical support and services accessible through the Site(s) (“Support”),
(3) subscription services, including services that can be accessed using the Support and Mobile Apps (“Subscription Services”, such as HomeShield, TapoCare/KasaCare). The term “Services” means the Sites, Support, Mobile Apps, and Subscription Services, which may be used in conjunction with hardware products provided by TP-Link affiliates and in other ways provided by TP-Link. Some Services of TP-Link can be used together or in ways that integrate with Services from third parties.
The Sites mentioned in (2) do not include pages linked from the Websites which are operated by local partners, such as
https://www.tp-link.com/de
. Supplemental data protection information is available where our partners (including affiliates) operate or provide TP-Link branded web pages or products.
You accept and consent to the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy incorporates herein the Terms of Use; both statements should be read in conjunction with each other. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued engagement with our Services after such revisions indicates that you accept and consent to them, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates. Your use of the Products is governed by the applicable privacy policy made available to you when you download or access such Products, including on any page where you log in to a cloud account which may be linked from the Websites. For further information regarding our partners’ data protection practices in a specific country and/or region, please refer to the privacy policy tailored for that specific country and/or region via
https://www.tp-link.com/en/choose-your-location/
. You may consult the respective privacy policy for your country/region of residence or check the policy posted on the page you are viewing to read the data protection practices that apply.
Personal Data
For WiFi Toolkit, we provides them for local home network test and management with mobile clients. We do not need you register a TP-Link ID or collect other personal data. We collect usage data(eg. click event times) in order to improve our user experience with these
anonymized
statistical data.
Updates To Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and we may notify you by updating the Privacy Policy’s effective date above. If there are material changes, we will place a prominent notice on this website or provide notice through other means. We encourage all users to occasionally refer to this Privacy Policy so that they can remain aware of our current practices. If you do not agree with the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, you must stop using the Services. Your continued use of the Services after any Privacy Policy changes means that you agree to the updated Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or need further assistance, please email us at
privacy@tp-link.com
TP-Link Systems Inc.
10 Mauchly, Irvine, CA 92618