Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how iVibe by MobiFarm IVS ("Strong Vibrator by iVibrate") mobile App stores your documents and how iVibe’s company (“we”, “our” or “us”) collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
1. Location Services
We do not request, collect, or access your location information.
2. Documents Location
All documents are stored locally on your device and never send to any third-party unless you explicitly send them by fax, export to other apps or devices.
3. Personal Information Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed;
Device Information;
We use this information to:
Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do not want these notifications, you can manage your preference either through your device or app settings depending on your device type. You can also contact us at https://forms.gle/Ypfq9uS3LrUURgQm7
Improve our App and marketing efforts;
Conduct research and analysis.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
4. Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
if iVibe is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
5. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security, you can contact us at https://forms.gle/Ypfq9uS3LrUURgQm7. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at https://forms.gle/Ypfq9uS3LrUURgQm7. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6. Controlling the Use of Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information by not allowing access to your details. You can also withdraw permissions by the app to access your data in the device’s Settings. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.

7. Notification of ChangesWhenever we change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Your use of "iVibe - Daily Affirmations" following these changes indicates your consent to the revised Privacy Policy.