This page has been moved to
https://edgeimpulse.com/legal/privacy-policy
Next
Professional and Community Plans Terms of Service
Last updated
14 days ago
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://edgeimpulse.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Product
Capabilities
The edge AI platform
Sensor datasets
Feature engineering
Model optimization
Algorithms
Computer Vision
NVIDIA Integrations
Qualcomm Integrations
Built for
Product leaders
AI practitioners
Embedded engineers
OEMs
Solutions
Industries
Appliances
Buildings
Health
Industry
Infrastructure
Wearables
Applications
Case studies
Computer Vision
Asset tracking & monitoring
Human interfaces
Predictive maintenance
Technical Resources
The Ultimate Guide to Edge AI ebook
BrickML
Digital Health Solutions Guide
Industrial Productivity Solutions Guide
AI at the Edge eBook
Developers
Docs
Projects
Forum
For Students
University
Pricing
Plans
Support Packages
ROI Calculator
Buy vs Build
Company
About
Careers
Events
Ecosystem
Content Library
Security
Contact
FAQs
Blog
Login
Get Started
Login
Get started
Get started
Your privacy is important to us. With this in mind, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive from the person or entity accessing our Site or using our Services (“
you
” or “
your
”), including in particular information which may be used to identify you as a natural person (“
Personal Information
”). Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in our
Terms of Service
.
Scope and Applicability
This Privacy Policy sets forth the privacy practices of Edgeimpulse, Inc. (“Edge Impulse” or “we” or “us” or “our”) for (1) our website located at
www.edgeimpulse.com
(the “Site”) and (2) all Edge Impulse software and applications (including, without limitation, mobile software and applications) (the “Software”) and all other Edge Impulse products or services provided or otherwise made accessible on or through the Software or the Site (collectively the “Services”), where Edge Impulse is the controller.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to the extent we process Personal Information in the role of a processor (or a comparable role such as a “service provider” in certain jurisdictions on behalf of our customers, including customers who purchase Services directly from us and customers who purchase the Services through one of our authorized Channel Partners. Each of our customers, not Edge Impulse, controls what information about you that they submit to or generate in connection with the Services (“Customer Data”). For more information about collection and use of your information as part of Customer Data by an Edge Impulse customer, please reach out to the customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with the applicable customer directly. Customer Data is controlled by the respective privacy policy of the applicable customer, which we encourage you to review for more information about their practices.
What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily
You voluntarily submit information directly to us when you use our Services. This can include information you provide to us when you register for an account, fill in a form on our website, create or edit your user profile, correspond with us or otherwise contact us, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, attend a webinar or event, respond to a survey, enter a promotion or use some other feature of our Services. If you choose not to provide personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our Services, or respond to your requests.
We may collect the following types of Personal Information from you:
‍
Types of Personal Information
Why We Collect It
Your name and email address
Your company’s name and physical address
Job title, position, and other professional information
Establish and manage our relationship with our customers, service providers, distributors, and other partners
Manage, operate, and maintain the products or services we provide to you or receive from you (or your employer)
Help us identify and deliver information relevant to your needs
Inform you of our products, services, offers, and events that we believe may be of interest to you
Information you choose to provide us through our forums or our Services, or otherwise communicate to us
Address your requests, comments, issues, questions, or concerns
Improve our interactions with you and better meet your expectations, notably in the context of support cases
To allow you to interact with other users in our community
Determine the products and services that may be of interest to you and to send you communications in accordance with your interest
Prevent fraud and phishing attacks targeting Edge Impulse or members of Edge Impulse staff by assessing whether we are communicating with genuine contacts and not malicious parties
‍
Information collected by our payment processors
If you purchase our Professional Plan, your payment information, such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information), is collected and stored by our third party payment processing company (the "Payment Processor"), and use and storage of that information is governed by the Payment Processors applicable privacy policy. As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy listed below, Stripe is the Payment Processor used within the Professional Plan Services.. In order to facilitate your order transactions, Stripe may collect and store your credit card type, the last four digits of your credit card number, and expiration date, for more information please see the Stripe privacy policy available at https://stripe.com/us/privacy or such other URL designated by Stripe.
Information we obtain from third party sources
We may receive information from our Channel Partners, resellers and other third parties.
If you interact with our Services through your employer or company, we may receive information about you from your employer or company.
We may obtain information from other sources, including but not limited to, publicly available sources, our service providers, our business and marketing partnerships, and third party integrations you consent to, or through transactions such as mergers and acquisitions.
Information we collect automatically
‍
Types of Personal Information
Why We Collect It
We may retain server logs which include the IP address of every request to our server.
We collect this information for security reasons and specifically to understand the origin of requests and knowing if they come from the same node, spotting patterns, and identifying potential cyber attacks.
If you have received or were granted access to the Services from a Channel Partner (as defined in our Terms of Service), we collect your login dates and access.
We collect this information for purposes of tracking ‘non-use’ of the platform (i.e., where a user has not accessed Edge Impulse Services for 30 days or more) with the Channel Partner so they can determine where the paid license should be re-assigned to another customer of the Channel Partner.
Information collected through cookies and web beacons
We use various cookies and web beacons to ensure the functioning of our website and Services and to help us understand how our website and Services are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are.
For more information about our cookie and web beacon use, please see the section below titled “Do We Use Cookies?”.
We may also collect and aggregate information about the use of our Site and our Services. That information could include:
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Browser type and operating system
The web page visited before accessing our Site
The pages or features browsed and the time spent on them
Search terms and links clicked
Device identifiers and user settings (for mobile devices)
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors and users who come to our website or use the Services, where they come from, what content is of interest to them, and what their needs are.
We use this information to analyze overall trends, improve the quality and relevance of our website and Services, provide guidance to users to enable them to achieve their goals, and secure and maintain our systems. This information also helps us understand marketing campaign effectiveness.
‍
What do we use your Personal Information for?
We will use your Personal Information, in compliance with this Privacy Policy to help us deliver the Services to you. Any of the information we collect from you may be used in any of the following ways:
To deliver and improve our Services and your overall user experience.
To compile statistics and analysis about your and other customers’ use of our Site and our Services.
To conduct internal reporting, audit and research, including focus groups and surveys.
To compare and verify information for accuracy and update our records.
To personalize your experience — your Personal Information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our Site and our Services — we continually strive to improve our service and product offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service — your Personal Information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To send you information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
To create targeted advertising to promote the Services and engage our users.
To send periodic emails — the email address you provide may be used to send you information, notifications that you request about changes to topics or in response to your username, respond to inquiries and/or other requests or questions, or to alert you of updates to protect your system from new types of online attacks and to send periodic emails containing information relevant to your account and the products you use.
We may also use your Personal Information:
To protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity or to maintain the security of the Services.
To link to or combine user information with other personal information.
In connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or similar transaction.
To protect our users, other individuals, and/or the rights or property of Edge Impulse.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your Personal Information where necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, including to share information with government and regulatory authorities when required by law or in response to legal process, obligation or request.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose your Personal Information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to the following situations: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow). These cookies enable the site to recognize your browser and, if you have a registered account, associate it with your registered account. We may use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Site and Services. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use Cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent Cookies, session Cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting Cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Site or the Services.
Essential cookies: These cookies help run our site and make your experience better. These include cookies that allow you access to a members-only part of the site or help the content of our site load quickly. These cookies are only used to provide you with these services.
Functionality cookies: These cookies allow the site to remember preferences you have selected such as login details or other selections you may have made. These are designed to make it easier to use our site and not have to set the same preferences every time.
Social Media cookies: We may use social media tools on our site; these cookies allow the social media network to record when you have liked or engaged with a social media tool on our site. In some situations, the social network may send us data that you have set to share. If you do not want the social media network to share information with us, please check your privacy settings with the social media network.
Advertising cookies: These cookies allow us to track browsing habits as you visit the site. Based on your browsing history and with your permission, we may use third-party advertising partners who can then display to you a relevant ad when you are on a third-party site such as a social media platform. Within these cookies, we may also know your precise location such as latitude, longitude, GeoIP, and other location-specific information. Please see below for your choices on cookies and the use of advertising.
We may also collect information via standard server logs or clear GIFs (also known as “Web beacons”). Web beacons and pixel tags are images embedded in a webpage or email for the purpose of measuring and analyzing usage and activity. We, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf, may use web beacons and pixel tags to help us analyze usage and improve our functionality.
We use third-party cookies and/or pixels to present you with opportunities to access Services on our Site, including:
Google Analytics.
We use Google Analytics cookies to allow us to see how you use our Services so that we can improve your experience. We encourage you to read the Google Privacy Policy. If you prefer to not have data reported by Google Analytics, you can install the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Personal Information collected to track and examine the use of our Services, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Personal Information collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Hubspot
. We use the HubSpot marketing automation suite to track your use of our Site and to assist us with our marketing and sales efforts. You can view HubSpot’s privacy policy at
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy?_ga=2.70649495.600016260.1580080142-1809069190.1580080142
.
Facebook Pixel
. We use Facebook Pixel to customize our advertising and to serve you ads on your social media based on your browsing behavior. This allows your behavior to be tracked after you have been redirected to our Services by clicking on the Facebook ad. The Facebook Pixel stores a cookie on your device to enable us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. We do not have access to the information collected through the Facebook Pixel. However, the information collected via the Facebook Pixel is also stored and processed by Facebook. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
. The Facebook Pixel also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. You can opt-out of displaying Facebook ads and sharing by visiting your Facebook
Ad Settings
, and you can clear and control the information third parties share with Facebook in your
Off-Facebook Activity page
. If you do not have a Facebook account, you can opt-out of Facebook ads through the
Digital Advertising Alliance
.
Google Ads
. We use Google Ads to deliver advertisements to you and to track whether you have interacted with an advertisement we have placed elsewhere on the internet. Google Ads stores a conversion tracking cookie on your device when you click on our advertisement. The information obtained through the cookie is used to generate statistics and allows us to see the total number of users who clicked on our advertisements. We also use Google Ads to present to users of our Website advertisements across the internet and within the Google advertising network based on their visits to our Website. For more information, please review Google’s
privacy policy
. To opt-out of targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google’s
ad settings
.
LinkedIn Insights
Tag. We use LinkedIn Insights Tag to retarget our website visitors and learn insights about your interactions with our LinkedIn advertisements. You can learn about LinkedIn’s privacy practices at
www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt out of LinkedIn Insights Tag at
www.linkedin.com/psettings/.
Twitter Pixel
.  We use Twitter Pixel  to help us determine how effective our ad campaigns are.  You can learn about Twitter’s privacy practices relating to Twitter Ads at
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
and you can prevent your participation in Twitter Ads conversion tracking by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain.
“Do Not Track” options will not affect how we use your Personal Information.
Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our customers, we are not able to respond to Do-Not-Track signals from your browser at this time. As discussed above, we track websites and app usage information through the use of cookies for analytic and internal purposes only. Because we do not collect this information to track you across websites or apps over time, your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser will not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytics or internal purposes.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We may disclose your Personal Information to our subsidiaries and affiliates, or to contractors, service providers, legal and financial advisors, and other third parties we use to support our business.
We may also release your Personal Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies or protect our or others’ rights, property or safety.
Your Personal Information may be shared with our Channel Partners and other third parties that we have partnered with, such as to jointly create or offer a product, service or joint promotion, and they may contact you regarding their products or services.
If you are using our Services as an authorized user of one of our customers, we may share your Personal Information with the applicable customer responsible for your access to the Services. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of the applicable customer for more information.
Your Personal Information may also be transferred to another company in the event of a transfer, change of ownership, reorganization or assignment of all or part of our businesses or assets. This will occur if the parties have entered into an agreement under which the collection, use and disclosure of the information is limited to those purposes of the business transaction, including a determination whether or not to proceed with the business transaction.
We may also disclose your information where we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to detect or protect against fraud or security issues.
We may disclose your information if required or permitted by applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation laws and regulations of the United States and other countries, or in the good faith belief that such obligations that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with a legal obligation or in response to a request from law enforcement or other public authorities wherever Edge Impulse may do business; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Edge Impulse; (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users, customers, and contractors/employees of Edge Impulse or others; or (d) enforce our Terms of Service, agreements, policies or otherwise protect against any legal liability.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
To the extent required under laws of the applicable jurisdiction, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interest or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation (or contractual agreement with our customer) to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
How do we protect your Personal Information?
The security of your Personal Information is important to us; but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Retention of your Personal Information
We retain your Personal Information for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide the Services to you, or, if you are an authorized user of our customer, to our customer. Despite the foregoing, in some cases we retain Personal Information for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule, regulation or legal process. For example, if we are involved in litigation or a governmental or regulatory investigation, then we keep data throughout the period of litigation or investigation and for 5 years after that. If a settlement means that we have to keep data for longer, then we keep data for the period required to administer the settlement. If we provide data to law enforcement agencies, then we keep a record of this for one year beyond the end of the investigation.
Third-party Links and Sites
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 (“
Children
”). We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from Children. If you become aware that a person under the age of 18 has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from Children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Transfers and Processing of your Personal Information?
We may share your personal information within Edge Impulse and with our representatives and third parties that are based in other countries to facilitate our international operations, your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and/or processed in countries other than the country in which you are a resident, and that may be outside the European Union.  By using this Site and Services and providing us with information, you consent to this transfer, processing, and storage of your information in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, including without limitation the United States. It is important to note that the privacy laws in the United States may not be as comprehensive as those in other countries such as the European Union. Please also see the section of this Privacy Policy titled “Special Provisions Applicable to Residents of the European Union”.
Data that we collect from you may be processed by staff operating outside the U.S. who work for us or for one of our suppliers. For example, such staff may be engaged in the processing of an order for our Services, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy. Please note, however, that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically. The transmission of such data is entirely at your own risk.
Special Provisions Applicable to Residents of the European Union
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have certain rights with respect to your Personal Information that we process in our capacity as a data controller, subject to applicable law. Please note, with respect to any Customer Data, our customer is the controller and Edge Impulse is acting as a data processor. In other cases, Edge Impulse may be the controller of some of your Personal Information (such as when we collect your contact information for marketing purposes, or when monitoring usage information on our Site).
Right to Access.
You have the right to access your Personal Information held by us.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to rectify inaccurate Personal Information and, taking into account the purpose of processing, to ensure it is complete.
Right to Erasure (or “Right to be Forgotten”).
You have the right to have your Personal Information erased or deleted.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You have the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Information.
Right to Data Portability.
You have right to transfer your Personal Information, when possible.
Right to Object.
You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Information that is carried out on the basis of legitimate interests, such as direct marketing.
Right Not to be Subject to Automated Decision-Making.
You have the right not to be subject to automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects. Edge Impulse does not currently engage in the foregoing on our websites or in our Services.
To make such requests, where we are the data controller, please contact us at privacy@edgeimpulse.com. When we are a data processor and are processing data on behalf of another party that is the controller, such as our customers, you should direct your request to that party.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
Please be aware that those rights set out above may not apply in some instances, for example where our right to processing your personal data may be necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression (e.g., news gathering), or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Special Provisions Applicable to Residents of California
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights under applicable California state laws.
California’s “Shine the Light” law, California Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. you are entitled to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, then please submit a request to us as described below at “Contacting Us.”
Special Provisions Applicable to Residents of Nevada
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Information to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
privacy@edgeimpulse.com
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Managing Your Privacy
You may request to review, update or delete your Personal Information by contacting us at privacy@edgeimpulse.com.
Please note the foregoing does not apply with respect to Customer Data, and any requests concerning Customer Data should be submitted directly to the applicable customer.
We will try to respond to and comply with any qualified requests in a timely manner. You can opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us using the contact details provided under “Contacting Us.”
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy to this page or on our Services. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. You acknowledge that your continued use of our website or Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your Personal Information is subject to the updated Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this policy please do not hesitate to contact us as follows:
Email us at privacy@edgeimpulse.com.
Write to us at: 3031 Tisch Way, 110 Plaza West, San Jose, CA 95128, U.S.A.
‍