Medicover Sp. z o.o. privacy policy
Data privacy and the protection of the privacy of our customers are of utmost importance to us. Therefore, in order to ensure the security of your data and to respect the applicable legal regulations, Medicover sp. z o.o. has established a policy setting out the principles for the collection, processing and use of personal data.
Legal basis for personnal data processing
The legal basis for processing your data includes:
a medical care contract,
a contract for the provision of non-medical services,
justified interest of the direct marketing of own service of the data controller (including profiling) and of pursuing claims as well as ensuring the security of persons and property,
legal provisions.
Personal Data Controller
Medicover sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw, al. Jerozolimskie 96,
00-807 Warszawa, is the controller of your personal data.
Data Protection Officer
We have nominated a data protection officer. Please contact this person in all matters concerning the processing of the personal data and the execution of your rights in relation to the data processing. You can contact the inspector as follows:
by regular mail: Inspektor Danych Osobowych (Data Protection Officer) Medicover, Al. Jerozolimskie 96, 00-807 Warszawa
by writing an email:
IOD@medicover.pl
.
Personal data
The personal data you have provide will be processed for the following purposes:
delivery of provisions of your health care contract,
provision of non-medical services, including the choice of glasses and corrective lenses,
making settlements on account of conducted business activity,
handling of complaints (if applicable),
transfer of materials promoting the controller's own products and services,
archiving your data in accordance with the law,
ensuring the safety of persons and property (conducting video monitoring of facilities).
You have the following rights with respect to the processing of personal data:
the right to object to the processing of data for marketing purposes, as we process your data for marketing purposes on the basis of a justified interest,
the right to object to the processing of data on the basis of a special situation – when we process your data on the basis of our justified interest,
the right to withdraw the consent,
the right to access your personal information,
the right to request the amendment of your personal data,
the right to demand the deletion of your personal data only if we are not required by law to process them,
the right to demand that the processing of your personal data be restricted,
the right to transfer your personal data, i.e. the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable computer format. You may transfer your data to another data controller or request that we transfer your data to another data controller. However, we will only do so if this transfer is technically possible.
In order to execute these rights, please contact us or our data protection officer.
More detailed information about the execution of these rights is available here ->>>
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority, i.e. the President of the Office for Personal Data Protection.
Data collected automatically
When you visit our website, the data about your activity are automatically recorded, including e.g. your IP address, browser type, operating system type. These data shall be used exclusively for administrative and statistical purposes.
Personal data transfer and communication with our servers is encrypted and is based on the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol. The servers on which personal data are stored are the property of Medicover and are protected against unauthorized access.
Use of cookies
Our website may use cookies to identify your session while you are using our website. The cookies do not contain any personal data – they only ensure proper functioning of the application.
In order to prevent such files from being transferred, you have to set your browser accordingly, bearing in mind that certain features of the website may not work.
Personal data protection
Medicover sp. z o.o. uses adequate organisational and technical measures to ensure the security of the processed data. We make every effort to ensure that the measures we take are the best safeguard of the personal data and privacy of the persons whom the data apply to. The choice of the measures is the consequence of the risk analysis and assessment of the effects of the processing carried out by Medicover sp. z o.o.
Information regarding the protection of privacy of users of the Medicover sp. z o. o. mobile application (Medicover OnLine) are available
here
Sharing the personal data with third parties
Medicover sp. z o.o. will share your personal data with:
data processors acting on behalf of the controller,
entities authorised by law,
entities and natural persons authorised by you.
Medicover sp. z o.o. reserves the right to change the content of its privacy policy if the Polish law changes or any new technological and IT solutions are implemented.