Privacy Policy
Effective date: February 9, 2021
Xiangqi.com is a Community of people who want to play and learn Chinese chess (xiangqi). Games are timed and untimed — learn with unrated games and studying games, play rated games to try to increase your ranking, and automatically get paired with opponents at a similar level of skill.
Your privacy is important to us. It is Xiangqi.com’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you via our app, Xiangqi.com, and its associated services.
1. Information we collect
Xiangqi.com collects following Personal information of the User:
Name
Email
Country
This data is collected at sign up to provide you the services and manage your account on Xiangqi.com.
You can also add your friends by sending them an invite or challenging them to a game directly from the app. You add your friend’s email address, and a link is sent to your friend in an email, through which they can sign up for an account.
The app has a social media function where you can chat with your friends and the community both on the page where you are or have previously played a game as well as on the lobby where you can click to observe games in-progress.
Xiangqi.com app collects behavioral data, such as when you signed up.
2. Data Storage
The data is stored on Xiangqi.com secure servers hosted by AWS. Aggregate.
3. Collection and use of information
We may collect, hold and use information for the following purposes and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:
For technical assessment, including to operate and improve our app, associated applications and associated social media platforms
To provide you with our app and platform's core features
To process any transactional or ongoing payments
To contact and communicate with you
To comply with our legal obligations and resolve any disputes that we may have
For analytics, market research and business development, including to operate and improve our app, associated applications and associated social media platforms
For advertising and marketing, including to send you promotional information about our products and services and information about third parties that we consider may be of interest to you
The information will NOT be used for following purposes:
For internal record keeping and administrative purposes
4. Disclosure of personal information to third parties
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Links to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Sentry
5. International transfers of personal information
The personal information we collect is stored and processed in the United States only.
6. Your rights and controlling your personal information
Right to delete: You can Reset Logs at any time, thereby removing all of your diary data from Xiangqi.com servers.
Choice and consent: By providing personal information to us, you consent to us collecting, holding, using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you are under 16 years of age, you must have, and warrant to the extent permitted by law to us, that you have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to access and use the app and they (your parents or guardian) have consented to you providing us with your personal information. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our app or the products and/or services offered on or through it.
Access and data portability: You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you. You may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Where possible, we will provide this information in CSV format or other easily readable machine format. You may request that we erase the personal information we hold about you at any time.
If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please contact us using the details below. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or out of date.
Notification of data breaches: The materials and content contained in this app are protected by US copyright act & trademark law where applicable and Xiangqi.com complies with these laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.
7. Limits of our policy
Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
8. Changes to this policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our app or app delivery service. Your continued use of our app after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information
9. Contact information:
Xiangqi.com
contact@xiangqi.com
Play Free