Simple Analytics considers your privacy to be important. We will therefore
  process and use your data in a secure manner in accordance with the General
  Data Protection Regulation. In this privacy statement, we will explain what
  information will be collected and why. It also states your rights with regard
  to the processing of your personal data. Please contact
privacyquestions@simpleanalytics.com
if you have any questions about your privacy or this statement.
Article 1 Who are we?
Simple Analytics is a sole proprietorship, established in (1401 ED) Bussum at
  Hooftlaan 4, the Netherlands. We are registered in the trade register of the
  Chamber of Commerce under number
60978856
. We are the controller of your personal data.
Article 2 Which data do we use?
Here you will find an overview of data that we process, why we do this, what
  legal basis we have to process this data and how long we will store this data.
We process the name of your website, email address and credit card or other
  payment details in order to register you for our services. We also process
  data from visitors to your website. We only collect limited data about these
  visitors. The data will mainly include, but not be limited to, the country in
  which the visitor is located, the pages that are visited, the device and
  browser with which these pages are visited and how someone arrived at these
  pages. We use this information to provide an insight in visits to your website
  and to keep you satisfied during the term of our agreement. When you delete
  your account, we will delete both your and your visitors' data. A backup of
  this data is stored for up to 90 days after the end of our agreement. After
  these 90 days, the data will be permanently deleted.
For financial administration purposes, we process your name, email and credit
  card details. We are not able to process your payment without this
  information. We will delete this information as soon as you delete your
  account. If desired, we can send you an invoice. We will then process your
  company name, address and VAT ID. According to a legal obligation of the Dutch
  Tax and Customs Administration, we are required to store invoice data for 7
  years. After this period we will anonymize this data.
In the unlikely event that you have a complaint about our services, we will
  process your name, email and the content of and communication regarding this
  complaint in order to find the best possible solution for you. We use this
  information for an optimal execution of the agreement. We will erase data
  regarding complaints after handling the complaint.
We have a commercial interest in using some of your personal data for
  marketing purposes. We process your email for direct marketing. We process
  your email when you ask us a question in the chat box or when you indicate
  that you want to be kept informed about our latest blog articles. We will
  delete this information as soon as you unsubscribe or indicate that you no
  longer wish to be contacted by us.
If you want to send an email report to your clients, we will also process your
  client's email address. Your client can unsubscribe in any email. We will
  immediately delete the email address after unsubscribing.
We process your name, email address and bank account number for affiliate
  marketing. We delete this data as soon as the affiliate's cookie period has
  ended or you stop being a member of the affiliate program.
We use our own analytics services to enable and optimize this website. We have
  a commercial interest in using your surfing behaviour and related data to
  analyse and improve our service where necessary.
To enable posting reviews about our services, we process your name, company
  name, photo and content of your message. This information will become visible
  to us when you post your message. We may post reviews about our services on
  our website for commercial interest. We will delete these as soon as they are
  no longer representative of our services or if you request removal.
If you want to contact us via the website, we ask for the content of your
  message. You can optionally choose to also enter your email address. This
  information will become visible to us when you send your message via the
  contact form. We will delete data from a sent contact form as soon as you make
  a request thereto.
We process your username and the content of your message when you respond to
  our articles or messages. This information will automatically become visible
  and will be kept until you delete your response or we delete our message.
Upon registration, we will process your name, email address and other data
  that are important for the relevant training or webinar. This data is
  collected via a registration form. We will save this information until you
  unsubscribe. You can still receive follow-up emails related to the topic of
  the training or webinar for which you have registered. In addition, the
  privacy policy of a third party may apply to this data if you purchase an
  admission ticket through this third party. If it concerns a paid webinar or
  training, we will also process your billing information. We keep this data for
  7 years in compliance with regulations of the Dutch Tax and Customs
  Administration.
Furthermore, we will process a password for your personal account. We encrypt
  and store this password in combination with your email address. We do this to
  prevent security fraud. We keep this account information until you delete your
  account.
Article 3 How do we obtain this information?
We have obtained the above information from you as a client or website
  visitor, because you have provided us with this information. When our services
  are used by an agency, they may pass on your details to us in order to
  register you. Furthermore, we can obtain your address, as known by the
  government, through our payment provider Stripe when we validate your VAT
  number. Finally, we may have insight into your data without intention when you
  visit our client's website.
When we collect your data outside the EU, we will take appropriate (security)
  measures. This data will be sent directly to our servers in the Netherlands
  and will not be processed abroad. We encrypt all visitor data. We also encrypt
  backups that are stored on external servers.
Article 4 What rights do you have with regard to this data?
The General Data Protection Regulation has given you a number of rights with
  regard to personal data that is processed by us.
Access - You can request to view your data at any time.
Correct - If you want to have your data adjusted, corrected, supplemented,
    protected or erased, you can submit a request hereto. You can also correct
    certain data in your personal account.
Object - You can object to the processing of your data.
Data transfer - If you want to transfer your data to another provider, we
    will provide your data in a structured and commonly used form that can be
    accessed by common digital systems.
Automated processing - You may always inform us of your view on an automated
    decision and have this decision reconsidered by a third person.
Withdrawal - When we process data based on your explicit consent, you have
    the right to withdraw your consent. This may have consequences for the
    services we are able to provide.
Please send a request including a copy of your ID to
privacyquestions@simpleanalytics.com
if you want to exercise any of the abovementioned rights. We will assess your
  request as soon as possible. If we cannot comply with your request, we will
  let you know why we reject your request.
Article 5 Who receives your data?
We will not provide your data to third parties, unless this is necessary for
  business operations or is required by law. We try to use as few external
  services as possible. Your data can be passed on to processors and parties
  involved in the execution of the agreement. We conclude processing agreements
  with these third parties to optimally protect your privacy. Your data will
  always remain yours. We will never sell your data to third parties.
Article 6 Automated decision-making
We may use automated decision-making based on information, actions or
  omissions provided by you. It is therefore possible that you are no longer
  able to view your data when a payment term of an invoice has expired or when
  you are transferred to a higher plan when you have more page visits than
  included in your current plan.
Article 7 Final provisions
We recommend that you regularly consult this privacy statement, as we may make
  changes to the policy. We will notify you of any changes. Please send an email
  to
privacyquestions@simpleanalytics.com
if you have any questions about this privacy statement or the way we use your
  data. Please also inform us if you have a complaint about the way we handle
  your data. In addition, you may contact the
Dutch Data Protection Authority
.