This site requires JavaScript!
Packet Sender Cloud
Get the App
(current)
Help
(current)
Sign-in
Login / New Account
Help
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name,
email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey
    or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are
    most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes
Our software is updated regularly.
Our entire site is served encrypted.
We discard information if it is not needed.
Credit cards are tokenized and not stored in our database.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's
hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's
systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site
    experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track
    this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to
turn off all cookies. You may disable cookies and continue to use most features of the site.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Google
Google provides web site analytics.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.