Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Welcome to this App.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. This page also explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when you use one or more of our mobile application (the “App”, “our App”). Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our app.
1. Information we process and purposes of processing your information
We use your information for the purposes as set out below. If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know before we start to process information on that new purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy Policy.
1.1 Personal Information And Non-Personal information
1). How We Process Your Face Data/Personal Information
We Do not Collect any face data.
We treat your Face Data/Personal Information with care, so that we do not collect any Face Data/Personal Information through the app. (Please notice that: Personal Information includes your name, physical address, social numbers, email address and geographic location information. )
Our app involving face images adopts facial effects, not really collects and analyzes facial information. All face photos will be automatically deleted when the user exits editing or exits functions.
In order to protect your face data, we will never store your photo. Photos you uploaded are just for
real-time analysis
.
Your photos are safe on your device. We never collect/save any facial data on user’s device, in the cloud, nor do we share it with any third parties. We do not retain any of this facial data or share it with any third parties.
2). Non-Personal Information Collected
We collect Non-Personal Information. “Non-Personal Information” is information that does not identify you or any other individual, and includes Session and Usage Data, Log Data and Aggregate Information.
1.2 Camera and Photos
Without your consent, we will never access your camera or photo album. For the complete features experience of the app, you may voluntarily permit the access of the camera or photo album to obtain photo in your mobile device. This app needs the permissions to Camera and Photos to:
(1) ensure the adequate performance of the app;
(2) provide you with certain features including precise “Facial Recognition”;
(3) maintain and improve the quality and operation of the Services;
(4) ensure users can fully access all features in the app.
For such photos, we will not store or collect them.
2.Data and usage
2.1 Generally Use
We may use Non-Personal information and message data for internal purposes only, such as to provide you with the Services, to notify you of new products or services. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
We do not disclose your information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, unless you first affirmatively agree to that disclosure.
2.2 Third-party Disclosure
We do not store any Face Data/Personal Information on our servers; We do not share any user information with any third parties; We do not sell or trade your Face Data/Personal Data to third parties.
3. How we protect your information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
Privacy   Policy
Terms of Use
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it