Introduction
These terms of use relate to the Alison platform and processes to deliver Alison Services.  If you use Alison Services (a “User”) this policy applies to you and you are bound by it.  If you disagree you must stop using Alison Services and close your User account.
Our commitment to each other
Capernaum Limited delivers online learning trading as “Alison”, and is located in Galway, Ireland.  Alison provides free learning on a global scale for all Users, commercially made possible through online advertising and other optional paid services such as the purchase of certificates of completion (together hereinafter “Certificates”) for diploma and certificate courses. To operate successfully Alison Services as defined below are subject to the “Terms of Use” outlined herein. You, the User, hereby consent to these terms by continuing to use the Alison Services or by clicking on the content tickbox on registration. You should stop using the services if you do not agree with these terms. Alison reserves the right without notice to block or deactivate any User account that breaches these terms of use.
The detailed terms of use follow:
1.
The User is granted a temporary, non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to access and view learning-related content on the “Alison platform” (including but not limited to the online APIs, internet websites, android/iOS mobile apps, and electronic content related to learning, careers, personal profiles and jobs) solely for non-commercial educational purposes for your own personal use (the “Alison Services”). All other uses are expressly prohibited without the express written agreement of Alison. The User is not allowed:
1.1.
To copy, transfer, rebrand, sub-licence, reverse engineer, modify, repackage, sell or deliver Alison course material and content via any other third party Learning Management Systems or alternative online platforms.
1.2.
To create and offer competing or derivative products and services to other third parties based on the Alison courses and content.
1.3.
To transmit any data with embedded viruses, trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
2.
The Alison Services include course content that is provided as is without further warranty or guarantee as to its completeness or accuracy.
2.1.
The learning material is not a substitute for professional advice and should not be relied upon. The User acknowledges that they use this learning content at their own risk.
2.2.
The User acknowledges that Alison and affiliates including publishers of the learning material expressly exclude, to the extent permitted by law, any and all:
2.2.1.
warranties or assurances implied by statute, common law or law of equity on the delivery of the Alison Services;
2.2.2.
liability for loss or damage, whether direct, indirect, consequential, or otherwise that results from the use of and reliance upon the Alison Services, or failure to use the Alison Services due to software bugs or loss of service.
3.
In order to provide free Services Alison collects data to uniquely identify each registered user and provide online advertising through globally recognised third parties in keeping with different global data privacy regulations.
3.1.
Alison’s Privacy and Data Protection Policy is publicly available on the Alison website and gives complete details on how Alison meets its obligations to registered learners.
3.1.1.
You as the User agree to be bound by the Privacy and Data Protection Policy.
3.1.2.
Individual User learner records will remain on the Alison platform unless the User explicitly closes their Alison account and requests your personal account data to be deleted.
3.2.
Alison has a duty of care to its Users and learners to protect their personal information and learner records.  This duty of care extends to the User to safeguard access credentials for the Alison platform.
3.2.1.
Access to the Alison platform is strictly controlled and Alison shall ensure that security measures shall be no less rigorous than accepted industry practices with respect to Data Security.
3.2.2.
If the User discovers a suspected security breach on their account the User must change their password immediately and contact Alison customer support immediately to facilitate investigation and minimise the impact of any breach.
4.
Alison offers optional paid-for services including non-transferable Certificates as individual proof of study (both for certificate courses and diploma courses), other merchandise as well as a monthly renewable premium service that excludes advertising.
4.1.
The Premium ad-free subscription will be enabled for a specific term as defined in the shopping basket depending on the option chosen by the User, typically for one month, one year, or a perpetual term that doesn’t end. The ad-free experience will be made available on the User account immediately upon payment validation of the relevant fee.
4.1.1.
The monthly and yearly subscription shall renew automatically at the end of each term unless cancelled.
4.1.2.
The subscription disables all advertising from the Alison platform and may include additional bonus features from time to time, including a discount voucher on purchases (currently equal to 10% discount) of Certificates or merchandise. Discount vouchers do not expire and will last beyond the termination of the Premium subscription at Alison’s discretion.  One discount voucher code will be issued to the User account each month.  Unspent monthly discount vouchers can be accumulated over time. No more than 5 vouchers representing a 50% reduction can be applied to a single product purchase. Users can also spread accumulated monthly discounts across multiple products (e.g. 10% off each of 5 different products) on the same purchase event. Bonus features are subject to change without notice.
4.1.3.
The User can cancel at any time through their User Account.
4.1.4.
The recurring fees will be subject to foreign exchange rate variation over time. Alison reserves the right to change the amount of subscription fee from time to time and to vary fees across different jurisdictions. Any changes to a User’s subscription fee will be communicated at least 30 days in advance of a renewal.
4.2.
Purchased Certificates can be in multiple formats including digital pdf sent electronically, physical paper parchment that is sent by post (with an option to have the parchment set in a black wooden picture frame). Each Certificate purchase includes an Academic Transcript. This is a more detailed summary of the course you have completed on Alison and contains your personal details, the final score you achieved, a course description and the Module names that you have completed within the course. It also contains an authentication link you can share to validate your achievement.
4.2.1.
Digital Certificates can be downloaded directly from the User account dashboard after payment is finalised.
4.2.2.
Parchment is printed on special paper containing security features such as embossed fibers, a 'genuine' metallic strip, the User’s details, and an Alison stamp.
4.2.3.
The design, look and feel of the Certificates is subject to change from time to time, and is available to preview in the Alison Shop prior to and during the purchase process. Once a User makes a purchase you accept the Certificate as is.
4.3.
Only Standard shipping is available in the shopping cart for your physical purchases and the delivery time will depend on where in the world the User’s delivery address is. Please allow up to 28 days for Standard shipping as this goes via national postal services.
4.4.
User product returns and refund requests should be made to the Alison Customer Service team via email. The team will respond by email and will confirm any successful requests. Alison reserves the right to refuse a refund if not satisfied with the circumstances of the request.
4.4.1.
Any digital Certificates that have not been downloaded from the Alison platform can be cancelled and a refund will be provided. If the platform shows that the digital Certificate has been downloaded then no refund will be possible. If you have problems downloading digital Certificates please get in touch with the Customer Support team.
4.4.2.
If a physical product has not yet been printed and shipped it will be cancelled and Alison will make a full refund. If a physical product has already shipped then the User must return the product(s) and then Alison will make a partial refund minus the original shipping fee incurred. If the User produces evidence to show that a product has been lost and undelivered within the expected maximum timeframe, Alison reserves the right to either resend the product(s) or make a full refund at its discretion.
4.4.3.
If a User has pre-ordered Certificates prior to completing a course, the User can cancel unredeemed Certificates and a refund will be provided. Any redeemed Certificates will not be refunded.
4.4.4.
If a User cancels their Premium subscription prior to the end of their term, any unspent ad-free subscription time will remain in place in the case of a monthly subscription. No refunds will be available for unspent time on a monthly subscription. For annual terms, unspent time will be refunded with an adjustment of the fee on the basis of a conversion of the fee from an annual to a monthly subscription. Alison will immediately notify the User of unspent time that will remain on the account and the refund amount when the Premium subscription is cancelled.
5.
Alison offers a “Referral Reward” as an incentive to existing registered Users to refer friends to register on the Alison platform. Users and their referrals agree to the following additional terms:
5.1.
Alison will provide the User with a unique referral link which should be used to invite a friend (a “Referee”). The User is free to share this link among friends or through social media as long as they do not exhibit harrassing behaviour.
5.2.
For a Referring User to qualify for a reward, both the referrer and the referee must be registered Alison Users.  The Referee must not already have been a registered Alison User. At least three (3) Referees from the unique referral link must register AND complete an Alison course within 30 days of their respective registrations.
5.3.
The Referring User can monitor the progress of their referral(s) and any Referral Award through their own User account dashboard.
5.4.
More than one Referral Award may be granted to Referring User. The Referral Award is a 50% discount voucher on the cost of a Certificate purchase for a triplicate of referrals that purchase. If 25 referrals make a purchase, the Referral Award is a 50% discount voucher on the cost of a diploma purchase. The Referral Award cannot be substituted for cash and cannot be combined with any other Alison offer.
5.5.
Any suspected self-referrals or other fraudulent activity identified by Alison’s automated analytics will automatically disqualify the identified Users from participating in the Referral Rewards. Alison has absolute discretion in determining if a User that exhibits questionable behaviour should be removed from the Referral Reward programme.
5.6.
Alison reserves the right to change, suspend or cancel the Referral Reward programme at any time without notice.
6.
Alison operates an Affiliate Programme which is subject to a separate set of terms to be agreed between Alison and a qualifying User that Alison accepts onto the programme.  A qualifying User must be a registered Alison User subject to these Terms of Use.
7.
Any product name, brand or logo trademarks belonging to third parties are not affiliated with Alison and are not endorsed, sponsored or connected in any way unless explicitly stated otherwise.
8.
Opinions and views expressed by Publishers or Users on the Alison platform and social media are those of the authors, and do not necessarily represent the views of Alison.
8.1.
When making comments, posts, shares and other contributions to the platform Users shall be respectful and treat other Users with politeness and courtesy, and refrain from abusive or inappropriate conduct, spamming or in any other way undermine the good reputation of other Users or Alison.
8.2.
Any User that has comments or queries about Alison Services should direct these to the Customer Support channel where they will be dealt with speedily and confidentially. Users should not use open communication channels on the platform for dealing with their support requests or venting their anger at any unresolved issues.
8.3.
The User shall not express any views or post material which may be defamatory, sexually explicit, obscene, offensive, inflammatory, or hateful. The User will not impersonate others, be deceitful, promote illegal activity, harass other Users, incent violence or otherwise engage in unlawful activity on the platform.
8.4.
Alison reserves the right at its absolute discretion to remove any User generated content at any time that Alison deems inappropriate.
9.
Both Alison and you the User are expected to abide by these terms of use and comply with applicable laws and government regulations.
9.1.
Any deliberate violation of our Terms of Use, or unauthorised use of Alison Services by the User will, at Alison’s absolute discretion, result in immediate and automatic suspension or blocking of User account access to Alison Services without notice, penalty or claim against Alison.
9.2.
The User will indemnify and hold Alison (including its Affiliates, officers, directors, and employees) harmless against any claims, damages, losses or expenses (including reasonable legal fees) arising out of User breach of these Terms of Use or in relation to the User’s negligence, wilful misconduct, improper or abusive usage of the platform.
10.
Either Alison or the User can deactivate a User account at any time without reason, notice or further obligation. Where a User deactivates their account, Alison will retain course tracking history data.
11.
These Terms of Use constitute a binding agreement between Alison and the User and are subject to the laws of Ireland. Any dispute arising out of this agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Ireland.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated in August 2022.
The policy relates to the Alison platform and all user data collected and managed through the platform to deliver Alison Services.  If you use Alison Services (a “User”) this policy applies to you and you are bound by it.  If you disagree you must stop using Alison Services and close your account.
Our commitment
Collection, processing and storage of data
Personally Identifying Information (PII)
Course information
Third party information processors and service providers
Technical data collection
User consent and self-service control
Retention of data
Security and disclosure of data
Data Protection Officers
Access requests
Right to object
International transmission of data
Policy review and modification
1. Our commitment
Capernaum Limited trades as “Alison”, and is located in Galway, Ireland.  Alison respects User’s rights regarding their privacy and information, taking great care with any personally identifying information.  As an Irish domiciled entity, the Alison platform is subject to the laws of Ireland and regulations of the E.U. The General Data Protection Regulation (effective from May 2018) and Data Protection Acts 1988-2018 in Ireland apply to the safeguarding and processing of personal data that could be used to identify any citizens of the E.U.. Alison is committed to complying with its legal obligations in this regard, not just to data subjects (Users) in the E.U. but to extend the same courtesy to all Alison Users worldwide.
This policy is based on obligations created through General Data Protection Regulation in the E.U. and other equivalent legislation worldwide such as the California Consumer Privacy Act in the US
.
Back to Table of Contents
2. Collection, processing and storage of data
The Alison platform may collect and process personal data relating to past and present users and learners in the course of business. Alison collects data directly from the User input but also in automated ways such as through system logs, cookies, web beacons and integration with third party service providers.  Processing of data includes: collecting; recording; storing; altering; disclosing; destroying; and blocking. This policy governs Alison’s approach to data and does not apply to any third party organisations which may have integrated their systems to the Alison platform.
Back to Table of Contents
3. Personally Identifying Information (PII)
Personally Identifying Information (PII) may be required to uniquely identify a User upon Registration (e.g. a personal email address) and other information may be required to complete purchases and receive certification if requested.  You may also be invited to create a personal profile and resumé (including date of birth, existing education, work experience and career ambitions) and to generate or supply other personal information (such as completing personality, psychometric and workplace assessments) to build out your profile to determine your suitability for different careers, job opportunities and to establish your own tailored learning pathway.  You will have the option to share or unshared some or all of this information in your own public profile.
Personal data is stored within your User account on the platform and access is completely restricted via encrypted networks and access permissions in order to ensure the highest levels of confidentiality and protection.  No personal data is available to download or remove from the platform by employees or third parties, and Alison ensures that only authorised personnel have online access to a User’s account data.
Users may decide to post comments on the Alison Blog or interact with other Users in a way which is public or widely available to Alison Users through postings, sharing, course reviews, direct communications, giving testimonials, uploading photos or commenting on different parts of the Alison platform (“Shared Content” or “Public Posting”).  Alison will collect and store Public Postings and Shared Content which will become publicly available or viewable by others.  When you share content or make a public posting you are consenting to granting Alison a non-exclusive right and license to reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, offer, market and otherwise use and exploit the Public Postings and Shared Content. However Alison is not responsible for how other Users may use such publicly available information or otherwise accessible to others who have access to the Services. Users are expected to use their discretion when making such posts. In the event that a User is selected as "Learner of the Day" or "Learner of the Month", the User agrees to allow Alison to publish their Registration Information (except for your email address), Profile Information, and Course Information as well as your response to the accolade for marketing purposes and/or via Alison Services.
Back to Table of Contents
4. Course information
After registration, a User can enroll in a course offered by Alison or its affiliated Publishers.  Aggregated data on age, gender (where available) and country of origin is shared with affiliated Publishers relating to the Users enrolled on the courses they teach, and is subject to a legal agreement between Alison and each individual Publisher.  There is no way for a Publisher to access or derive User level information from this aggregated information.
Alison processes certain data relevant to the publication and playback of course content by publishers and learners. Certain data is collected to ensure Users, publishers and learner progress are uniquely identified and accurate records are maintained in order to deliver the Alison learning service and  to comply with relevant legal obligations.  This will include regular emails to keep Users informed of their progress and make various suggestions and recommendations. Patterns of usage behaviour and course content evaluation is also collected and stored as metadata to help Alison and Publishers improve the services and offer the most appropriate content and courses to registered Users.
Back to Table of Contents
5. Third party information processors and service providers
All User personal data is stored securely on third party cloud-based electronic storage and safeguarded. User purchases of physical goods require a home delivery address to process orders. Alison uses payment processing and fulfilment partners who will receive sensitive PII to enable payment collection and when necessary, physical fulfilment. Highly sensitive data, such as credit card information and passwords are never received by Alison (e.g. when you allow third party authentication via your social media sign-on, or by choosing third party payment providers such as Paypal or Stripe, that isolate Alison from your payment details). Recurring payment details are stored by a third party payment provider that you choose and not by Alison.  Although Alison allows Users to register with their social media single sign-on (such as Facebook, Google, Linked-in etc.) the information available on these third party platforms is governed by their terms and information sharing practices. Alison only takes necessary information from these social platforms (i.e. your name, email address, and country for legitimate purposes) and does NOT take any other personal or social information on your friends and contacts from these platforms.
Alison tests and operates a number of analytical tags, scripts and tracking pixels (also known as web beacons) from third party providers such as Google, Facebook, Bing, and Hotjar) to enable browser and mobile analytics that measure page views and sessions. This helps Alison understand User behaviours as the visit, navigate and leave the Alison platform.
Alison provides free learning supported through advertising services managed by third parties.  Alison both buys online ads and sells online ads through third party providers (e.g. Google AdWords, Bing, Facebook Ads and Google AdSense). Cookies and tracking pixels are used by advertising service providers as independent third party data controllers to enable personalised advertising to the User based on intent, search history and demographics built up by advertising service providers over time. Alison has no access to these third party cookies or tracking technology nor any control over how third party advertising service providers use the data they collect.
Back to Table of Contents
6. Technical data collection
As an internet based service, web server log files are also collected and monitored for usage and behaviour patterns over time. User device information and IP addresses are also collected to understand platform traffic flows how each User interacts with Alison Services and to ensure the right balance of technical support, customer service resources and device expertise is available to Users.
Alison also stores and uses cookie information (a piece of text saved on each User’s device) to help track unique user sessions, to personalise Alison Services for the User.  Alison stores Preference, Security, Functional and Session cookies to tailor the usage experience, securely automate User login and enable purchase transactions. Alison uses web beacons to help monitor email communications with our registered Users to understand which messages are successfully delivered and read.
Back to Table of Contents
7. User consent and self-service control
By using Alison Services and directly inputting your information on the platform, you the User are consenting to the collection and use of your data by Alison. You have full access to your information through your user account, and are responsible for ensuring that you keep your personal details up-to-date through the platform.  You have the power to modify your personal data and the power to deactivate your account and request the removal of your personally identifiable information when you delete your account.  You may modify your email client, browser settings or use browser add-ons to control how cookies, beacons and other third party services work.  Privacy settings are also provided on your mobile device operating system to give you more control over your data.  Reducing the level of data shared and advertising options may reduce the quality of, or disable, some or all Alison services.
To understand and control how the digital advertising industry uses your data please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link.  These help you to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, You can visit the Google Ads Settings page.  Opting out means that your personal data is not used to personalise ads.  Opting out does not mean you will not receive ads.  Alison has no affiliation nor control over these industry initiatives and how you use these tools is your own responsibility.
Alison recognises the privacy interests of children. Parents and guardians need to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. Digital consent is generally not legally recognised for children under the age of 13, or under the age of 16 where such children reside in the European Economic Area. Parents and legal guardians should not allow their children defined as such to register, enrol and learn on the Alison platform without full time supervision. Alison reserves the right to delete any User account that we discover was created by a child unable to give digital consent. If a parent or guardian discovers that Alison has unlawfully collected the personal information from a child please contact our data protection officers who will take all reasonable steps to delete such information promptly.
Back to Table of Contents
8. Retention of data
Alison is under a legal obligation to keep certain data for a specified period of time. Furthermore Alison aggregates data and anonymises User accounts that are deleted so that it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person. Such Other Information is used by Alison for other relevant business purposes for as long as necessary.  This may include keeping Other Information after the User has deleted their account for whatever period of time needed for Alison to pursue its legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce commercial agreements.
Back to Table of Contents
9. Security and disclosure of data
The organisation will take all reasonable steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place to protect the confidentiality of electronically stored data. The platform is large and public and subject to regular attack by hackers.  The platform has been hardened extensively over time however no online system is perfect or immune from breach. Alison has appropriate security measures in place to protect against unauthorised access.  Safeguards are applied to the processing and retention of data. These include:
Limitations on access to prevent unauthorised consultation, alteration, disclosure or erasure of personal data.
Strict time limits for erasure of personal data in line with our retention policy.
Logging mechanisms to permit verification of whether and by whom personal data has been consulted, altered, disclosed or erased.
Pseudonymisation, anonymisation and encryption.
The platform databases are not accessible directly by employees or software developers other than authorised DevOps administrators. Multi factor authentication is required for all authorised DevOps administrators to ensure access to sensitive data is restricted to the maximum possible.
Security measures will be reviewed from time to time, having regard to the technology available, the cost and the risk of unauthorised access.
Security measures will be reviewed from time to time, having regard to the technology available, the cost and the risk of unauthorised access.
Customer Support employees will have access to a certain amount of personal data relating to users and other third parties. Employees must not disclose User’s personal data, except where necessary in the course of their employment or in accordance with law. They must not remove or destroy personal data except for lawful reasons and with the permission of the organisation. Any breach of the data protection principles is a serious matter and may lead to disciplinary action up to and including dismissal. All Alison employees must adhere to the following data protection principles:
Process data fairly, lawfully and transparently.
Keep data only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes.
Process data only in ways which are compatible with the purposes for which it was given.
Ensure data is accurate and up-to-date.
Ensure data is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purpose for which it was given.
Keep data safely and securely.
Retain personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it is processed and in line with the company’s data retention policy.
Users have an obligation to keep their User account credential sufficiently strong, protected for safe-keeping and private to themselves to prevent unauthorised access. Users must monitor and control all activity on their account.  If you suspect a breach of your account please change your password immediately and contact Alison customer support so that the impact can be minimised.
Were a data breach to occur and if such a breach puts individuals’ personal rights and freedoms at risk and Alison is unable to contain those risks, all affected individuals will be notified expeditiously.  Furthermore Alison’s data protection officers will inform the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland so that they are aware and can monitor the response.
Back to Table of Contents
10. Data Protection Officers
The directors of the company are ultimately responsible for your data, and have nominated a named Data Protection Officer for Alison (“DPO”). The DPO is are responsible for assisting the organisation in monitoring and maintaining compliance with data protection legislation.
Please email your data protection and privacy queries or concerns to
dpo@alison.com
Back to Table of Contents
11. Access requests
Users across the world may have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this Information.  Your Alison User Account provides the settings and self-service tools needed for these requests.  Please contact Alison Customer Services if you wish to get a complete copy of all your electronic data held about you as a User.  If a User opts to delete their User account, Alison will delete all PII, Profile and Resumé data, and will irreversibly anonymise their learner record.
There is no charge to use Alison’s User account self-service tools.  However the company reserves the right to charge a fee to process any further Subject Access Request. The organisation will, in most circumstances, provide this data within one month. In some cases, due to the complexity of the request or the number of requests being handled by the organisation, the organisation may require a further two months to provide this data.
Users are only entitled to access data about themselves and will not be provided with data relating to other users or third parties.  However some user data may have been disclosed publicly on Alison forums for example.  It may be possible to block out User data relating to a third party or conceal the User’s identity, and where this is possible the organisation will endeavour to do so.  A user who is dissatisfied with the outcome of an access request has the option of referring a complaint to the office of the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland.
Office of the Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23, Ireland
Phone: +353 57 868 4757
Email: info@dataprotection.ie
Back to Table of Contents
12. Right to object
Users may have the right to object to data processing that is causing them distress and/or to make corrections to personal data which is inaccurate. Where such objection is justified, the organisation will cease processing the data unless it has a legitimate interest that prevents this. Alison will make every effort to alleviate the distress caused to the individual. An objection should be made in writing to the Data Protection Officer, outlining the data in question and the harm being caused.
Back to Table of Contents
13. International transmission of data
Based in the Republic of Ireland, Alison operates on a global basis and it may be necessary in the course of business to collect or transfer User personal data across state boundaries, to share data with other group companies in countries outside the European Economic Area, and to share information with third party service providers.  The transfer of such data is deemed necessary for the management and administration of your User Account and delivery of Alison Services. Some states do not have comparable data protection laws to Ireland or the EU.  When data transfer is necessary, Alison will take steps to ensure that the data has an equal level of protection as it would in Ireland or as expected within other leading international jurisdictions. Furthermore Alison will only transmit data to companies that agree to guarantee the same level of protection. For more information, please contact Alison’s Data Protection Officers.
Back to Table of Contents
14. Policy review and modification
Alison has completed a Data Protection Impact Assessment and put the necessary policy and procedures in place to minimise risks to users data privacy and maximise data protection. This policy will be reviewed from time to time to take into account changes in the law and the experience of the policy in practice. Updates will be posted to the website when available. Material updates will be circulated to each User via the registered User email on the User Account. Continued usage of the Alison Service is deemed to be User acceptance of this policy as permitted by applicable law.
Back to Table of Contents
Alison Cookies Policy
Effective Date: May 17, 2018
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed onto your computer or device as you browse the Internet. Cookies can be used to collect, store and share bits of information about your activities across websites and services, including on Alison. They also allow us to remember things about your visit to Alison, such as your preferred language and other choices/settings and generally make the site easier for you to use.
Alison uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie is used to identify a particular visit to Alison. These cookies expire after a short time, or when you close your web browser after using Alison. We use these cookies to identify you during a single browsing session, such as when you log into Alison. A persistent cookie will remain on your devices for a set period of time specified in the cookie. We use these cookies where we need to identify you over a longer period of time. For example, we would use a persistent cookie if you asked that we keep you signed in.
Why does Alison use cookies and similar technologies?
Alison uses cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, browser cookies, pixel tags, or local shared objects (“flash cookies”), to deliver, measure, and improve our services in various ways. We use cookies both when you access our site and services on a browser, as well as through our native mobile app. As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional information through other methods.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication and security:
To log you into Alison;
To protect your security;
and
To help us detect and fight spam, abuse, and other activities that violate Alison’s agreements and terms.
For example, these technologies help authenticate your access to Alison and prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your accounts.
Preferences:
To remember information about your browser and your preferences;
and
To remember your settings and other choices you have made.
For example, cookies help us remember your preferred language or the country that you are in. We can then provide you with content in your preferred language without having to ask you each time you visit Alison.
Analytics and research:
To help us improve and understand how people use Alison.
For example, cookies help us test different versions of Alison to see which particular features or content users prefer. We may include web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened and for other analytics. We might also optimize and improve your experience on Alison by using cookies to see how you interact with Alison, such as when and how often you use them and what links you click on.
To help us better understand how people use Alison, we work with a number of analytics partners, including Google Analytics. These providers use cookies and similar technologies to help us analyze how users use the Services, including by noting the third-party Services from which you arrive. The information collected will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of Alison. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out plugin by
clicking here
.
We don’t release the information collected from our own cookies to any third parties, other than to our service providers who assist us in these activities.
Personalized content:
To customize Alison with more relevant content.
Advertising:
To provide you with more relevant advertising.
As explained further in our
Privacy Policy
, third-parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via Alison may use cookies to collect information about your activities on the Services, other sites, and/or the ads you have clicked on. This information may be used by them to serve ads that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you and measure the effectiveness of their ads.
Targeting and advertising cookies we use may include
Google Analytics
,
Google Adsense
and
Doubleclick for Publishers
as well as other advertising networks and services we use from time to time.
For more information about targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt out, you can visit
youronlinechoices.eu
or
allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
. Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into Alison, you may still receive advertising content even if you opt-out of tailored advertising. In that case, the advertising content will just not be tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms.
When accessing Alison from a mobile application, you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system, such as iOS and Android, provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or operating system or contact the applicable platform operator.
What are my privacy options?
You have a number of options to control or limit how we and our partners use cookies.
This cookie policy is available at our site.– By continuing to use or access Alison, you are consenting to our use of cookies and related technologies as described in this Cookies Policy.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser’s toolbar. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some of the interactive features of Alison.
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the
Adobe website
and make changes at the
Global Privacy Settings Panel
.
For general information about cookies and how to disable them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Changes to this Policy
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Policy on Alison with a new effective date. If we make a material change to this Policy, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in advance of the planned change.
Questions
If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please email us at
privacy@alison.com
.
Empower Yourself For Free
Join our community of 45 million+ learners, upskill with CPD UK accredited courses, explore career development tools and psychometrics - all for free.
Having trouble
Logging In
?
Get in touch
Sign Up
Log In
Sign in with Google
or
Keep me logged in
Forgot Password?
Don’t have an account?
Sign Up
Are you a course creator?
Click Here
Sign in with Google
or
Already have an account?
Log In
By signing up, I accept Alison's
Terms & Conditions
Forgot Password?
No worries, we will send reset instructions to your email address.
Cancel
Reset password form here
Enter your friend's email address
Share It
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager02.html:
Accessibility
Home
Support
Documentation
Flash Player Documentation
Flash Player Help
Settings Manager
Global Privacy Settings panel
Global Storage Settings panel
Global Security Settings panel
Website Privacy Settings panel
Website Storage Settings panel
Protected Content Playback Settings panel
Peer-Assisted Networking Panel
Table of Contents
Flash Player Help
Display settings
Privacy settings
Local storage settings
Microphone settings
Camera settings
Local storage pop-up question
Privacy pop-up question
Security pop-up question
Peer-assisted networking pop-up question
Global Privacy Settings panel
This content requires Flash
Download the free Flash Player now!
Note:
The Settings Manager that you see above is not an image; it is the actual Settings Manager. Click the tabs to see different panels, and click the options in the panels to change your Adobe Flash Player settings.
Use this panel to reset the privacy settings in  Flash Player:
If you select Always Deny and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone will be denied access. You will not be asked again if a website can use your camera or microphone. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you select Always Ask and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone must ask your permission. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you previously selected Remember in the
Privacy Settings
panel to permanently allow or deny access for one or more websites, selecting Always Ask or Always Deny has the effect of deselecting Remember for all those websites. In other words, the selection you make here overrides any previous selections you may have made in the
Privacy Settings
panel.
After you select either Always Ask or Always Deny (or instead of doing so), you can specify privacy settings for individual websites that you have already visited. For example, you might select Always Deny here and then use the
Website Privacy Settings Panel
and select Always Allow for individual websites that you know and trust.
For an overview of issues relating to privacy, see
What are privacy settings?
in the discussion of the Settings Manager.