Privacy Policy
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Access to this Site and the use of information contained on it is governed by the terms and conditions set out below.
These terms and conditions are important and are for the protection of both you and us. Please take the time to read the terms and conditions carefully.
By proceeding further you will be deemed to have accepted them.
Please note that a reference to “we” means the “Credit Union” and our associates, “you” means any and all persons accessing or using this Website or availing of any services or information contained on this Website.
Owner and Data Controller
Waterford Credit Union
1 Parnell St
Waterford City
Co. Waterford
Ireland
X91 A993
Owner contact email:
info@waterfordcu.ie
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Trackers; Usage Data; number of Users; city; device information; session statistics; latitude (of city); longitude (of city); browser information; first name; last name; phone number; email address; Data communicated while using the service; answers to questions; user content; contents of the email or message; profile picture; date of the message; time the message was sent; sender of the message; company name.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Website to provide its services. In cases where this Website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Website or by the owners of third-party services used by this Website serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Website.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorised destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organisational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Analytics, Tag Management, Displaying content from external platforms, Contacting the User, Registration and authentication provided directly by this Website, Interaction with live chat platforms, Building and running this Website, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Managing contacts and sending messages and Managing data collection and online surveys.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyse web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behaviour.
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilises the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Google Analytics 4 (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics 4 is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In Google Analytics 4, IP addresses are used at collection time and then discarded before Data is logged in any data center or server. Users can learn more by consulting
Google’s official documentation
.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: browser information; city; device information; latitude (of city); longitude (of city); number of Users; session statistics; Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Building and running this Website
Key components of this Website are built and run directly by the Owner by making use of the software listed below.
WordPress (self-hosted) (this Website)
This Website is built and run by the Owner via a CMS software (Content Management System) called WordPress.
Personal Data processed: company name.
Contacting the User
Contact form (this Website)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorises this Website to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name; phone number.
Mailing list or newsletter (this Website)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Website. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Website or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Website and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Font Awesome (Fonticons, Inc. )
Font Awesome is a typeface visualisation service provided by Fonticons, Inc.  that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Fonts (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualisation service provided by Google Ireland Limited that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
YouTube video widget (Google Ireland Limited)
YouTube is a video content visualisation service provided by Google Ireland Limited that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Website to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Website.
Some services among those listed below, if any, may work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
SiteGround Hosting (SiteGround Hosting Ltd.)
SiteGround Hosting is a hosting service provided by SiteGround Hosting Ltd.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United Kingdom –
Privacy Policy
.
Interaction with live chat platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party live chat platforms directly from the pages of this Website, in order to contact and be contacted by this Website‘s support service.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be logged.
WhatsApp Business Chat widget (Meta Platforms Ireland Limited)
WhatsApp Business Chat widget is a service for interacting with the WhatsApp instant messaging app and platform provided by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
Personal Data processed: answers to questions; contents of the email or message; Data communicated while using the service; date of the message; first name; last name; phone number; profile picture; sender of the message; time the message was sent; user content.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Mailjet (SAS Mailjet)
Mailjet is an email address management and message sending service provided by SAS Mailjet.
Personal Data processed: email address; Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  France –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing data collection and online surveys
This type of service allows this Website to manage the creation, deployment, administration, distribution and analysis of online forms and surveys in order to collect, save and reuse Data from any responding Users.
The Personal Data collected depend on the information asked and provided by the Users in the corresponding online form.
These services may be integrated with a wide range of third-party services to enable the Owner to take subsequent steps with the Data processed - e.g. managing contacts, sending messages, analytics, advertising and payment processing.
Elementor Form widget (Elementor Ltd.)
Elementor Form widget is a form builder for Elementor.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; phone number.
Place of processing:  Israel –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Website
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Website to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only. The Data collected are only those necessary for the provision of the service requested by the Users.
Direct registration (this Website)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Website.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Website in a centralised fashion.
This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Personal Data processed: Trackers.
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie
Policy.
Cookie Policy
This Website uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organisation governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or enquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Website or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Website and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Website (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Website and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilised by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilised to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilised by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.
This Website (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
PRIVACY STATEMENT & COOKIE POLICY
Waterford Credit Union Limited
1. Who we are
We are Waterford Credit Union Limited (“we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This statement sets out the basis on which any of your personal data is processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we treat it. We are a data controller for the purpose of the Irish Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (“Acts”) and relevant EU General Data Protection Regulations.
2. Information we may collect about you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information provided at the time of registering to use our online credit union services.
Information that you or others provide by filling in forms on our website or which you or they otherwise provide to us.
Any instructions we accept from you or transactions we undertake to which you are a party, whether through our website, branches or otherwise.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Telephone calls may be recorded. This is to verify your information, for our staff training, regulatory and for service quality purposes.
Information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
This information may be Personal Information or Anonymous Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
refers to information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual or business entity.  Examples may include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, Social Security number, PPSN or TIN Identification number, birthdate, banking information or other information.
Anonymous Information
means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, a particular individual or business.  You could provide Anonymous Information or it could be collected automatically.  Examples may include information about your internet browser, device information about your device you use to access the Site (this information may include geolocation information and unique device information), demographic data such as city, usage information about your use of the Site, additional traffic data such as time and date of access, software crash reports, session identification numbers and access time, and other information regarding your use of the Site.
3. Use of Cookies
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the Website to operate. You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit the website. We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration, to help us provide a better service; to record session information and/or to assist you in browsing the website. This may in some instances only be statistical data about how you browse our website through online tracking. For the same reason, we may obtain information about your usage of the website by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. Cookies help us to improve the website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
to estimate usage numbers and patterns;
to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise the website according to your individual interests;
to speed up your searches; and
to recognise you when you return to the website.
The website uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the website. The Cookies used by this product collect information in an anonymous form and are used by many different websites. If you wish to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, please visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. We use service providers such as Google Analytics, which use cookies and other similar technologies, to collect information about use of the Sites anonymously and report website trends, without identifying individual visitors. By using the Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page, and if the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to personal information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments and if required by law, obtain your consent.
4. What we do with your information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
to provide credit union and other related services, products and facilities to you;
to assess eligibility and credibility for the services, products and facilities we offer;
to implement any contracts we have entered into with you; and
to conduct credit searches with credit reference agencies in order to provide credit facilities and, where necessary, for fraud prevention and debt recovery
to provide you with access to the site
to communicate with you about your account with us and send you information about features and enhancements on or to our site
to send you newsletters, offers and promotions for our services, third party products and services, or special events by e-mail, text, or another medium, at all times in compliance with your privacy
to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
to perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the site.
We may also use information about you to notify you about changes to our services to which you have subscribed or to provide you with information about products or services that you request from us or, where you have agreed to us doing so, which we feel may interest you. We may use anonymised or statistical information to analyse our website and services and to make improvements or other adjustments to them. We use your information to support our legal and compliance obligations.
5. Where we store your personal information
It is possible that some of the information about you that we hold may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us, one of our suppliers or someone else. For instance, if it is necessary to do so to complete a transaction, your personal information (e.g. name and account details) may be sent to a third party or one of our contracted supplies outside the EEA. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy statement. You thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage or processing of that information in the EEA and you understand that your information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and laws as applicable. We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We will comply with applicable laws that govern the transfer of personal information in transactions and provide with appropriate notification and choice, as required by law. As a result, please be aware that in such event and to the extent permitted by law we may transfer some or all of your information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged. Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.  Nevertheless, to the extent permitted by law, we may not be able to promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.
6. Who do we share or transmit your information with
We may share personal and anonymous information with agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners and other third parties that perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing, content management tools, analytics, customer service, fraud protection and debt collection.  These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal Information.  The Service Providers are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services.
7. Security for CU Online
All information you provide to us through CU Online is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions undertaken through CU Online are encrypted using SSL technology. You must keep your PIN, Password and Username for CU Online, and any other security device we give you, safe and secure. You should log off CU Online and your Online Account when finished using CU Online. The use of the Internet, by its nature, is not always secure. As a result, while we have reasonable IT security measures in place, we cannot guarantee the security or privacy of communications made over the Internet including any related to CU Online, the Online Services or your Online Account. You are responsible for providing all you require to safely and properly access and use CU Online and the Online Services including a computer, an Internet connection and security software. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  We review our security procedures to consider appropriate technology and methods to secure information and take steps to keep your personal information safe.
8. Your Rights
You have rights under the Irish Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and EU GDP Regulations. You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes and to ‘opt out’ from consent. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@waterfordcu.ie. You also have the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Acts and Regulations. Any data access request may be made in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. Your obligations in using the site is to provide true, accurate, current and complete information. If Waterford Credit Union has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Waterford Credit Union has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).  You are entirely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.
9. Changes to our Privacy Statement
Any changes we may make to our privacy statement in the future will be posted on this page.
10. Contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy statement are welcomed and should be addressed to info@waterfordcu.ie
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Waterford Credit Union is concerned about children’s privacy. The websites that we operate provide a forum for all of our members, including children, to view our products and what is happening in our Credit Union world. While we encourage children to participate appropriately in our websites, their privacy is extremely important to us. This Children’s Privacy Statement explains our information practices in connection with information provided by children under the age of 18 on websites that link to this Children’s Privacy Statement. The websites are controlled and operated by us from Ireland and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the Republic Of Ireland. Our goal is to minimise the information gathered from and disseminated about children under 18 while permitting them active participation in the trustworthy information, education and independent voice for which Waterford Credit Union is known.
A. How We Collect and Use Information from Children
Children can explore the websites, and can view and print reviews, comments and other content without providing any personal information. We do not permit children under 16 years of age to become an on-line banking user. We may use information collected from children during the exploration of our Sites in the following manner:
To confirm the child’s account
To determine the child’s current age in order to respond to any queries in an appropriate manner.
Children may post comments on our websites provided they are eligible users of said websites. We moderate all postings including children’s postings to remove personal information, and
we encourage parents to discuss with their children why they should NEVER include personal information in comments posted to the websites
. Children may also participate in other online activities, such as polls. All members, including children, have the ability to delete their postings to the websites. Or the member can send an email requesting deletion to info@waterfordcu.ie, noting their name and date of the comment. It is possible that deleted reviews or comments will remain in our system (such as in backups of our data), but they will not be visible through the Sites. Please note that your request or deletion does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been re-posted by another user. When children interact with the websites, certain technical information may automatically be collected, both to make our websites more interesting and useful and for various internal purposes related to our business. Examples of information that is automatically collected include: the type of computer operating system, the device’s IP address or mobile device identifier, the web browser, the frequency with which the child visits various parts of our websites, and information regarding the online or mobile service provider. This information is collected using technologies such as cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and other unique identifiers (which we define under the “Use of Cookies” section of our general Privacy Policy). This information may be collected by us or by a third party. Persistent identifier information is used by Waterford Credit Union for the sole purpose of providing support for our internal operations, including in order to:
Ensure that the websites function properly
Enable us to conduct research and analysis to understand, address and improve the use and performance of the websites, and
Diagnose and respond to problems
We may work with third parties to perform site analytics and provide services to keep your user experience on the Site free of spam.
B. What Information About Children Is Shared?
We do not disclose to third parties any children’s personal information that we collect other than as follows, consistent with applicable law: (a) with a parent’s permission, (b) as required by any applicable law, (c) to third-party service providers who help us operate or manage the Sites, (d) as part of aggregated data shared with third-party service providers, (e) to comply with legal process, (f) to respond to governmental requests, (g) to enforce our Terms of Service, (h) to protect our operations, (i) for assistance in fraud detection and prevention; (j) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Waterford Credit Union, your child or others, (k) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain, and (l) in connection with a disposition of all or a substantial portion of our business, assets or stock, such as a sale, merger, consolidation, reorganisation, joint venture, assignment, or bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
C. How May Parents Access, Change or Delete Information About Their Child?
Parents may at any time access or change the personal information that we have collected online from their children. Parents may also ask us to cease further collection of personal information from their children, or to make no further use of, or delete, the personal information we have collected online from their children, in which case, the child’s account will be deleted. Parents may contact us at info@waterfordcu.ie. For your child’s protection, we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
D. How May Parents Raise Other Questions or Concerns?
If a parent has any questions or concerns about his or her child’s use of the Sites, we encourage the parent to contact us at info@waterfordcu.ie
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more
Sub-policy 1
https://fontawesome.com/privacy:
Last
updated:
November 11, 2024
Privacy Policy
Dive into the data Font Awesome collects about you. Here we explain what we collect and when we collect it. You can also learn about how it's used -
          and as importantly, how it's not used. Lastly, let's walk through how you can control and manage this data.
On This Page
What is Font Awesome?
How does Font Awesome collect data about me?
What data does Font Awesome collect about me, and why?
How can I make choices about data collection?
Where does Font Awesome store data about me?
Does Font Awesome comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?
Where can I see, change, and erase data about me?
Does Font Awesome share data about me with others?
How can I contact Font Awesome about privacy?
How can I find out about changes?
Content Delivery Network Providers
Payment Processors
Other Services
EU-U.S. Data Protection Framework Statement and Policy
Link to "What is Font Awesome?"
What is Font Awesome?
Font Awesome is the company home of
Font Awesome Icons
, libraries of free-to-use and paid icons. As a company, Font Awesome publishes icons
        on its website,
fontawesome.com
, as well through
content delivery networks
for use on customers' websites.
Font Awesome sets only its own privacy policy, not the privacy policies of Font Awesome customers, affiliates, or others who use Font Awesome icons.
        You should ask all of those involved in administering and hosting websites that you use for their privacy policies.
Link to "How does Font Awesome collect data about me?"
How does Font Awesome collect data about me?
Font Awesome collects data about you:
when you browse
fontawesome.com
when you use Font Awesome's
content delivery networks
, or visit websites that do
when you create and use an account on
fontawesome.com
when you buy products and services from Font Awesome through the
fontawesome.com
web store
when you contact Font Awesome by e-mail for support or other help
Font Awesome does not buy or otherwise receive data about you from data brokers.
Link to "What data does Font Awesome collect about me, and why?"
What data does Font Awesome collect about me, and why?
Font Awesome collects data about visits to fontawesome.com.
When you visit
fontawesome.com
, whether you have an account or not, the site uses cookies, server logs, and other
          methods to collect data about what pages you visit and when.
Font Awesome uses data about how you use the website to:
optimize the website, so it's quick and easy to use
diagnose and debug technical errors
defend the website from abuse and technical attacks
associate your browsing session with an affiliate, if you click throug h an affiliate's referral link
associate your account with an affiliate, if you buy after clicking thr ough an affiliate's referral link
compile statistics on icon popularity
compile statistics on the kinds of software and computers visitors use
Font Awesome usually stores data about how you use the forum in identifiable form for just a few weeks. In special circumstances, like extended
          investigations about technical attacks, Font Awesome may preserve log data longer, for analysis. Font Awesome stores aggregate statistics about use
          of the website indefinitely, but those statistics don't include data identifiable to you personally.
Font Awesome collects data about use of its content delivery networks.
Content delivery networks are worldwide networks of computer servers that make sure everyone online can download files quickly from servers near to
          them. Font Awesome uses content delivery networks to serve files for its free and
Pro
icons. Many websites using Font Awesome
          icons have visitors download the icons from Font Awesome's content delivery networks.
When you visit a website that uses a Font Awesome content delivery network to load icons, Font Awesome collects data about what icon files you
          download and when.
Font Awesome uses data about how you use Font Awesome content delivery networks to:
optimize the content delivery networks, so website visitors can down load files quickly
diagnose and debug technical errors
defend the content delivery networks from abuse and technical attacks
calculate fees for Font Awesome Pro customers
compile statistics on icon popularity
compile statistics on the kinds of software and computers visitors use
Font Awesome usually stores data about how you use content delivery networks in identifiable form for just a few weeks. In special circumstances,
          like extended investigations about technical attacks, Font Awesome may preserve log data longer, for analysis. Font Awesome stores aggregate
          statistics about use of content delivery networks indefinitely, but those statistics don't include data identifiable to you personally.
Font Awesome collects account data.
To buy
Font Awesome Pro
, access Pro files, and configure Pro services like
content delivery networks
, you need a
fontawesome.com
account. To sign up for an account, Font Awesome requires your e-mail address, you may optionally provide your name, your company's name and other
          preference data.
Font Awesome uses your account data to identify you on
fontawesome.com
.
Font Awesome uses your e-mail address to:
announce new versions of
Pro
icons, software, and services
advertise new Font Awesome products and services
send you alerts about Pro services
reset your password and help keep your account secure
contact you in special circumstances related to your account
contact you about legal requests
Font Awesome stores your account data as long as your account remains open.
Font Awesome collects payment card data.
To buy licenses and sign up for
Font Awesome Pro
, Font Awesome requires your payment card data. Font Awesome does not collect or store enough information to charge your card itself. Rather, Font
          Awesome's
payment processors
collect that data on Font Awesome's behalf, and gives Font Awesome security tokens that allow Font Awesome to create charges and subscriptions.
Font Awesome uses your payment card data only to charge for Font Awesome products and services. Font Awesome instructs its payment processors to
          store your payment card data only as long as you use paid Font Awesome services.
Link to "How can I make choices about data collection?"
How can I make choices about data collection?
You're free to visit
fontawesome.com
without logging in. You may also configure your web browser to disable cookies when visiting the website.
You can set your cookie preferences by clicking the "Cookie Preferences" link located in the footer of all pages.
You can opt out of Google Analytics using a
browser extension
.
Font Awesome does not respond to the
Do Not Track HTTP header
.
Link to "Where does Font Awesome store data about me?"
Where does Font Awesome store data about me?
Font Awesome stores account data, data about website use, and data about content delivery network use on servers in the United States of America.
Content delivery network servers are located worldwide, and store data about their use wherever they are located.
Link to "Does Font Awesome comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?"
Does Font Awesome comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?
Font Awesome respects privacy rights under
Regulation (EU) 2016/679
, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Information that GDPR requires Font Awesome to give can be found throughout these
    questions and answers.
Link to "How is Font Awesome in Compliance with GDPR if my Data is Transferred Internationally?"
How is Font Awesome in Compliance with GDPR if my Data is Transferred Internationally?
International transfers are allowed via the adequacy decision associated with the EU-U.S. Data Protection Framework.
Link to "Where can I see, change, and erase data about me?"
Where can I see, change, and erase data about me?
You can see and change your account data at any time by visiting your account page on
fontawesome.com
.
You can download a copy of all the data Font Awesome currently has about you
here
(requires login).
You can cancel your
Font Awesome Pro
subscription at any time. Canceling subscription will also start the process of deleting your account data.
Link to "Does Font Awesome share data about me with others?"
Does Font Awesome share data about me with others?
Font Awesome does not sell or give information about you to other companies or services. However, Font Awesome does use services from other companies
        to provide
fontawesome.com
,
content delivery networks
, and to distribute and develop icons and
        software. The companies behind those services may collect data about you on their own, for their own purposes. Some of these services may be used to
        collect information about your online activities across different websites. All of these services are based in the United States.
Affiliates are companies or individuals who recommend Font Awesome and refer customers through links that enable us to pay them a sales commission. We
        do not share any personally identifiable data about you with affiliates, even if you purchase Font Awesome through an affiliate's link. We provide
        affiliates with summary reports of sales and commissions, and a detail report that shows time-stamped log entries of when sales occur.
Link to "Content Delivery Network Providers"
Content Delivery Network Providers
Font Awesome uses content delivery network service providers to provide its
content delivery networks
:
Service
Privacy Notice
Cloudflare
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy
Link to "Payment Processors"
Payment Processors
Font Awesome uses payment processing services to collect and use
payment card data
:
Service
Privacy Notice
Braintree
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
PayPal
https://paypal.com/privacy
Stripe
https://stripe.com/privacy
Link to "Other Services"
Other Services
Font Awesome use several other services to run
fontawesome.com
, the
content delivery networks
, communicate with users and customers,
      and operate its business:
Service
Privacy Notice
Description
Amazon Web Services
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy
Provides cloud servers and services for running websites.
Basecamp
https://basecamp.com/about/policies/privacy
Manages Font Awesome team projects.
Backerkit
https://www.backerkit.com/privacy_policy
Manages Kickstarter campaign rewards delivery and shipping logistics.
GitHub
https://help.github.com/privacy-policy
Hosts source code and a private repository for Pro customers.
Google Analytics
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms
Compiles visitor statistics on
fontawesome.com
HelpScout
https://www.helpscout.net/company/legal/terms-of-service
Facilitates response to support questions.
Kickstarter
https://www.kickstarter.com/privacy
Hosts crowd-funding campaigns.
Sentry
https://sentry.io/privacy
Tracks technical errors.
Link to "How can I contact Font Awesome about privacy?"
How can I contact Font Awesome about privacy?
You can send privacy-related questions, complaints, and requests to Font Awesome at
privacy@fontawesome.com
.
For complaints under GDPR more generally, European Union users may lodge complaints with their local data protection supervisory authorities.
Link to "How can I find out about changes?"
How can I find out about changes?
This version of Font Awesome's privacy questions and answers took effect
November 11, 2024
.
Font Awesome will post the next version at
https://fontawesome.com/privacy
. Font Awesome may change how it announces changes in future versions.
      In the meantime, Font Awesome may update
its contact information
and
list of service providers
without announcing a change. Please refer to
https://fontawesome.com/privacy
for the latest information at any time.
Link to "EU-U.S. DPF Statement and Policy"
EU-U.S. DPF Statement and Policy
This EU-U.S. DPF Statement and Policy (this “policy”) explains the rights and policies concerning Fonticons, Inc.’s (“we,” “our,” or the “company’s”)
      collection, use, sale, and sharing of the personal information relating to any user (“you”) of our website, products, services, and other online tools
      and resources. We may update and make changes to this policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically. This policy only addresses specific matters
      concerning collection, use, sale, and sharing of certain personal information. The terms herein supplement and amend our other policies, including but
      not necessarily limited to any of our other privacy policies. For additional information regarding how the company addresses privacy matters, please
      review all of our posted policies. It is the intention of our policy to ensure compliance with EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the
      EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and to safeguard the rights created and outlined therein as such rights relate to citizens of
      the EU, UK, and Switzerland.
Personal Data We Collect About You.
We collect information to provide goods and/or services to you, to help improve your customer experience,
        and to support our business functions. We may collect the following categories of consumer personal data:
Identifiers:
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual such as
          your name and email address.
Commercial information:
Purchase and transaction history, as well as information necessary to detect and prevent fraud when processing
          payments.
Quantitative Site Use:
Information pertaining to your use of our site, such as page views, the source of your visit, views of content
          during a visit, bandwidth utilized, stored video preferences, and information provided by you regarding your profile.
Geolocation data.
Why We Use Your Personal Information.
We use your consumer personal information for the following business purposes:
Maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information,
          processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services;
Advertising or marketing;
Helping to ensure security and integrity and prevent fraud;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services or devices and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them;
Auditing or monitoring of transactions and engagements;
Compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Conducting research and analysis;
To conduct other activities for legitimate business purposes
Third Parties.
The information described herein may be stored on servers owned by third parties in the ordinary course of business.
Our Participation in the EU-U.S. DPF.
In order to comply with certain domestic and international legal requirements, we participate in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the "EU-U.S.
          DPF"). If you would like additional information regarding the EU-U.S. DPF other than what is contained in our Privacy Policy, such information is
          available at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
As described herein, Fonticons, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices in the State of Arkansas and State of Missouri, collects certain personal
          information (described above) and shares it with certain other parties (described above). As part of our participation in EU-U.S. DPF, we adhere to
          certain Principles, as described on and defined by the EU-U.S. DPF website (the "Principles"). Any of our subsidiaries also adhere to such
          Principles.
It is the intention of this policy to ensure compliance with EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.
          Data Privacy Framework, and to safeguard the rights created and outlined therein as such rights relate to citizens of the EU, UK, and Switzerland.
Fonticons, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data
          Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Fonticons, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce
          that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received
          from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Fonticons, Inc. has certified
          to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to
          the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
          privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data
          Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
As described herein, Fonticons, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices in the State of Arkansas and State of Missouri, collects certain personal
          information (described above) and shares it with certain other parties (described above). As part of our participation in EU-U.S. DPF, we adhere to
          certain Principles, as described on and defined by the EU-U.S. DPF website (the “Principles”). Any of our subsidiaries also adhere to such
          Principles.
We are committed to applying the Principles to all data we receive from the EU in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF.
The purposes for which we collect certain personal data is described above.
If you need to contact us, regarding inquiries, or complaints, you can reach us by email at
dpo@awesome.me
or
privacy@fontawesome.com
, or by clicking Help on
          any page at
https://fontawesome.com
". In addition, certain EU officials and organizations may be able to
          respond to your inquiries or complaints. You may find their contact information at
https://edps.europa.eu/about-edps/contact_en
or
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/more-about-edpb/contact-us_en
As described herein, the information we retain may be stored on servers owned by third parties.
You have a right to access the data that we collect about you. If you would like to do so, please contact us via the methods listed above.
Certain personal data, your email for example, is required for the use of our services. Therefore, if you do not wish for us to collect or store any
          of your personal data, then we will be unable to provide services to you.
An independent dispute resolution body is available to address complaints and provide recourse free of charge to you concerning the issues set forth
          herein. Specifically, we have elected the JAMS Data Privacy Framework for disputes relating to EU-U.S. DPF. If you need to open a dispute resolution
          matter relating to EU-U.S. DPF, information is available here:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
Our services, including the activities described herein, may be subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
By utilizing our services, you agree that, except as described herein and subject to the limitations of the laws of relevant jurisdictions, all
          matters relating to EU-U.S. DPF shall be subject to binding arbitration. You may initiate binding arbitration in the event that any dispute
          resolution procedures described by paragraph 4(xi) herein are unsuccessful. Information regarding initiating binding arbitration is available here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
In the event we receive a lawful request by a public or legal authority, such as a subpoena, we are required to abide by such requests and may be
          required to disclose data containing your personal information, even if you would prefer that we do not make such disclosure. Such disclosures may
          be required to be made in situations including, but not limited to, the necessity to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
The rights and obligations contained in this Privacy Policy shall inure to the benefit or our, and your, heirs, successors, and assigns.
Opting Out.
You have the opportunity to choose to opt out of your personal information (i) being disclosed to a third party or (ii) being
        used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the
        individuals. To exercise such option, you can reach us by email at
dpo@awesome.me
or
privacy@fontawesome.com
, or by clicking Help on any page at
https://fontawesome.com
". For your reference, we do not gather personal information specifying medical or
        health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying
        the sex life of any individual
Our Liability.
The Recourse, Enforcement and Liability Principle of the Principles explains that, if we wrongfully transfer your data, we
        have continuing responsibility for the processing of such personal information. In such case, we remain liable under the Principles if our agent
        processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we were not responsible for the event giving
        rise to the damage.
More Information.
For more information concerning the Principles, please see
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/program-articles/FAQs
Font Awesome Pro License
See how and where you can use Font Awesome
Pro
's icons and software in your projects and work.
Font Awesome Free License
Read the details on how you can use Font Awesome Free pretty much anywhere and everywhere.
Terms of Service
Understand what terms and expectations we have of you when using Font Awesome's icons, software, and services.
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://www.siteground.com/privacy.htm:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We and our partners use cookies in order to enable essential services and functionality on our site, to collect data on how visitors interact with our site and for personalization of content and ads. By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the use of cookies by all of the websites listed in our
Cookie Policy
. By clicking on the Reject button or by closing this banner, you accept only the strictly necessary cookies and no analytics or targeting ones. To learn more about our use of cookies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
. You can manage your cookies preferences at any time in the Cookie Settings tool on our site.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Analytics/ Statistics
Marketing/ Targeting
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
CrazyEgg
1
Learn more about this provider
_ce.cch
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Pinterest
1
Learn more about this provider
is_eu
Determines whether the user is located within the EU and therefore is subject to EU's data privacy regulations.
SiteGround
15
Learn more about this provider
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
pdfjs.history
Remembers which and how many PDF-documents have been downloaded or read by the user. This is used for internal statistics.
wpEmojiSettingsSupports
This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
clients
Pending
login_invalidation
Pending
clients_fe_invalidation
Pending
ua/refresh-token-ttl
Pending
ua_invalidation
Pending
ua_session
Pending
ua_translations
Pending
ua_utilities
Pending
has_logged
Pending
has_logged_new_ua
Pending
logged_client_id
Pending
myushtkoi
Pending
Taboola
1
Learn more about this provider
datadome
Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website.
Typeform
7
Learn more about this provider
#.#-#-#-#-#.ack
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.inProgress
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.queue
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimEnd
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimStart
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
AWSALBTG
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBTGCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
Vimeo
1
Learn more about this provider
_cfuvid
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
analytics.siteground.com
consent.cookiebot.com
14
CookieConsent [x14]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
de.siteground.com
script.crazyegg.com
7
ce_successful_csp_check [x7]
Detects whether user behaviour tracking should be active on the website.
google-analytics.com
pinterest.com
x.adroll.com
3
ar_debug [x3]
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
gstatic.com
login.siteground.com
2
_grecaptcha [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
gstatic.com
recaptcha.net
10
rc::a [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::b [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::c [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::d-15# [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::f [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
it.siteground.com
siteground
siteground.co.uk
siteground.es
6
PHPSESSID [x6]
Preserves user session state across page requests.
recaptcha.net
www.recaptcha.net
2
_GRECAPTCHA [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
siteground.com
siteground.es
2
order_mkt_info [x2]
Pending
siteground
siteground.co.uk
siteground.com
siteground.es
25
crrcy [x5]
Pending
first_visit [x5]
Pending
http_referrer [x5]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
lxcprm [x5]
Pending
shrprm [x5]
Pending
t.co
vimeo.com
2
__cf_bm [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-#
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
SiteGround
3
Learn more about this provider
language
Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry.
chat_session
Pending
_authver_
Pending
Typeform
2
Learn more about this provider
tf_random_id
Used to implement forms on the website.
tf_respondent_cc
Used to implement forms on the website.
au.siteground.com
www.siteground.co.uk
5
adroll#adroll [x5]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Appnexus
1
Learn more about this provider
bounce
Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator.
CrazyEgg
5
Learn more about this provider
cetabid
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
_ce.clock_data
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_ce.s
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
cebs
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
cebsp_
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Google
9
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga [x5]
Pending
_ga_# [x4]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
browser_id
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
Outbrain
4
Learn more about this provider
dicbo_id [x4]
Collects statistics concerning the visitors' use of the website and its general functionality. This is used to optimize and compile reports on the website for comparison through a third party analysis service.
PubMatic
1
Learn more about this provider
PugT
Used to determine the number of times the cookies have been updated in the visitor's browser. Used to optimize the website's server efficiency.
SiteGround
5
Learn more about this provider
userSeenBanners
Pending
LAST_ACTION
Pending
searchstring [x3]
Pending
Taboola
1
Learn more about this provider
taboola global:last-external-referrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
Typeform
7
Learn more about this provider
rl_anonymous_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_group_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_group_trait
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_trait
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_user_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
dd_cookie_test_#
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
tracking_session_id
Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started.
script.crazyegg.com
de.siteground.com
7
ce_fvd [x7]
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
siteground.co.uk
siteground.com
siteground.es
6
FPID [x3]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
FPLC [x3]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
2
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Adroll
5
Learn more about this provider
__adroll
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
cm/#/out
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
cm/g/in
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
onp/PUJVW3WAKNAERA4SEEJW57/Q532CCDBLRA5FKYXIU3CML
Pending
pex/#
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Adroll Group
19
Learn more about this provider
__adroll_shared
Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant.
__adroll_consent_params [x5]
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
__ar_v4 [x5]
Optimises ad display based on the user's movement combined and various advertiser bids for displaying user ads.
_te_ [x5]
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
__adroll_fpc
Pending
adroll_dqs
Pending
adroll_flgs
Pending
Appnexus
4
Learn more about this provider
anj
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
bounce
Pending
uuid2
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
XANDR_PANID
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
Bidswitch
6
Learn more about this provider
c
Regulates synchronisation of user identification and exchange of user data between various ad services.
sync
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
sync
Pending
tuuid
Registers whether or not the user has consented to the use of cookies.
tuuid_lu
Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times.
ul_cb/sync
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Casale Media
5
Learn more about this provider
CMID
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
CMPRO
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
CMPS
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
rum
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
rum
Pending
Google
10
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_au [x4]
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
IDE
Pending
_gclxxxx
Pending
NID
Pending
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
pagead/gen_204/
Pending
Microsoft
14
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid [x4]
Pending
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MR
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
_uetvid [x3]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Openx
1
Learn more about this provider
w/1.0/sd
Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services.
Outbrain
2
Learn more about this provider
unifiedPixel
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
unifiedPixel
Pending
Pinterest
8
Learn more about this provider
_pin_unauth [x6]
Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
_pinterest_ct_ua
Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
v3/
Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
PubMatic
2
Learn more about this provider
AdServer/Pug
Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website.
KRTBCOOKIE_#
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads.
Reddit
9
Learn more about this provider
rp.gif
Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function.
_rdt_uuid [x8]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
RudderStack
3
Learn more about this provider
__tld__
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
rudder_cookies
Pending
test_rudder
Pending
Taboola
6
Learn more about this provider
#:session-data
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
eng_mt
Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website.
t_gid
This cookie assigns a specific visitor ID, when the visitor interacts with ads or content from the website - this allows the website to target the visitor with similar ads or content.
t_pt_gid
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
taboola global:user-id
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
taboola_session_id
This cookie is used to collect information on a visitor. This information will become an ID string with information on a specific visitor – ID information strings can be used to target groups with similar preferences, or can be used by third-party domains or ad-exchanges.
Tapad
4
Learn more about this provider
idsync/ex/receive/check
This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites.
TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS
Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks.
TapAd_DID
Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user.
TapAd_TS
Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user.
Triplelift
2
Learn more about this provider
xuid
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
xuid
Pending
Twitter Inc.
7
Learn more about this provider
1/i/adsct [x2]
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
guest_id
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service.
guest_id_ads
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
guest_id_marketing
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
Typeform
2
Learn more about this provider
#-visitorId
Pending
attribution_user_id
Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes.
YouTube
23
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::requests
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
adnxs.com
adroll.com
d.adroll.com
taboola.com
4
receive-cookie-deprecation [x4]
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
adroll
adroll/nextroll
s.adroll.com
9
__adroll_fpc [x9]
Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
connect.facebook.net
facebook
facebook.com
8
_fbp [x8]
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Unclassified
2
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
CrazyEgg
1
Learn more about this provider
ce_localstorage_test
Pending
SiteGround
1
Learn more about this provider
exprmnt_id
Pending
Cross-domain consent
12
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
au.siteground.com
careers.siteground.com
de.siteground.com
es.siteground.com
eu.siteground.com
fr.siteground.com
it.siteground.com
my.siteground.com
world.siteground.com
www.siteground.co.uk
www.siteground.com
www.siteground.es
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/21/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
At SiteGround we care about your privacy and believe in transparency. That’s why we are committed to being upfront about our privacy practices and provide settings that allow you to choose how certain information is used. Our Site uses Cookies to identify you. Cookies can store your account identifier, ordering status, personalisation or website tracking. They can also be used for technical purposes such as keeping track of your current shopping session or to save information for your languages preferences, so that we can offer improved and more personalised services, products and other relevant communication tailored to you, including to display targeted, or interest-based offers based on the products you currently own or have recently viewed. Here you can manage your preferences regarding Cookies, including not to allow some types of Cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Reject All
Allow selection
Cookie Settings
Accept all cookies
SiteGround Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the “
Policy
”, the “
Privacy Policy
”) applies to the processing of personal data by SiteGround Spain S.L., a company registered and existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain (registration number CIF: B87194171), with registered address: Calle de Prim 19, 28004 Madrid, Spain, ("
SiteGround
", "
we
", "
us
" and "
our
") in its capacity as a data controller of personal data.
The Policy explains our data privacy practices in regard to the processing of personal data of individuals (“
data subjects
”, “
you
”, “
your
”) who visit our website (the "
Site
"), and/or use the services and/or products ordered or accessed through the Site (the “
Services
”) and/or as otherwise described in the Policy below. For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy does not apply to the processing of your personal data by third parties whose websites are not owned and operated by us.
I. Categories of data subjects and types of personal data
For the purposes of this Policy, the individuals, whose personal data is subject to data processing under this Policy, respectively the types of their personal data processed by us, may be categorised as follows:
Website visitors
a. Definition: Individuals who visit our Site. For the avoidance of doubt, websites hosted by us but operated by our Customers are not part of the definition of Site. Our Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites, which are not under our control, and we are not responsible for their content. In the event that you follow a link to such pages, please note that there are other respective privacy policies that may apply and we do not have control over such pages. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these parties before using such other websites.
b. Types of personal data:
Contact information - We may collect personal data such as first and last name, email address and other contact and personal information when you sign up for our newsletter, register and get access to a demo version of any of our Services (e.g demo version of our Site Tools), download materials from our Site, such as e-books, communicate, comment, review and/or discuss topics in the sections provided for this on our Site.
Personal data, contained in log files - When you visit our Site we may process information such as your IP address, referral URL, exit URL, browser software, operating system, date/time and/or clickstream data.
Personal data collected through website analytics tools - We may collect information about your use of our Site, such as number of visits, pages visited, popularity of certain content. Analytics tools use tracking technologies (such as cookies) to recognise your device and compile information about you. They collect information such as what pages you visit and how much time you spend on these pages, the IP address assigned to you, what operating system and web browser you use, and what site you visited prior to visiting our Site.
Customers
a. Definition: Persons who enter into an agreement with us for the provision of Services.
b. Types of personal data:
Customer account information - We process personal information such as first and last name, name of the legal entity and its legal representative, address, phone number, email address, language preferences, IP address, payment and billing information (i.e. credit card information and/or PayPal account, personal or TAX identification number etc.), so you can place orders, request information, get support and use the Services. You may also opt to provide information about your Facebook and/or Twitter accounts.
Personal data, contained in log files - When a Customer visits our Site we may process information such as IP address, referral URL, exit URL, browser software, operating system, date/time and/or clickstream data.
Personal data collected through website analytics tools - We may collect information about Customer’s use of our Site, such as number of visits, pages visited, popularity of certain content. Analytics tools use tracking technologies (such as cookies) to recognise the device used and compile the information. They collect information such as what pages the Customer visits and how much time the Customer spends on these pages, its IP address, what operating system and web browser the Customer uses, and what site the Customer visited prior to visiting our Site.
Other types of personal data - When the Customer contacts us, including via any of our support channels, we may process the personal data provided to us (including voice) in order to deal with the Customer’s query. In addition, if the Customer loses access to its account, we may request certain documents in order to verify its identity. Those documents may contain personal data such as name, address, nationality, date of birth, identification document number, etc.
Users
a. Definition: Individuals who access and/or administer any of the Services for and on behalf of  our Customers.
b. Types of personal data:
User information - We may process personal information such as first and last name, address, phone number, email address, so you can access and/or administer the Services, request information and get support.
Personal data, contained in log files - When a User visits our Site we may process information such as IP address, referral URL, exit URL, browser software, operating system, date/time and/or clickstream data.
Personal data collected through website analytics tools - We may collect information about User’s use of our Site, such as number of visits, pages visited, popularity of certain content. Analytics tools use tracking technologies (such as cookies) to recognise the device used and compile the information. They collect information such as what pages the User visits and how much time the User spends on these pages, the IP address assigned to the User, what operating system and web browser the User uses, and what site the User visited prior to visiting our Site.
Other types of personal data - When the User contacts us, including via any of our support channels, we may process the personal data provided to us in order to deal with the User’s query.
Registrants
a. Definition: Owners of domain names, registered with us.
b. Types of personal data:
Domain name ownership information - We process personal data such as first and last name, name of the legal entity and its legal representative, address, phone number and email address of the Registrants, as well as the domain name and its status, name server, IP address etc.
End Users
a. Definition: Individuals who visit, access, use and/or interact with our Customers’ websites.
b. Types of personal data:
Personal data, contained in log files - When an End User visits our Customer’s website we process End User’s information such as IP address, domain name, date, request method, URI user agent, referrer, TLS version, cache data.
Affiliates
a. Definition: Persons who participate in our Affiliate Program.
b. Types of personal data:
Affiliate account information - We process personal information such as first and last name, date of birth, name of the legal entity and its legal representative, address, phone number, email address, IP address, payment information (i.e. PayPal account and/or bank account information, personal or TAX identification number etc.).
Personal data, contained in log files - When an Affiliate visits our Site we may process information such as IP address, referral URL, exit URL, browser software, operating system, date/time and/or clickstream data.
Personal data collected through website analytics tools - We may collect information about Affiliate’s use of our Site, such as number of visits, pages visited, popularity of certain content. Analytics tools use tracking technologies (such as cookies) to recognise the device used and compile the information. They collect information such as what pages the Affiliate visits and how much time the Affiliate spends on these pages, the IP address assigned to the Affiliate, what operating system and web browser the Affiliate uses, and what site the Affiliate visited prior to visiting our Site.
Other types of personal data - We may process our communication with the Affiliate, as well as any personal information about the Affiliate which is made publicly available (e.g. in the social media accounts and channels of the Affiliate). We will also process any personal information voluntarily provided by the Affiliate to us. When the Affiliate contacts us, including via any of our support channels, we may process the personal data provided to us in order to deal with the Affiliate’s query. In addition, if the Affiliate loses access to its account, we may request certain documents in order to verify its identity. Those documents may contain personal data such as name, address, nationality, date of birth, identification document number etc.
7. Participants in events/promotions
a. Definition:  Individuals, who participate in raffles, surveys, campaigns and/or register to attend events, webinars and other promotions (co)organised and/or sponsored by us or any of the companies part of SiteGround Group.
b. Types of personal data:
Contact information - We may process Participant’s data such as first and last name, email address, address, phone number, social media username, etc.
Other types of personal data - We may process your image and voice, if the event/promotion is being recorded. In case the promotions take place on our Site, when you visit it we may process information such as your IP address, referral URL, exit URL, browser software, operating system, date/time and/or clickstream data. We may also collect information about your use of our Site, such as number of visits, pages visited, popularity of certain content. Analytics tools use tracking technologies (such as cookies) to recognise your device and compile information about you. They collect information such as what pages you visit and how much time you spend on these pages, the IP address assigned to you, what operating system and web browser you use, and what site you visited prior to visiting our Site.
Other individuals
a. Definition:  Individuals, who may not fall under the scope of the definitions listed above, such as potential customers, potential affiliates, third parties, part of account ownership disputes, complainants, inquirers, followers in our social media channels, etc.
b. Types of personal data:
Contact information - We may process information such as first and last name, name of the legal entity and its legal representative, email address, address, phone number,  social media username, etc.
Other types of personal data - We may process our communication with you, including your voice, if you contact us by phone, and/or your image, in case you share such data with us. We may also process personal information which is made publicly available (e.g. in the social media or on other webpages) or any other types of personal data provided to us in order to deal with your query.
II. Sources of data collection
Apart from you, being the main source of information we collect about you, we may also collect information from publicly accessible sources (e.g. companies trade register, WHOIS, local national list(s) of sanctioned persons, social media and other webpages) and/or from third parties, such as our affiliates, trusted partners, including but not limited to marketing, advertising, security service providers, etc.
III. Purposes of and legal basis for data processing
We strive to collect only the minimum personal data necessary for the completion of the purposes of data processing, as set out below.
If you are residing in a country from the EU/EEA or in the UK, or in any other country where the processing of personal data shall be subject to a legally defined lawful basis, the following purposes and legal basis shall be applicable to the processing of your personal data by SiteGround:
To provide, administer, maintain and secure the Services (including our network, information systems and the server functionality operated by us) and fulfil our obligations under the applicable agreements and terms, including to administer any promotions (co)organised and/or sponsored by us or any of the companies part of SiteGround Group. In such cases the legal basis for the data processing is the performance of a contract and compliance with a legal obligation.
To maintain and secure our Site, network, information systems and the server functionality operated by us, including but not limited to investigating and preventing fraudulent transactions, unauthorised access to the Services and other illegal activities, to address any queries, to enforce our terms, to defend against claims and protect the rights, property or safety of SiteGround, to notify you for any Service-related matters, to invite you (via separate email or during our interaction with you via any of our communication channels) to give your feedback and/or review regarding the quality of our Services and/or your experience with us and our interaction, to improve and/or develop the Services for the benefit of our Customers, and for statistical purposes. In such cases the legal basis for the data processing is our legitimate interest.
To promote our brand and Services, including to send marketing communication, newsletters, surveys, monitor and analyse activities for advertising purposes etc. In such cases the legal basis for the data processing is your consent. The consent to such marketing communication is voluntary and can be revoked at any time. The revocation can take place in the settings in the Customer account or via the unsubscribe link in every such marketing email sent by us.
To fulfil our legal obligations, such as compliance with court orders, orders/requests or other documents issued by competent authorities, applicable legislation, etc. In such cases the legal basis for the data processing is the compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
For other purposes which may not fall under the scope of the above-mentioned purposes we will obtain your consent.
If you are residing in a country governed by privacy laws under which consent is the only or most appropriate legal basis for processing personal data, your acceptance of this Privacy Policy or your use of our Site and/or Services, or your communication with us (as the case may be) will be considered your consent to the processing of your personal data for the purposes detailed herein.
IV. Cookies, beacons, tags, pixels
We use cookies to collect some of the information set out in this Policy. Cookies can store your account identifier, ordering status, personalisation or website tracking. They can also be used for technical purposes such as keeping track of your current shopping session and enabling you to proceed to checkout and pay for your according order or to save information which has already been entered (languages preference, and your region), so that we can offer improved and more personalised Services, products and other relevant communication tailored to you. Cookies also allow us to fulfil our contractual obligations to third parties and partners if you have made a purchase on our Site by following a link from theirs.
We also use remarketing pixels provided by third parties to collect the information that you have visited our Site and were interested in certain offers.
We also use beacons, tags, click tracking codes and scripts to analyse trends and movements of users around the Site, gather information about the user base as a whole and how we can improve the Services and Site, to provide advertising based upon activities and interests and to measure advertising effectiveness. As a result we may display targeted, or interest-based, offers to you based on the products you currently own or have recently viewed and deliver other communication more relevant to you and your interests outside of our Site, on other websites part of the third party's network.
We may share a unique code (such as a hashed email address) with аdvertising platforms and social networks to allow us to track online conversions from different sources and to direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience who share similar traits.
You can find detailed information about our use of cookies and you may also adjust your preferences as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
V. Sharing of personal data
We disclose entire or part of your personal data in the following circumstances and always ensure that the appropriate safeguards on your privacy are undertaken:
To provide the Services and run our business - We may engage third-party service providers in the delivery of the Services and also for administrative, billing, tax, compliance and all other purposes related to the management of your account and our operations. In such cases your personal data may be shared with companies part of SiteGround Group, business partners, independent contractors, intermediaries, external consultants, auditors, collaborators, etc. Those third-party service providers include companies that operate in different industries such as fraud detection, technology service, internet information providers, payments and data processors, couriers, providers from the finance, media and communication, internet content and information industries, advertising and marketing, technologies, analytics, etc. and that may be located worldwide (including but not limited to the EU, EEA, Switzerland, UK, USA, Canada, Australia, Singapore, Japan, Brazil, etc.).
1.1. We may share personal data with our payment partner PayPal (through its service Braintree) which is acting as an independent controller for the purpose of processing the personal data shared. The processing of the personal data by PayPal is governed by the PayPal privacy statement available at
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
.
1.2. We also may share data with Google whose invisible reCaptcha service we use to protect our website from malicious activity. Use of the invisible reCaptcha is subject to
Google's Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
1.3. We may use artificial intelligence (AI) models and tools and integrate them into our Services for various purposes (such as SiteGround search tools, text and visual content generation, customer support, including but not limited to quality evaluation and improvement, etc.). We will disclose any such use on the respective webpage where the AI models and tools are integrated. In the course of using the AI models and tools integrated into our Services, we will not disclose any personal data to the third-party providers of AI models and tools. Although we take all necessary and reasonable care to obfuscate/anonymize any personal data before sharing any information with the third-party AI models and tool providers, we strongly advise you not to include any personal data in the AI tools integrated into our Services.
To resell products and/or services of our contractors and comply with their applicable rules, regulations, and policies - When we act as resellers of products and/or services of our contractors (e.g. domain name registrars, SSL certificate providers, etc.), we may share your personal information contained in the respective order for the purchase of the products/services with these contractors to provide the respective services or products. The contractors further process the personal data shared following their privacy policies and practices.
To comply with the applicable legislation and to exercise rights - We may share personal data with companies, organisations or individuals when we believe in good-faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such data is necessary to meet any applicable law, comply with regulations, legal procedures, enforceable requests and/or competent authority requirements; to enforce our terms, defend against claims and protect the rights, property or safety of SiteGround, our Customers and/or the public as required and/or permitted by law.
In case of business reorganisation, transfers and/or acquisitions - We may share your information to third parties in connection with any prospective or completed business reorganisation, merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another entity, or in the unlikely event that SiteGround goes out of business or enters bankruptcy. If any of these events happens, we may take any reasonable steps to notify you.
To comply with your instructions - We may share your information with third parties with your explicit consent or at your direction. We will not, however, sell, rent, share or otherwise disclose personal data for commercial purposes in any way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Policy.
We also may use the services of third-party service providers for reviews (such as Trustpilot, etc.) to collect your feedback and/or review regarding our Services, their performance, our overall service quality and/or your experience with us and our interaction. In this case your name, email, chat or ticket ID, or other reference data will be shared with such third-party service providers, and they will process your data under their own privacy policies and practices.
VI. International data transfers
In the course of our business operations and for the delivery of the Services we may transfer personal data around the world (including but not limited to the UK, USA, Canada, Australia, Singapore, Japan, Brazil, etc.) where we and/or the third parties, specified in Section V above, use data centers, facilities and/or maintain data processing operations.
When transferring personal data outside the EU/EEA we will use the appropriate transfer mechanisms to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with applicable data protection legislation. Such mechanism shall be transferring the personal data: (i) to a recipient in a country for which the European Commission has decided to provide adequate level of data protection; or (ii) to a recipient that has executed the Standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.
In all cases we will ensure that we have provided appropriate and proportional technical and organisational data protection and cybersecurity risk mitigation measures, as well as we have performed the appropriate risk assessments when transferring your personal data outside the EU/EEA.
VII. Security measures
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to encrypt the information you enter on our Site in order to protect its security during transmission to and from our Site. When storing information, we protect its security by encrypting critical data. Access to this information is severely restricted, logged and reviewed periodically. When we collect credit card data and payments (we do not store full credit card numbers and CVV codes), the credit card data is subject to tokenisation and strong security measures applied by our payment processors in accordance with the PCI DSS requirements.
We maintain physical, logical, electronic and procedural safeguards when collecting, storing and disclosing personal data. Our security procedures require us in some cases to request proof of identity before disclosing personal data to you.
To protect against unauthorised access to your account and information, we implement session management, strong authentication requirements, login expiration mechanisms and the option of using 2-factor authentication for Client Area access. Authentication data is encrypted. As an additional safety measure, we ask you to sign out when you finish using your account and your computer.
Although we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to maintain the safety and security of your personal data against loss, theft and unauthorised use, access or modification, please note that no transmission of information over the Internet is completely secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot fully guarantee the security of any personal data that you transfer over the Internet to us.
VIII. Retention periods
Information collected on our Site will only be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. In general, we will automatically and securely delete your Client Area account information 2 years after you no longer have any active Services with us. Since we need to comply with applicable regulations in regard to retention of personal information related to contractual agreements, provision of Services, financial, billing, invoicing operations, tax calculations etc., a versioned copy of your order, payment and billing documentation may be stored for a period of 10 years after the termination of your Customer account. Your personal data is deleted automatically by our systems in accordance with these retention periods.
IX. Your rights
You are entitled to the following rights in relation to your personal data:
Right to be informed: You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data.
Right to access: You have the right to view and request copies of your personal data. For US residents only: SiteGround is obliged to provide the required information no more than twice in 12 (twelve) months.
Right to rectification: You have the right to request inaccurate, incomplete or outdated information be updated or corrected.
Right to erasure (“to be forgotten”): Under certain circumstances you have the right to request your personal data be deleted.
Right to data portability: You have the right to ask for your data to be transferred to another controller or provided to them (if technically feasible) in a machine-readable electronic format.
Right to restrict processing: Under certain conditions you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent: You have the right to withdraw your given consent to the processing of your personal data, where we rely on your consent as a legal basis for processing;
Right to object: Under certain conditions you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data (e.g. where we are relying on our legitimate interests as a legal basis for processing);
Right to object to automated processing: You have the right to object to decisions being made with your data solely based on automated decision making or profiling.
Right to remain non-discriminated: SiteGround shall not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your rights, including, but not limited to, by: denying any services to you; charging/suggesting different prices or rates for services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; providing/suggesting a different level or quality of services, etc.
Right to opt-out from sale of personal data (for US residents only): If you are a US resident, you have the right to opt-out from the sale of your personal data. Although we do not sell your personal data (as defined in the applicable US privacy laws), you may submit a request and/or direct a query you may have related to the sale of personal data at any time via email to
dpo@siteground.es
. Such a request shall be respected for at least twelve (12) months before requesting that the individual authorizes again the sale or share of the individual’s personal information. In order to process the request, SiteGround may use any personal information collected from the individual in connection with the submission of the opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with it.
You can exercise any of your rights by submitting a request to the email address specified in the “Contact information” section of this Policy. We will review and address your request(s) within one month as of the date of receipt. Please note that if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests, it may take us longer than a month to respond to you. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. Please note that we may ask you to provide us with additional information necessary to verify your identity prior to our response. However, in certain circumstances such as to comply with the applicable legislation, we may be unable to honour your request, for which you will be duly notified.
In addition to the above rights, you can also access, correct, and delete certain personal data associated with your account through the “Owner Profile Details” Section in your Client Area.
X. Age Restrictions
In accordance with SiteGround Terms of Service, our Site and Services are designated for use by individuals who are at least 18 years old. If you are under the age of 18, you must request your parent or guardian to use the Site instead. Should you have evidence that someone under the age of 18 has bought Services and provided their personal data to us, please contact us using the details set out in the “Contact information” section below. If we become aware that we process personal data of a person under the age of 18, we will delete the data and terminate the use of the Services.
XI. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Policy, we will post the updates оn the Site and in any other place we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what personal data we collect, how we process it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice via our Site, at least ten (10) calendar days before the changes take effect, unless otherwise specified in the respective notification.
XII. Data Protection Authority
You have the right to direct questions or lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal data at any time with the competent supervisory authority for data protection - the Spanish Data Protection Agency (Agencia Española de Protección de Datos (AEPD)), at
https://www.aepd.es/es
.
XIII. Contact information
For any data processing related questions and/or requests, please contact us at dpo@siteground.es.
Latest revision: 05 September 2023. Previous version may be found
here.
Close Window
Sub-policy 4
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/privacy-policy-uk:
Skip to content
Last updated: February 16, 2024 (
archived versions
)
WhatsApp Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Key Updates
WhatsApp Legal Info
Information We Collect
Information Shared by You and by WhatsApp with Third Parties
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
How and Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Basis For Processing
How To Exercise Your Rights
Retention of Your Information
Deleting Your Information
Managing Your Information
Working With Authorities, Advisors And Industry Partners
Transferring Information to Other Countries
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
Contact Us
If you live in the
European Region
, WhatsApp Ireland Limited provides the Services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
If you live outside the
European Region
or the
UK
, WhatsApp LLC provides the Services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
Key Updates
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy to reduce the minimum age to use WhatsApp in the UK from 16 to 13. This ensures a consistent minimum age requirement for WhatsApp globally. Please refer
here
for privacy and safety information.
As always, your personal messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one else, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them.
WhatsApp Legal Info
If you live in the UK, WhatsApp LLC ("WhatsApp," "our," "we," or "us") provides our
Services
to you under the
Terms of Service
and this
Privacy Policy
.
Respect for your privacy is coded into our DNA
. Since we started WhatsApp, we've aspired to build our
Services
with a set of strong privacy principles in mind.
We are one of the
Meta Companies
. Our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains our data practices, including the information we process to provide our
Services
.
For example, our Privacy Policy talks about what information we collect and how this affects you. It also explains the steps we take to protect your privacy, like building our Services so delivered messages aren't stored by us and giving you control over who you communicate with on our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services unless specified otherwise. Some products or features that we offer have supplemental privacy policies which supplement this WhatsApp Privacy Policy:
Channels Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Please also read WhatsApp's
Terms of Service
("Terms"), which describe the terms under which you use and we provide our Services.
Back to top
Information We Collect
The types of information we receive and collect depend on how you use our Services. We require certain of
Your Account Information
in accordance with our Terms to deliver our Services and without this we will not be able to provide our Services to you. For example, you must provide your mobile phone number to create an account to use our Services.
Our Services have optional features which, if used by you, require us to collect additional information to provide such features. You will be notified of such a collection, as appropriate. If you choose not to provide the information needed to use a feature, you will be unable to use the feature. For example, you cannot share your
Precise Location Information
with your contacts if you do not enable location sharing on your device. Permissions can be managed through your device-based settings on both
Android
and
iOS
devices.
Information You Provide
Your Account Information
. You must provide your mobile phone number and a profile name of your choice to create a WhatsApp account. If you don’t provide us with this information, you will not be able to create an account to use our Services. You can add other optional information to your account, such as a profile picture, and "about" information.
User Content.
Your Messages, Media within Messages, and Calls
: We offer end-to-end encryption for our Services. End-to-end encryption means that your calls, messages, media within messages including content like images, audio, video, documents and files are encrypted to protect against third parties (including WhatsApp) from seeing that content. Learn more about
end-to-end encryption
and
how businesses communicate with you on WhatsApp
.
Typically your messages are stored on your device(s) and not on our servers. We temporarily store your messages in encrypted form while they are being delivered. Once your messages are delivered, they are deleted from our servers.
If a message cannot be delivered, we keep it in encrypted form on our servers for up to 30 days while we try to deliver it. If a message is still undelivered after 30 days, we delete it. We cannot see the contents of undelivered messages stored on our servers as they are encrypted.
When a user sends media within a message, we store that media for up to 30 days in encrypted form on our servers to aid in more efficient delivery, such as if recipients choose to forward the media. We cannot see the media as it is encrypted.
Status Information
. You can choose to share your Status, which is also end-to-end encrypted.
Precise Location Information
. We enable you to share your Precise Location Information from your device when you choose to use location-related features, like when you decide to share your current location with, or send live location to your contacts, or view locations nearby. Precise Location Information that you share with your contacts in your chats is encrypted so WhatsApp cannot see it. You can control your Precise Location Information sharing in your in-app settings (see more information for
iPhone
and
Android
) and your device-based settings.
You may also provide content that is not encrypted which means that we can see it. This includes your profile picture, your "about" information and names and descriptions of your communities and groups. When you choose to use certain avatars features, such as using a photo to enable us to suggest an avatar that more closely resembles you, we process the photo and parts of your face or body features in the photo frame. The information we use for this process is not used to identify you.
Your Connections
.
You can use contact upload and provide us with the phone numbers in your device address book on a regular basis, including those of users of our Services and your other contacts. If any of your contacts aren’t yet using our Services, we’ll manage this information in a way that is designed to ensure that those contacts cannot be identified by us. Learn more
about contact upload
and about the information we provide to people who do not use WhatsApp
here
. We also collect information on users who contact you that aren't in your device address book and any users you've blocked or who have blocked you.
Your Community and Group Information
.
You can create, join, or get added to communities, groups and broadcast lists, and such communities, groups and lists get associated with your account. You give your groups and communities a name. You can provide a community or group profile picture or description. We also collect information about when communities and groups are created or updated.
Customer Support Information And Other Communications
.
When you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, you may provide us with information related to your use of our Services, including copies of your messages, any other information you deem helpful in order for us to understand and resolve your query, and how to contact you (e.g., an email address). For example, you may send us an email with information relating to app performance or other issues. We also collect information on how you use our customer support features (e.g., the searches you make on our Help Center) and any feedback you give us on the customer support experience.
Account Access Information
.
When you sign up or log-in to our Service, we verify your WhatsApp account, for example, by sending you a code via SMS or calling you. You can also add a PIN to enable two-step verification and an email address that can be used to reset that PIN.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage Information
.
We collect information about your usage of our Services. This includes collecting information about your activity (including how you use our Services), how you interact with others using our Services (including when you search for and interact with a business), and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities. This also includes information about the features you use like our messaging (and integrated applications), calling, Status, avatars, communities, groups or business features; whether you are online; timestamps related to your use such as when you last used our Services (your "last seen") and the times you send and receive calls and messages; and when you last updated your "about" information.
Log and Troubleshooting Information
.
We collect information about how our Services are performing when you use them, like service related diagnostic and performance information. This information includes log files, timestamps, diagnostic or crash data, website performance logs and error messages or reports.
Device And Connection Information
.
We collect device and connection-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services. This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, battery level, signal strength, app version, browser information, mobile network, connection information including whether you are using wifi or cellular data, mobile operator or internet service provider (ISP), language and time zone, IP address, device operations information and identifiers (including identifiers unique to
Meta Company Products
associated with the same device or account).
General Location Information
.
Even if you do not choose to use our precise location-related features (see
Information Shared by You and by WhatsApp with Third Parties
), we use IP addresses and other information like phone number area codes, to estimate your general location (e.g., country).
Cookies
.
We collect information using cookies to operate and provide our web-based Services and website.
Learn more
about how we use cookies to provide you our Services.
User Choices
.
We collect information about your in-app settings, privacy settings and records about when you accepted terms. Only you are in control of your
privacy settings
which can be used to change, for example, who can see your "last seen", profile photo, "about" information, Status updates, read receipts or add you to groups. We also collect information about whether you have enabled push notifications and whether you wish to send disappearing messages.
Authentication Information
.
To verify and grant appropriate authorisations as you use the Services (such as when you choose to use encrypted backups and create your unique password), we create and store authentication codes which are a security measure to ensure only you are accessing your account. Authentication Information also includes your public encryption keys that our end-to-end encryption protocol uses. Messages are encrypted before they reach our servers which means that we cannot see them.
Information Third Parties Provide About You
Information Others Provide About You
.
We receive information about you from other users. For example, when other users you know use our Services, they may provide your phone number if they use
contact upload
just as you may provide theirs. We require each of these users to have lawful rights to collect, use, and share your information before providing any information to us. They may also send you messages, send messages to groups to which you belong, or call you. You should keep in mind that in general any user can capture screenshots of your chats or messages or make recordings of your calls with them and send them to WhatsApp or anyone else, or post them on another platform.
User Reports
.
Just as you can report other users, other users or third parties may also choose to report to us your interactions and your messages with them or others on our Services; for example, to report possible violations of our Terms or policies. When a report is submitted to us through the reporting tools, we receive information from the reporter on both the reporting user and those reported. To find out more about the information we receive when a User Report is submitted to us and what happens when a User Report is submitted, please see
About blocking and reporting contacts
.
Businesses On WhatsApp
.
When businesses you interact with while using our Services provide us with information about their interactions with you, we require each of these businesses to act in accordance with applicable law.
When you
message with a business on WhatsApp
, keep in mind that the content you share may be visible to several people in that business. In addition, some businesses might be working with third-party service providers (which may include Meta) to help manage their communications with their customers. For example, a business may give such third-party service providers access to its communications to send, store, read, manage or otherwise process them for the business. To understand how a business processes your information, including how it might share your information with third parties or Meta, you should review that business’s privacy policy or contact the business directly.
Third-Party Services
.
WhatsApp receives information about bad actors and abuse from
Meta Companies
and app verification information from anti-abuse services to promote safety, security and integrity. For example, when Meta becomes aware of a scam encouraging individuals to contact a phone number via WhatsApp, they might share that phone number with WhatsApp so we can investigate the WhatsApp account.
We also allow you to use our Services in connection with third-party services and
Meta Company Products
. If you use our Services with such third-party services or
Meta Company Products
, we may receive information about you from them; for example, if you use the WhatsApp share button on a news service to share a news article with your WhatsApp contacts, groups, or broadcast lists on our Services. Please note that when you use third-party services or
Meta Company Products
, the terms and privacy policies of the company that offers those services will govern your use of those services and products.
Back to top
Information Shared by You and by WhatsApp with Third Parties
You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customise and support our Services.
Send Your Information To Those With Whom You Choose To Communicate
. You share
User Content
when you communicate through our Services. You are in control of what you are sending when you send your information to the individual or business WhatsApp users you choose to communicate with. Please be mindful that, once you have sent User Content to a WhatsApp user, they can store or reshare it with others on and off our Services.
Information Associated With Your Account
. As part of your WhatsApp messaging experience and based on your privacy settings, those users who have your phone number can see Your Account Information (phone number, profile photo, "about" information), and can add you to groups and communities where this information is then potentially visible to others in the group or community. When you send a message to another user or to a group, your chosen profile name will become visible to the recipients of the message, including users who do not have you in their contact list. Users who have your phone number can also see your "last seen" information and your message receipts, depending on your privacy settings. You can configure your privacy settings to manage group membership, and certain information (for example, your "last seen") available to other users. Please see our Help Center for more information on
how to change your privacy settings
.
Third-Party Services
. When you, or other users you interact with, use third-party services or other
Meta Company Products
that are linked through our Services, the providers of those services or products may receive the information about you that you or others share with them. For example, if you use a data backup service integrated with our Services (like iCloud or Google Drive), they will receive the information you share with them, such as your WhatsApp messages, and if you search the web from WhatsApp for a group profile picture, the search engine provider will receive the search term you use. If you interact with a third-party service or other
Meta Company Products
through our Services, such as when you use the in-app player to play content from a third-party platform like YouTube or Facebook, information like your IP address and technical information showing that the request comes from a WhatsApp app, may be provided to the provider of such service or products. Please note that when you use third-party services or other
Meta Company Products
, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products.
Third-Party Service Providers.
We work with third-party service providers to help us provide our Services. When we share information with third-party service providers in this capacity, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
We work with the following different types of third-party service providers:
telecommunications technology providers to send you SMS messages, or call you, to verify your account. To be able to provide these services, these providers receive Your Account Information (phone number) and Account Access Information (verification codes to enable you to verify a new phone number or device connected to your account).
a content safety technology service provider that helps us to maintain the safety and integrity of the Services by detecting and helping us to prioritise harmful material for our reviewers to assess. To provide these services, this provider receives certain images from User Reports (e.g. images), Your Account Information (e.g. profile picture) and Your Community and Group Information (e.g. community or group profile picture).
a location data provider to enable you to share your location or a nearby place with other WhatsApp users. To be able to provide these services, this provider receives Precise Location Information (your current location and other locations you choose on the map).
Please also see the
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
and
Working with Authorities, Advisors and Industry Partners
sections for further information we share.
Back to top
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
WhatsApp is one of the
Meta Companies
. The Meta Companies provide technology products and services for both individuals and businesses.
We work with other Meta Companies that act as our service providers and help us provide and improve our Services.
We work with other Meta Companies within and outside the UK.
The services include providing us with:
data hosting and infrastructure services, including the use of data centers together with related services and equipment which are used to operate the Services.
operational, administrative and customer support services to help us:
operate, improve, and develop the Services;
develop, fix and customise the Services;
respond to user/non-user queries and provide support relating to the queries;
ensure accounts are kept safe and secure;
contract administration, project management, planning and any related purposes; and
carry out customer satisfaction surveys.
business analytics services so that we can learn for example how many unique users we have compared to other services offered by the Meta Companies;
product research and testing (features of) services to help us improve our Services; and
troubleshoot technical issues, and ensure the Services operate smoothly.
legal support services to help us:
in litigation and other dispute processes;
regulatory investigations and other statutory processes;
with handling complaints and/or requests from data subjects;
with responding to government and other legal requests;
with our legal administration;
with the management of privacy-related queries, including development of tooling and record repositories; and
with other legal support as requested from time to time.
assistance when we respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, to legal requests and government requests, including in emergency situations, with:
disclosing relevant personal information to law enforcement, government authorities, regulators or others; and
disclosing personal information to third parties in the context of civil legal proceedings.
administrative services to help us with our efforts to ensure that the Services are safe and secure by:
investigating any suspicious activities or violations of our policies; and
removing violating accounts.
services to help us to guard against violations of our intellectual property by:
reviewing accounts for violation of WhatsApp policies;
assisting with enforcement against those accounts;
providing periodic reports to us on individual accounts that have been reviewed and enforced upon; and
escalating any cases requiring legal review to us.
When Meta Companies act as our service providers, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
For receiving the services listed above and depending on the service that is provided, we share the Information We Collect.
If you would like further details about the Meta Companies that currently act as our service providers, please click
here
.
Back to top
How and Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Basis For Processing
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process information. We rely on different legal bases to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
For each legal basis below, we describe the purposes of our processing (why we process your information) and our processing operations (how we process your information to achieve each purpose). We also list the categories of your information that we process for each purpose.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we've explained these below. You should know that no matter what legal basis applies, you always have the right to request access to, rectification of, and erasure of your information. To exercise your rights, see the
How To Exercise Your Rights
section.
Back to top
Processing necessary to perform our contract with you
For all users who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contract with you, our
Terms
.
The categories of information used and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
To operate, provide, improve, customise, and support our Services
as described in the About Our Services section of our
Terms
which includes providing ways for you to connect and communicate with other WhatsApp users including businesses, WhatsApp:
Assists you in creating and managing your WhatsApp account by:
verifying your WhatsApp account by, for example, sending you a verification code via SMS or by calling you.
checking the operating system and other features of your device to set up WhatsApp correctly on your device, and running security checks to make sure you don’t already have an account or a phone number that is banned from WhatsApp.
recording your User Choices, including the Terms you accepted, your privacy settings and the users you’ve blocked.
facilitating you adding additional information such as an avatar or Account Information such as a profile picture, “about” information which is displayed to people who have your phone number, in line with your privacy settings.
changing the phone number associated with your WhatsApp account when you update it.
in order to maintain security, limit data retention and protect your privacy, checking for activity every 30 days and deleting your account where your phone has not been online for 120 days (in general). Learn more in our Help Center
here
.
deleting your account, at your request (see how to delete your account on your
iPhone
and on your
Android
device) or in accordance with our Terms. We may take steps to ban your account if there is a breach of our Terms, for example a breach of our "Acceptable Use of Our Services" terms.
enabling you to re-register your account when it has been deactivated or locked.
To assist you in creating and managing your WhatsApp account:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Connections
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
Facilitates you using and managing your WhatsApp account on multiple devices by:
linking a new device to your account so that you can use WhatsApp on additional devices and so that we can register certain additional devices on our servers.
syncing Your Account Information and User Choices across your
devices
by sending an update to other devices linked to your account.
sending an end-to-end encrypted copy of your chat history to your new companion
devices
when you sync your chats (we temporarily store this encrypted copy to complete the sync).
For linking a device to your account:
Your Account Information
Device and Connection Information
Authentication Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
For syncing your Account Information and User Choices across your devices:
Your Account Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
User Choices
For syncing your chat history across your devices:
Your Account Information
User Content
(your messages, images, audio and videos are end-to-end encrypted)
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Authentication Information
To send and receive
end-to-end encrypted
messages and broadcast your Status, we:
enable you to reply to, forward and delete messages, or to send different types of messages such as voice messages, “View Once” or disappearing messages.
if the recipient’s device is online on WhatsApp, deliver messages directly to their device. If your device or the recipient’s device is offline, we store the encrypted message for up to 30 days as we attempt to deliver the message and send a push notification to the device.
show when you are online or indicate activity to recipients in a chat, such as displaying your ‘last seen’ to recipients according to your User Choices.
enable you to search the web for images to use as a community or group profile picture or to share videos from third-party services such as YouTube. Where that link is a video, we display a preview and allow the recipient to view it within the chat.
allow you to broadcast your Status updates with contacts of your choice. Status updates disappear after 24 hours.
take precautions to ensure your messages are conveyed correctly.
optimise the sending of media files by storing them temporarily for up to 30 days in encrypted form on our servers to aid in more efficient delivery.
enable you and third parties, like businesses, to communicate and interact with each other using our services such as
catalogs for businesses
on WhatsApp where you can browse products and services and place orders.
use cookies to operate and provide our web-based Services.
To send and receive
end-to-end encrypted
messages and to broadcast your Status:
Your Account Information
User Content
(your messages, images, audio, video, documents and files are end-to-end encrypted, as is the Status you share)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
For showing your presence (in one-to-one chats) and last seen:
Your Connections
Usage Information
(online or offline status)
User Choices
For showing your activity indicators:
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
(whether you are typing or pausing typing, or recording a voice note)
For sharing your Status:
User Content
(Status is end-to-end encrypted)
Your Connections
User Choices
To generally operate, provide and improve our Services, we:
analyse log information to resolve crashes and user issues.
collect information for troubleshooting, diagnostics and debugging.
collect and aggregate metrics (such as messaging volume and latencies) to monitor service performance, reliability, and efficiency, so we can ensure and optimise service quality.
test out new features to see if they work, undertake experimentation to evaluate the impact of new features and track adoption metrics (e.g. percentage of users updating their Status).
collect and aggregate activity and system events to understand at coarse breakdowns like country level or application version level how and how often the service is being used.
To generally operate, provide and improve our Services:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
To enable you to connect with businesses, we:
enable you to search and browse for businesses on the Service.
To enable you to connect with businesses:
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Authentication Information
For making, receiving, joining or leaving voice and video calls, we:
establish an end-to-end encrypted connection for audio/video information between you and the other call participant (or participants if you are in a group call) after checking the participant’s privacy settings to see if they have blocked you.
send you a push notification if you are receiving or have missed a call.
notify participants in a group call when:
another user has been invited but has not accepted the call,
another user starts to ring,
another user joins the call,
a call participant has left, and
the call is over.
When you change your in-app settings or take certain actions in a call, we let the other call participant(s) know the following:
whether your video is on or off.
when you invite other users to switch from an audio to a video call (or vice versa).
when you have not heard from the other call participant(s).
when you turn mute on or off.
when your battery is below 5% and not charging.
when you get an incoming call that interrupts your ongoing call on WhatsApp.
To optimise call quality, we:
swap to alternative networks interfaces where your existing connection is limited, and collect aggregated call metrics (for iOS only).
track metrics such as failed calls, number of calls ended due to disconnection and measure network link conditions to identify and resolve call quality issues.
store performance information on your device after the call, so it is easier to set up a call with the same user(s) again.
collect metrics about calls and aggregate them to optimise call quality.
back up your data usage and time spent on a call.
exchange network and other information during a call to adjust audio, video and network quality.
For making, receiving, joining or leaving voice and video calls:
Your Account Information
User Content
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
For notifying call participants about changes during a call:
Device and Connection Information
For optimising call quality:
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
To help you discover if your contacts are WhatsApp users when you choose to sync your device’s address book using contact upload, we:
regularly identify other WhatsApp users in your address book, add them to your WhatsApp contact list and store cryptographic hash values of the phone numbers of your contacts who are
not WhatsApp users
, so we can quickly update your WhatsApp contacts if those contacts sign-up to WhatsApp at a later date. Learn more
here
.
remove contacts from your WhatsApp contact list if one of your contacts no longer has an account.
at your request, block phone numbers of other users to prevent them contacting you on WhatsApp.
To enable you to use contact upload:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
To allow you to create, join, leave and connect in communities and groups to communicate with multiple contacts at the same time, we:
check that phone numbers you are trying to add to a group are WhatsApp users and check to ensure that their admission to the group is in line with their privacy settings.
check to ensure that the community or group name and optional community or group description meets WhatsApp requirements.
store information about the community or group and its participant users (including any pending or past participant users) for example, to ensure that the appropriate privileges are applied and assign the creator of the community or group as an admin so that they can control and personalise the community's or group’s information, membership and settings.
when a community or group is active, log when you send invites to new community or group participants and for groups, expire non-accepted invitations within a set period.
notify participants in the group of certain key changes to the community or group, such as changes to the community or group name, description or profile picture or when a message is deleted.
temporarily store information to protect you from being re-added to groups you chose to leave and store the phone numbers of participants who are banned for example, from groups to ensure that they cannot rejoin. This information is also used to help identify any suspicious users or abusive behaviour where there is a high turnover of participants.
allow you to appoint other community admins to a community you’ve created or you are a community admin of and appoint a new group admin or community admin when the current admin (or admins) leave the group or community or delete their account.
delete a group when its last member leaves.
suspend, or deactivate a community, and add or disconnect groups within the community.
For creating a group or community:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
For administering active groups or communities:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
Assists you to create backups of your chat history (and media within the chat history), when you request it by:
enabling you to upload a backup of your chat history to a third-party cloud-based service (like Google Drive or iCloud).
end-to-end encrypt your chat history
with a randomly generated encryption key or password you create. You can upload these encrypted backups of your chat history to a third-party cloud-based service (like Google Drive or iCloud).
using an encryption key or your password to retrieve an encryption key to decrypt your backed-up chat history.
For allowing you to create, access and restore backups and encrypted backups:
Your Account Information
Authentication Information
(authenticating an encryption key or password)
To ensure the safety, security, and integrity of our Services.
We use information we have and apply automated data processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
verify accounts on an ongoing basis, and check that user sign-ups are genuine.
log events and aggregated counts about community, group and user actions on our Services (like the number of groups joined) and related sequences like patterns in registration and repetitive or identical User Reports to identify and investigate suspicious users, abusive behaviour or where a fake WhatsApp app or an imitation of our Services is being used.
investigate and address violations of our Terms. For example, we may ban your account when we learn that you are engaged in infringing activities.
detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour, such as to combat scraping by bad actors at scale, to detect and prevent spam, and bad experiences.
collect app verification information from anti-abuse services to aid our integrity-related efforts.
To ensure the safety, security and integrity of our Services:
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Transfer, store or process your information globally.
As the WhatsApp service operates globally, with users and businesses around the world, we need to share information we collect globally, both internally within the
Meta Companies
and where the
data centers
we rely on are located and externally with our Third-Party Service Providers. We carry out necessary transfers to:
operate and provide our Services. We also allow you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
allow us to fix, analyse and improve our Services.
For more information, see
Transferring Information to Other Countries
section below.
To operate and provide our Services:
Your Account Information
User Content
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Communicate with you on Services-related issues, we:
identify relevant Service-related notifications for you, send them to you on WhatsApp and keep a log when you have received the notification. For example, when our Terms are updated we’ll provide a notification about the update.
For sending you notifications or updates about our Services:
Your Account Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
(details of the notifications you have previously received)
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Provide customer support by:
processing requests for support and / or searches you make within the WhatsApp Help Center, in the app or via the WhatsApp website.
responding when you request our help such as assisting with your account login or verification process.
For providing you with customer support:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
When we process information you provide to us as necessary to perform our contractual relationship with you, under applicable data protection laws you have the right to port it. To exercise your rights, visit the
How To Exercise Your Rights
section of this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
The other legal bases we rely on when processing your information and the circumstances in which we rely on them are set out below:
Your Consent
We process information for the purposes described below when you have given us your consent to enable particular product features in your device-based settings. The categories of information used and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
For collecting information through the device-based settings which you have enabled, for example:
sharing your device’s
Precise Location Information
if you choose to use our location-related features. You can share your current location with, or send your live location to your contacts or view a nearby place on your map. When your live location is being shared, the live location control in your privacy settings shows which chats your live location is being shared in.
Precise Location Information
which you share in your chats is end-to-end encrypted which means that it cannot be seen by WhatsApp.
accessing your camera and / or photo gallery if you choose to share photos or media with your WhatsApp contacts or use optional features like avatars. Photos and media that you share in your personal chats are end-to-end encrypted.
User Content
When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before the consent is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, your in-app settings like your live location control, and the
How To Exercise Your Rights
section of this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
Compliance With A Legal Obligation
We process information to comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request. Examples of laws that could give rise to a legal obligation requiring us to process information are set out below. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing and we will update the list of laws from time to time.
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
The actual information used depends on the specific legal obligation, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others. For example, a search warrant or production order from law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as your profile picture or IP address.
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Account Access Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Reports
User Choices
Cookies
Information Others Provide About You
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Back to top
Protection Of Your Vital Interests Or Those Of Another Person
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For protecting your vital interests or those of another person
.
We apply automated processing techniques and conduct manual (human) review. We share information with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your or someone else’s life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others.
In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security. For example, we investigate reports of harmful conduct and take appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, where there is a risk of imminent harmful conduct such as an attack or where a person’s safety is at risk. We also compare profile pictures, community and group pictures and reported images against a database of known hashed child sexual abuse material (CSAM) and use a combination of automated processing techniques and human review to detect previously unknown CSAM in these images. If we detect apparent CSAM, we report it to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (learn more about how we work to help fight child exploitation
here
).
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Choices
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Back to top
Legitimate Interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third-party, such as our users, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"):
Why And How We Process Your Information
Legitimate Interests Relied On
Information Categories Used
For users under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Assisting you in creating and managing your WhatsApp account by:
verifying your WhatsApp Account by, for example, sending you a verification code via SMS, email, by calling you or by using device verifiers when your operating system supports it.
checking the operating system and other features of your device to set up WhatsApp correctly on your device, and running security checks to make sure you don’t already have an account or a phone number that is banned from WhatsApp.
recording your User Choices, including the terms you accepted, your privacy settings and the users you’ve blocked.
facilitating you adding additional information such as an avatar or Account Information such as a profile picture, “about” information which is displayed to people who have your phone number, in line with your privacy settings.
changing the phone number associated with your WhatsApp account when you update it.
in order to maintain security, limit data retention and protect your privacy, checking for activity every 30 days and deleting your account where your phone has not been online for 120 days (in general). Learn more in our Help Center here.
deleting your account, at your request (see how to delete your account on your iPhone and on your Android device) or in accordance with our Terms. We may take steps to ban your account if there is a breach of our Terms, for example a breach of our "Acceptable Use of Our Services" terms.
enabling you to re-register your account when it has been deactivated or locked.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to be able to create and manage a secure account which is set up correctly and reflects their choices, including their privacy settings.
To assist you in creating and managing your WhatsApp account:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Connections
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
Facilitates you using and managing your WhatsApp account on multiple devices by:
linking a new device to your account so that you can use WhatsApp on additional devices and so that we can register certain additional devices on our servers.
syncing Your Account Information and User Choices across your devices by sending an update to other devices linked to your account.
sending an end-to-end encrypted copy of your chat history to your new companion devices when you sync your chats (we temporarily store this encrypted copy to complete the sync).
It is in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to be able to access the WhatsApp service across multiple devices in an easy and reliable manner. It is in our interest to allow users to easily use the Service across different devices.
For linking a device to your account:
Your Account Information
Device and Connection Information
Authentication Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
For syncing your Account Information and User Choices across your devices:
Your Account Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
User Choices
For syncing your chat history across your devices:
Your Account Information
User Content
(your messages, images, audio and videos are end-to-end encrypted)
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Authentication Information
To send and receive end-to-end encrypted messages and broadcast your Status, we:
enable you to reply to, forward and delete messages, or to send different types of messages such as voice messages, “View Once” or disappearing messages.
if the recipient’s device is online on WhatsApp, deliver messages directly to their device. If your device or the recipient’s device is offline, we store the encrypted message for up to 30 days as we attempt to deliver the message and send a push notification to the device.
show when you are online or indicate activity to recipients in a chat, such as displaying your ‘last seen’ to recipients according to your User Choices.
enable you to search the web for images to use as a community or group profile picture or to share videos from third-party services such as YouTube. Where that link is a video, we display a preview and allow the recipient to view it within the chat.
allow you to broadcast your Status updates with contacts of your choice. Status updates disappear after 24 hours.
take precautions to ensure your messages are conveyed correctly.
optimise the sending of media files by storing them temporarily for up to 30 days in encrypted form on our servers to aid in more efficient delivery.
enable you and third parties, like businesses, to communicate and interact with each other using our services such as catalogs for businesses on WhatsApp where you can browse products and services and place orders.
use cookies to operate and provide our web-based Services.
It is in our interest to provide and maintain features that enable users to communicate. It is in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to express themselves and communicate with other users and businesses.
To send and receive end-to-end encrypted messages and to broadcast your Status:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
User Content
(your messages, images, audio, video, documents and files are end-to-end encrypted, as is the Status you share)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
For showing your presence (in one-to-one chats) and last seen:
Your Connections
Usage Information
(online or offline status)
User Choices
For showing your activity indicators:
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
(whether you are typing or pausing typing, or recording a voice note)
For sharing your Status:
User Content
(Status is end-to-end encrypted)
Your Connections
User Choices
To generally operate, provide and improve our Services, we:
analyse log information to resolve crashes and user issues.
collect information for troubleshooting, diagnostics and debugging.
collect and aggregate metrics (such as messaging volume and latencies) to monitor service performance, reliability, and efficiency, so we can ensure and optimise service quality.
test out new features to see if they work, undertake experimentation to evaluate the impact of new features and track adoption metrics (e.g. percentage of users updating their Status).
collect and aggregate activity and system events to understand at coarse breakdowns like country level or application version level how and how often the service is being used.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) that we provide and maintain a reliable Service and evaluate the use of the services and adoption of new features to inform and improve product direction and development.
To generally operate, provide and improve our Services:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
To enable you to connect with businesses, we:
enable you to search and browse for businesses on the Service.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to provide and maintain features which enable users to search for and connect with businesses on the Service.
To enable you to connect with businesses:
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
For making, receiving, joining or leaving voice and video calls, we:
establish an end-to-end encrypted connection for audio/video information between you and the other call participant (or participants if you are in a group call) after checking the participant’s privacy settings to see if they have blocked you.
send you a push notification if you are receiving or have missed a call.
notify participants in a group call when:
another user has been invited but has not accepted the call,
another user starts to ring,
another user joins the call,
a call participant has left, and
the call is over.
When you change your in-app settings or take certain actions in a call, we let the other call participant(s) know the following:
whether your video is on or off.
when you invite other users to switch from an audio to a video call (or vice versa).
when you have not heard from the other call participant(s).
when you turn mute on or off.
when your battery is below 5% and not charging.
when you get an incoming call that interrupts your ongoing call on WhatsApp.
To optimise call quality, we:
swap to alternative networks interfaces where your existing connection is limited, and collect aggregated call metrics (for iOS only).
track metrics such as failed calls, number of calls ended due to disconnection and measure network link conditions to identify and resolve call quality issues.
store performance information on your device after the call, so it is easier to set up a call with the same user(s) again.
collect metrics about calls and aggregate them
to
optimise call quality.
back up your data usage and time spent on a call.
exchange network and other information during a call to adjust audio, video and network quality.
It is in our interest and in the interests of WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to be able to make, receive, join calls or video calls reliably in order to express themselves, communicate with other users, and have their choices respected.
For making, receiving, joining or leaving voice and video calls:
Your Account Information
User Content
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
For notifying call participants about changes during a call:
Device and Connection Information
For optimising call quality:
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
To help you discover if your contacts are WhatsApp users when you choose to sync your device’s address book using contact upload, we:
regularly identify other WhatsApp users in your address book, add them to your WhatsApp contact list and store cryptographic hash values of the phone numbers of your contacts who are not WhatsApp users, so we can quickly update your WhatsApp contacts if those contacts sign-up to WhatsApp at a later date. Learn more here.
remove contacts from your WhatsApp contact list if one of your contacts no longer has an account.
at your request, block phone numbers of other users to prevent them contacting you on WhatsApp.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority), in operating and providing the Service to discover and identify their contacts.
To enable you to use contact upload:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
To allow you to create, join, leave and connect in communities and groups to communicate with multiple contacts at the same time, we:
check that phone numbers you are trying to add to a group are WhatsApp users and check to ensure that their admission to the group is in line with their privacy settings.
check to ensure that the community or group name and optional community or group description meets WhatsApp requirements.
store information about the community or group and its participant users (including any pending or past participant users) for example, to ensure that the appropriate privileges are applied and assign the creator of the community or group as an admin so that they can control and personalise the community's or group’s information, membership and settings.
when a community or group is active, log when you send invites to new community or group participants and for groups, expire non-accepted invitations within a set period.
notify participants in the group of certain key changes to the community or group, such as changes to the community or group name, description or profile picture or when a message is deleted. After you exit a group, your phone number will appear in the past participants list of the group for up to 60 days from the time you exited the group.
temporarily store information to protect you from being re-added to groups you chose to leave and store the phone numbers of participants who are banned for example, from groups to ensure that they cannot rejoin. This information is also used to help identify any suspicious users or abusive behaviour where there is a high turnover of participants.
allow you to appoint other community admins to a community you’ve created or you are a community admin of and appoint a new group admin or community admin when the current admin (or admins) leave the group or community or delete their account.
delete a group when its last member leaves.
suspend, or deactivate a community, and add or disconnect groups within the community.
It is in our interest and in the interests of WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to provide and maintain features that enable users to communicate and engage in groups or communities relevant to them. It is in the interests of WhatsApp users [under the age of majority] to respect their choices or privacy settings and ensure that such features respect WhatsApp requirements.
For creating a group or community:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
For administering active groups or communities:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
Assists you to create backups of your chat history (and media within the chat history), when you request it by:
enabling you to upload a backup of your chat history to a third-party cloud-based service (like Google Drive or iCloud).
end-to-end encrypt your chat history with a randomly generated encryption key or password you create. You can upload these encrypted backups of your chat history to a third-party cloud-based service (like Google Drive or iCloud).
using an encryption key or your password to retrieve an encryption key to decrypt your backed-up chat history.
It is in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to be able to maintain a secure backup of their chat history. It is in our interest to provide users with the option of encrypted backups to secure their backup.
For allowing you to create, access and restore backups and encrypted backups:
Your Account Information
Authentication Information
(authenticating an encryption key or password)
To ensure safety, security, and integrity of our Services.
We use information we have and apply automated data processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
verify accounts on an ongoing basis, and check that user sign-ups are genuine.
log events and aggregated counts about community, group and user actions on our Services (like the number of groups joined) and related sequences like patterns in registration and repetitive or identical User Reports to identify and investigate suspicious users, threats to the security of our Services or where a fake WhatsApp app or an imitation of our Services is being used.
investigate and address violations of our Terms. For example, we may ban your account when we learn that you are engaged in infringing activities.
detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour which threatens the security of our users' information or the Service, such as to combat scraping by bad actors at scale, or our efforts to detect and prevent spam.
collect app verification information from anti-abuse services to aid our integrity-related efforts.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to secure WhatsApp systems, user's accounts, and detect and investigate threats, infringement, harmful or unlawful activities and promote safety, integrity and security on the Services.
To ensure the safety, security and integrity of our Services:
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Communicate with you on Services-related issues, we:
identify relevant Service-related notifications for you, send them to you on WhatsApp and keep a log when you have received the notification. For example, when our Terms are updated we’ll provide a notification about the update.
It is in our interest to send notifications and keep a record of users who have received them. It is in the interests of all WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to receive these notifications.
For sending you notifications or updates about our Services:
Your Account Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
(details of the notifications you have previously received)
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Provide customer support by:
processing requests for support and / or searches you make within the WhatsApp Help Center, in the app or via the WhatsApp website.
responding when you request our help such as assisting with your account login or verification process.
It is in our interest to provide support to our users and provide information with regard to user issues and it is in all WhatsApp users’ interests (under the age of majority) to receive such support and information.
For providing you with customer support:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
For all users of our Services including users under the age of majority
Business intelligence and analytics
:
we count users and events for reporting to identify how many users WhatsApp has (and similar metrics) so we can share these metrics with affiliates, regulators and the public. This includes metrics like how many unique users WhatsApp has across the Meta Companies by establishing which of our users don't use other Meta apps.
validate metrics to understand how and how often our Services are used, and how this compares to usage across the Meta Companies, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and forecast future adoption of the service or features.
In our interest to measure the use of our Services and count the people who interact with the WhatsApp services in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Business intelligence and analytics
:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
We preserve and share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests
.
This includes responding to legal requests where we are not compelled by applicable law but have a good faith belief it is required by law in the relevant jurisdiction or sharing information with law enforcement or industry partners/peers such as other online platforms and technology companies to combat abusive or illegal behaviour. For example, we preserve a snapshot of user information when requested by law enforcement where necessary for the purposes of an investigation.
We may also report illegal or infringing content to law enforcement, government or other authorities.
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of WhatsApp, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
The general public and industry partners/peers such as other online platforms and technology companies have a legitimate interest in having abusive or illegal behaviour investigated and combated.
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Usage Information
General Location Information
User Reports
We preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes
. This includes matters such as violations of our Terms and policies.
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of WhatsApp, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Cookies
User Choices
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
To promote safety, integrity and security outside of the performance of our contract with you, we:
log User Reports and patterns of account compromises to understand the techniques being used by the bad actors that interfere with the Services.
analyse users’ Device and Connection Information to identify and investigate patterns of suspicious behaviour or violations of our policies and Terms.
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to secure WhatsApp systems and fight spam, threats, abuse, or infringement activities and promote safety and security on the Services. It is also in our interest to ensure our Services are used in accordance with the Terms.
For ensuring the safety, security and integrity of our Services:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
User Reports
To improve the WhatsApp customer support service, we:
track information about your interactions with our customer support team to understand if issues are being resolved in a timely manner and whether the information provided in our
FAQs
are helpful.
run quality assurance checks on our interactions with our customers
request and review information you provide in customer satisfaction feedback surveys.
log search queries in our Help Center to build an index of common search queries to keep our help centre up to date with relevant content.
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
To improve the WhatsApp customer support service:
Your Account Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Reports
You have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, this processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
How To Exercise Your Rights
section of this Privacy Policy
We still do not allow third-party banner ads on our Services. We have no intention to introduce them, but if we ever do, we will update this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
How To Exercise Your Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have the right to access, rectify, port, and erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information.
This includes the right to object to our processing of your information for direct marketing and the right to object to our processing of your information where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third-party. We will consider several factors when assessing an objection including: your reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users, third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless the processing is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is needed for legal reasons.
You can object to our processing of your information and learn more about your options to restrict the way we use your information by going
here
. If we use your information for direct marketing, you can always object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in such communications, or by using our in-app "block" feature.
You can access or port your information using our in-app Request Account Info feature (available under Settings > Account). You can access tools to rectify, update, and delete your information directly in-app as described in the
Retention of Your Information
section.
When we process information you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. To withdraw your consent, visit your device-based settings or in-app settings.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Back to top
Retention of Your Information
We store information for as long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, including to provide our Services, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on the following factors:
The nature of the information and why it is collected and processed
. The length of time we will keep your information will generally be determined by how long we need that information to provide you with our Services, including any optional features you use and to provide customer support.
For example:
As described
above
, we require certain of
Your Account Information
to deliver our Services. We need to keep it for the lifetime of your account so that we can maintain your account.
We keep your
User Choices
for the lifetime of your account.
We keep
Authentication Information
for the lifetime of your account.
We only need to keep other information as long as necessary to provide optional features to you, such as
Your Connections
as long as you use contact upload.
We keep information collected using
Cookies
for 90 days.
We generally keep
customer support communications
for 30 days after they have been dealt with or 90 days after we receive them, whichever is sooner.
We generally keep
User Reports
for 90 days.
In certain cases, we need to keep your information for longer for legal reasons as described under the Legal Reasons section below.
Legal Reasons
. In certain cases, we also keep your information for legal reasons, including after your account has been deleted.
We keep your information:
To respond to a legal request or to comply with applicable law when we have a legal obligation to retain information
. For example, if we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or search warrant, related to your account, we preserve your information after you delete your account.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints
. For example, we generally retain correspondence relating to data subject requests for a year, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
For litigation or regulatory matters
. For example, we preserve your information where it is reasonably necessary for reasons related to a legal claim or complaint, such as where we are subject to a regulatory investigation or we need to defend ourselves in legal proceedings about a claim related to your information or respond to a regulator in relation to a complaint made by you or someone else.
Issues relating to the safety, security and integrity of our Services and to protect rights, property and users
. For example, we keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our
Services
, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our
Terms
, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
The actual information that we keep and how long we keep it for depends on the nature of the reason in question.
Operational Retention Needs
. We need to store information in certain cases for operational needs. For example, if a message cannot be delivered immediately, we keep it in encrypted form on our servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver it. We also store information where necessary for troubleshooting and debugging issues with the Services. We keep the information that we store for this purpose for up to 90 days, provided longer storage is not necessary for investigating and resolving a specific issue, or for legal reasons.
Back to top
Deleting Your Information
What Happens To Your Information When Your Account Is Deleted?
When you delete your WhatsApp account or when it is deleted as a result of inactivity (see
About inactive account deletion
for information on inactive accounts), we delete the information we have about you, apart from the information listed below which we retain in limited circumstances.
Deleted Information
. Your Account Information and any undelivered messages to you are deleted from our servers. You will be removed from all WhatsApp communities and groups. Note that for technical reasons it takes up to 90 days from the beginning of the deletion process to delete or de-identify your WhatsApp information. Copies of your information may also remain after the 90 days for a limited time in the backup storage that we use to recover lost information in the event of a disaster, software error, or other information loss event.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Deleted.
If we are analysing or investigating a security incident, in order to maintain the security of our Services, we need to retain
Log and Troubleshooting Information
associated with the incident that we are reviewing past the normal 90 day deletion period.
Copies of certain log records remain in our database but are disassociated from personal identifiers which are used for example to measure performance, reliability and efficiency and to operate and improve our Services.
Your account initially was linked to these records by a randomly generated identifier. To disassociate this information when your account is deleted, we delete the link between this identifier and your account as part of the account deletion process.
Copies of your information may also be retained for legal reasons after you delete your account in the circumstances described. The information that may be retained and length of time we need to retain it will depend on the specific legal reason we need to retain it for.
For more information on how long we store information, see
Retention of Your Information
.
Back to top
Managing Your Information
If you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your information, you can do that through the following tools:
Settings
. You can change your settings to manage certain information available to other users. You can manage your contacts, groups, and broadcast lists, or use our "block" feature to manage who you communicate with on our Services.
Changing Your Mobile Phone Number, Profile Name And Picture, And "About" Information
. If you change your mobile phone number you must update it using our in-app change number feature and transfer your account to your new mobile phone number. You can also change your profile name, profile picture, and "about" information at any time.
Deleting Your WhatsApp Account
. You can delete your WhatsApp account at any time using our in-app delete my account feature in your in-app settings. Once you initiate the deletion process for your account, that account can no longer be used (i.e. you cannot log in or re-register or access any content (including message history) as it will be deleted). See
Deleting Your Information
section for more detail on what happens to your information when you delete your account.
Be mindful that if you only delete WhatsApp from your device without selecting the in-app delete my account option in your in-app settings, the
Information We Collect
will be stored on our servers for a longer period. WhatsApp accounts are generally deleted after 120 days of inactivity. Users are not alerted when this occurs. See our help centre article
About inactive account deletion
for more information.
Please remember that when your account is deleted, it does not affect your information related to the communities or groups you created (such as community or group names), or the information other users have relating to you, such as their copy of the messages you sent them.
Back to top
Working With Authorities, Advisors And Industry Partners
We access and share your information described in the
Information We Collect
section, including sharing with regulators, law enforcement, other government agencies, industry partners/peers such as other online platforms and technology companies, our advisors such as external lawyers who act for us, and others in accordance with the
How and Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Basis for Processing
section if we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to:
respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, court orders, legal process, or government requests. For example, sharing with regulators, law enforcement, or other government agencies in response to legal requests or sharing with civil litigants pursuant to court orders;
detect, investigate, prevent, or address fraud and other illegal activity or security and technical issues. For example, we access and share information with law enforcement, other government agencies, or industry partners such as other online platforms and technology companies to identify and prevent bad actors using our Services for illegal purposes; or
protect the rights, property and safety of our users, WhatsApp, the Meta Companies, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
For more information on how we preserve your information for these purposes, please see the
Retention of Your Information
section.
The processing we carry out will depend on the circumstances. Further information on the different categories of information affected and the legal bases we rely on is set out in the
How and Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Basis for Processing
section under the Processing necessary to perform our contract with you, Compliance with a Legal Obligation, Protection of Your Vital Interests or Those of Another Person and Legitimate Interests headings.
Back to top
Transferring Information to Other Countries
Why is information transferred to other countries?
WhatsApp shares information described in the
Information We Collect
section of this Privacy Policy globally, both internally within the
Meta Companies
, and externally with third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our
Terms
. This includes places where the
data centers
we rely on are located, and where our other internal
Meta Companies
and external
Third-Party Service Providers
are located. These transfers are necessary and essential to enable us to provide the Services set forth in our
Terms
and globally to operate and provide our Services which allow you to communicate with users and businesses on WhatsApp around the world.
How do we safeguard your information?
When information controlled by WhatsApp is transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in other countries, we rely on the following transfer mechanisms:
Adequacy Decisions
: We rely on relevant "adequacy regulations" from the UK Government which recognise that certain countries and territories outside of the UK ensure an adequate level of protection for personal information. We transfer information we collect from the UK to Israel and the EEA in reliance on such adequacy regulations.
Standard Contractual Clauses
: We utilise the UK standard contractual transfer mechanisms approved by the UK Government (the International Data Transfer Agreement and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission). For example, WhatsApp uses Meta’s global infrastructure and data centers, which are located around the world including Singapore and within the United States, to store the information described in the
Information We Collect
section of this Privacy Policy. For a copy of the standard contractual transfer mechanisms, please see our
SCC Help Centre article
.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of the standard contractual clauses, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided for under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement or in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
If you have any questions about WhatsApp’s international data transfers you can
contact us
.
Back to top
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We may amend or update our Privacy Policy. We will provide you notice of amendments to this Privacy Policy, as appropriate, and update the “Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Back to top
Contact Us
The Data Protection Officer for WhatsApp can be contacted
here
.
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please
contact us
or write us here:
WhatsApp LLC
Attn: Privacy Policy
1601 Willow Road Menlo Park,
California 94025, USA
Back to top
Sub-policy 5
https://www.mailjet.com/privacy-policy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailgun
Email on Acid
About
About
Careers
Help
Help
Documentation
Documentation
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Blog
Blog
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Log in
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Back to main menu
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Blog
Blog
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailgun
Email on Acid
About
About
Careers
Help
Help
Documentation
Documentation
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Log in
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Mailgun
Email on Acid
Careers
Your privacy and security is of the utmost importance to us. We describe in this policy how we collect and use information about you in your use of our services, including our platform and the website. If you are one of our customers, you should read this policy in conjunction with our
Terms of Service
.
We are Sinch Email, a Sinch Group company, comprising of the brands Mailgun, Mailgun Optimize, Mailjet, and Email on Acid. The processing explained in this policy may be carried out by Sinch Email or other data controllers in the Sinch Group.
When collecting information about our customers or visitors of our website, we are, under European Union (“EU") data protection laws, qualified as “data controller". This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you.
We collect information about you when you fill in a sign up or contact form on our website or send us an email. We may also receive your personal data from third parties, when you express your interest for our services to them.
We collect information by automated means. When you visit our website, view one of our advertisements on a third party-owned website, or read our marketing newsletters, we automatically collect information about you via cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies. These are small files associated with information that your browser or our servers will save and return as part of your use of the website and the services for purposes such as saving your login session between visits, remembering your display preferences, tracking your use of the website, and for audience measurement purposes. For more information on our use of cookies, read
our cookies notice
.
We collect two types of information about you: personal data and non-personal data.
Personal data. This is information that lets us know who you are. This includes the information you provide us when registering to use the platform (i.e. your name, company name, email address, postal address, other contact information you share with us, associated domain name and credit card information). Your login credentials are also personal data. This category also includes information tied to your identity that you provide us through other means, such as emails to our support team.
In addition, and in the context of using our services, namely creating and sending emails, we have access to the information contained in the subject and content of the emails that you send out, as well as the email contacts you send to via our services.
The data you submit should not include any sensitive personal data, such as Government identifiers (i.e. social security, driving licence, or taxpayer identification numbers), complete credit card or complete personal bank card numbers, medical records or particulars connected with applications for care or treatment associated with private individuals.
Non-personal data. This is information that doesn’t let us determine your identity. This generally comes from your use of the services after registering on our website. Non-personal data includes information that could personally identify you in its original form, but that we have modified (for instance, by aggregation) any personal data.
If you are a visitor of our website, we use your personal and non-personal data to engage with you and support live chat conversations on the website.
When you are one of our customers, we use the information we collect about you to provide the services to you. As part of that purpose, we use your data:
Badge Check
to create and maintain your platform account (and subaccounts), and to control access to it;
Badge Check
to provide our services and facilitate performance, including verifications relating to you and for email verifications;
Badge Check
to provide you with real-time logs of your use of the platform;
Badge Check
to respond to any requests you may submit for support or sales information, or similar communications;
Badge Check
to communicate with you about our services (for example through newsletters, marketing emails, announcements or special offers);
Badge Check
for billing and collection purposes, if you have subscribed to one of our paid plans;
Badge Check
for the investigation, prevention and management of fraud and for breaches of our Terms of service;
Badge Check
to enable third parties to provide services to us;
Badge Check
for customers that request allocated dedicated IP addresses, for the purposes of assigning the dedicated IP address to that customer;
Badge Check
personalize, assess, and improve our services, content and materials and for audience measurement purposes;
Badge Check
to comply with applicable laws to which we are subject.
We may use your non-personal data to enhance the services, for instance through web analytics or troubleshooting. We may also use aggregated or depersonalized information to promote our services, such as by citing usage statistics.
We collect your personal data because we need it to perform a contract we have signed with you or because you have taken steps to enter into a contract with us (for instance, when you fill in a contact form to request information about our services or when you sign up for an account). Otherwise, we collect personal data based on your consent for that specific purpose, and in limited purposes under legitimate interests (for example, to enable us to foster and develop our relationship (with the use of a customer relationship management system), and to perform credit checks or for verification of data and payment details).
Except for the limited circumstances we describe here or in an applicable agreement or our Terms of service, we do not share your personal data with third parties. When we need to provide your personal data to third parties, we will only share it to the extent necessary to provide you with our services, and we ensure that we have in place data protection requirements with these third parties (including standard contractual clauses as well as the requisite technical and organisational measures).
We may also share your personal data as required or permitted by law and as to optimally provide our services through third party providers as described below.
Hosting Services:
We host the website and operate the platform using third parties, including Google Cloud Platform, AWS®, MacStadium and Rackspace®. Your platform will be hosted from their data centers throughout the United States or Europe, based on where you have selected to deploy our services (no transfers between these separate data center locations occur).
Payment Providers:
We use Stripe®, Chargify, Aria, and Authorize.net to process subscription payments, and therefore provide them with the personal data required to charge your credit card and maintain any payment mandate information as law requires.
Website functionalities and optimization:
We may use third-party services either embedded into our website (such as Drift, Optimizely, VWO, Segment™, Split.io and Google® Analytics) or outside of it (such as GitHub®, Unbounce and Twitter®) to communicate with you or to enhance the function of the website and the services, and for product development and optimization.
Customer engagement:
We use third-party service providers and platforms (such as Gainsight, Customer.io, Looker, Snowflake, Salesforce, Uservoice, Zapier, and Zendesk) for customer engagement, customer chat, product feedback and customer support ticketing.
IP addresses:
We may share your contact information with ARIN (American Registry for Internet Numbers) for the purposes of fulfilling your request to re-assign the dedicated IP addresses.
While we provide these third parties with no more information than what is necessary to enable them to provide the services to us, any information that you provide these services providers independently is subject to their respective privacy policies and practices.
In no case do we sell, share or rent out your contacts to third parties, nor use them for any purpose other than those set forth in this policy.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities or regulatory bodies, including to meet law enforcement requirements, in the case of a court order, a summons to appear in court or any other similar requisition from a government or the judiciary, or to establish or defend a legal application.
Our US company, Mailgun Technologies, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Additionally, we will provide information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We keep your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide our services to you (unless otherwise required by law).
If you would like us to cease all of the described uses of your personal data, you may delete your account at any time from the Account Settings section of our Dashboard. This will delete your personal data from our records (within a maximum of ninety (90) days), and we will make no further use of it. We may, however, retain copies of your personal data in backups for legal retention purposes and/or for our own legitimate business purposes.
Sinch Email complies with the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) as well as all applicable data protection laws. For all transfers of personal data from the EU and EEA, we maintain EU Standard contractual clauses where necessary, ensure additional safeguards such as data encryption and data minimization, as well as perform transfer impact assessments, audits and controls on our important sub processors.
Sinch Email complies with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (EU-US DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. More specifically Mailgun Technologies, Inc., our group US company, has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. Sinch Email remains responsible for all the personal information we receive under the EU-US DPF and that we subsequently transfer to third parties acting as agents on our behalf if they process personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF principles, unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In accordance with Data Protection laws, you have the right to:
Badge Check
Request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Badge Check
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Badge Check
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no legitimate reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Badge Check
Withdraw your consent and opt-out from our communications. We will honor your opt-out within 14 days. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service-related messages if you remain a customer.
Badge Check
Object to processing of your personal data, for example, if we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this basis.
Badge Check
Request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Badge Check
Request the transfer of your personal data (right to data portability).
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, please email our privacy team at
privacy@mailgun.com
. Sinch Email commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@sinch.com
.
Sinch Email has also committed to cooperate and comply, in compliance with the EU-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU_US DPF, with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPA) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning personal data received in reliance on the EU-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration as per the EU-US DPF Principles Annex. If you are located in the EU, you also have the right to lodge a complaint to your DPA.
You can sign our Data Processing Agreement which lists out all our important sub-processors used and the measures in place to ensure proper data protections.
The security and integrity of your personal information is very important to us. We follow industry accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. We ensure the appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures are in place with a view to safeguarding and preserving all the data handled. Our infrastructure is located in top-tier data centers. Each of these locations adhere to strict physical and procedural controls which are frequently audited. Our applications are routinely scanned for vulnerabilities and an independent penetration test is conducted annually. Our employees undergo background checks (when allowed) and sign non-disclosure agreements at the time of hire.
Remember, though, that some parts of the services are public and that email, by its nature, is not a reliably private means of communication. If you voluntarily provide personal data in a public area of the website, unrelated parties online will be able to view it and collect it. If you don’t want to make this information publicly available, you shouldn’t post it.
The information provided in this policy may be modified to address new issues or changes. If we make significant changes, we may notify you by other means (for instance, by email or with a banner on the website) prior to the change becoming effective. Any changes we make will take effect 30 days after the update date noted
above
. If you object to the changes, you may choose to close out your account with us before the new effective date to delete your account and related information from our records.
Last revised and updated 01/15/2025. To review a changelog and see the previous version,
click here
.
deliv-team@mailjet.company
outbound-sales@mailjet.company
spamtrapmonitoring@mailjet.company
pop@mailjet.top
manu@mailjet.top
tonyparker@mailjet.top
Sub-policy 6
https://elementor.com/about/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 2024
Elementor Ltd., including our subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide (“Elementor”, “we”, “our” or “us”), puts great efforts in making sure that the personal data we process is safe and used properly, and that our data practices are accurately communicated to our prospects and users (“you”).
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use and disclose the following types of personal data:
Prospect data concerning our visitors, prospective affiliates and customers, who visit or engage with our websites (such as
https://elementor.com/
and its subdomains), blogs, community, marketplace or other similar forums, online ads and content, emails or other communications under our control (collectively, the “Sites”), or participate in events or webinars that we organize or take part in (collectively, “Prospects”).
User data concerning individuals (“Users”) who use Elementor’s WordPress web development platform, features and tools, and/or hosting solution (together with the Sites – the “Services”).
Specifically, this Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding:
Data Collection
Data Uses
Data Location
Data Retention
Data Security
Data Sharing
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Communications
Data Subject Rights
Elementor Hosting
Roles and Responsibilities
Additional Information and Contact
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and make sure that you fully understand and agree to it.
You are not legally required to provide us with any personal data, and may do so (or avoid doing so) at your own free will. If you do not wish to provide us with your personal data, or to have it processed by us or any of our Service Providers (per Section 6 below), please avoid any interaction with us or any use of our Services.
1. Data Collection
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
we collect your data when you use our Services or contact us, directly ourselves or via third-party services.
Such data may include:The data we process regarding our Prospects and Users is typically collected and generated through automatic means, directly from you, through your interaction with us or with our Services; or through third-party services, social media, analytics tools, events we organize or take part in, and other business initiatives.
Contact information: contact details and interests, as well as any needs, preferences, attributes and insights relevant to our potential engagement;
Direct interactions and communications with us: correspondence with us (e.g., for user experience, support and training purposes), as well as chats, surveys, feedbacks, calls and video recordings, transcriptions, and analyses thereof;
Site usage information: connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data, user agent, IP addresses, device data (such as type, OS, device ID, browser version, locale and language settings used), approximate geolocation, activity, communication and performance logs, session recordings, issues and bugs, and the cookies and pixels installed or utilized on your device.
We collect additional data from our Users, such as:
Account information: e-mail address, name and, when applicable, hashed password, phone number or other information used for authentication, access control and providing support;
Payment information: mailing address, tax ID number, company name (if applicable), 4 last digits of the credit card number, expiration date, credit card type, or account details at payment processing services such as PayPal (if applicable), and payment preferences. To the extent that any of the foregoing solely relates to a non-human entity, we will not regard it as personal data, and this Privacy Policy will not apply to it.
Service usage information: license key, server’s software, version and IP address, MySQL version, PHP settings & version, WordPress version, WordPress debug mode, WordPress memory limit, WordPress max upload size, WordPress settings (permalink structure, multisite, language, theme, plugins), site URL, number of custom templates saved to library, number of posts using Elementor, and number of widgets used. Please note, if you enabled the Services’ usage information collection option, you can always disable it by unchecking the ‘Usage Data Tracking’ option in the dashboard’s settings.
2. Data Uses
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We use your data to provide you with our Services, to continually improve them, and to communicate with you.
Elementor processes the personal data described in Section 1 for the purposes listed below, as necessary for the performance of our Services (“Performance of Contract”); to comply with our legal and contractual obligations (“Legal Obligations”); and to support our legitimate interests in maintaining, improving and advertising our Services. These include understanding how our Services are used, and how our Services, campaigns and other activities are performing; gaining insights which help us dedicate our resources and efforts more efficiently; marketing, advertising and selling our Services; providing customer service and technical support; and protecting and securing our Services, ourselves and the organizations and individuals we engage with (“Legitimate Interests”).
Elementor operates in many countries around the world. If you reside or are using the Services in a territory governed by privacy laws under which “consent” is the only or most appropriate legal basis for processing personal data in the manners described in this Policy (in general, or specifically with respect to the types of personal data you expect or elect to be or have processed by or via the Services), your acceptance of our
Terms and Conditions
and this Privacy Policy will be deemed as your consent to the processing of your personal data for all purposes detailed herein. If you wish to revoke such consent, please contact us at privacy@elementor.com.
Specifically, we use your data for the following purposes (and in reliance on the legal bases for processing noted next to them, as appropriate):
To facilitate, operate, enhance and provide our Services. We specifically note that in accessing certain third-party domains, per your instructions, we may conduct such access through your IP address, in order to ensure relevant and efficient access to public data. Please note that this activity may be tracked by Internet Service Providers. We will never use the IP address to access websites which may impact your ability to access the Internet (Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests);
To provide you with assistance and technical support services, to test and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems, and to train our staff (Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests);
To personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services, and to provide further localization and personalization capabilities (Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests);
To gain a better understanding on how individuals use and interact with our Services, which content and data they have processed through our Services, and how we could improve their and others’ user experience and the value they can generate from using the Services, so we could continue improving our products, offerings and the overall performance of our Services, including through the utilization and optimization of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning capabilities (Legitimate Interests);
To facilitate and optimize our marketing and advertising campaigns, ad management and sales operations, and to manage and deliver advertisements for our products and Services more effectively (Legitimate Interests; Consent);
To contact you with general or personalized service-related messages, or with promotional messages, in accordance with Section 8 below, and to facilitate, sponsor and offer certain events and promotions (Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests; Consent);
To facilitate and optimize our marketing campaigns, ad management and sales operations, and to manage and deliver advertisements for our products and services more effectively, including on other websites and applications. Such activities allow us to highlight the benefits of using our Services, and thereby increase your engagement and overall satisfaction with our Services. This includes contextual, behavioral and interests-based advertising based on your activity, preferences or other data available to us or to our business partners (Legitimate Interests; Consent);
To support and enhance our data security measures, including for the purposes of preventing and mitigating the risks of fraud, error or any illegal or prohibited activity (Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests);
To create aggregated statistical data, inferred non-personal data, or anonymized or pseudonymized data (rendered non-personal), which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services, or for any other purpose (Legitimate Interests); and
To comply with our legal, regulatory, compliance and contractual obligations (Legal Obligations).
3. Data Location
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We and our Service Providers will store your data in different locations worldwide.
We and our authorized Service Providers maintain, store and process personal data in the various locations we operate around the globe, including in Israel, the EU and the US, as reasonably necessary for the proper performance and delivery of our Services, or as may be required by law.
While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Elementor, its affiliates and Service Providers are each committed to protect personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, customary industry standards, and such appropriate lawful mechanisms and contractual terms requiring adequate data protection, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in the jurisdiction to which such data may be transferred.
Elementor Ltd. is headquartered in Israel, a jurisdiction which is recognized by the European Commission and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) as offering an adequate level of protection for the personal data of UK and EEA residents. We transfer personal data from the EEA and the UK to Israel on this basis. For data transfers from the EEA or UK to countries which are not considered to be offering an adequate level of data protection, we and the relevant data exporters and importers have entered into Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission and UK ICO. You can obtain a copy by contacting us as indicated in Section 12 below.
4. Data Retention
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We retain your personal data for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services; we do not retain your payment information.
We retain your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary to provide you with our Services and offerings and to maintain and expand our relationship; to comply with our legal and contractual obligations; or to protect ourselves from any potential disputes (e.g. as required by laws applicable to log-keeping, records and bookkeeping, and in order to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your discontinuance of use), all in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Please note that except as required by applicable law or our specific agreements with you, we will not be obligated to retain your personal data for any particular period, and we are free to securely delete it or restrict access to it for any reason and at any time, with or without notice to you. If you have any questions about our data retention policy, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@elementor.com.
Please also note that we do not retain your payment information, it is transferred directly to the relevant Service Provider (as per Section 6 below). We only retain a token of such payment information (which cannot be used to reidentify it) and the chosen payment method, as it is required for your continuous payment of our Services subscriptions.
5. Data Security
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We will do our best to make sure your data is secured.
We and our Service Providers implement systems, applications and procedures to secure your personal data, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security, however, although we make efforts to protect your privacy and data, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of any personal data stored with us or with any third-parties.
6. Data Sharing
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We may share your data for different reasons, mainly in order to provide you with our Services, or if required by law.
Legal Compliance: in exceptional circumstances, we may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials access to your personal data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, with or without notice to you. Such disclosure or access may occur if we believe in good faith that: (a) we are legally compelled to do so; (b) disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing; or (c) such disclosure is required to protect our legitimate business interests, including the security or integrity of our products and Services.
Service Providers: we engage selected third-party companies and individuals to perform services complementary to our own. Such Service Providers include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), internet service providers, operating systems and platform, data analytics services, marketing and advertising services, data and cyber security services, fraud detection and prevention services, billing and payment processing services, web analytics, e-mail and SMS distribution and monitoring services, session or activity recording services, remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization services, social and advertising networks, content providers, support and customer relation management systems; and our business, legal, financial and compliance advisors (collectively, “Service Providers“). These Service Providers may have access to your personal data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating, supporting and enhancing our Services, and may only use it for such purposes.
As part of providing the Services our affiliates, agents, contractors, representatives, trusted business partners, and third-party service providers (including without limitation, the following entities) may have access to your personal data: We use
Google Ads
,
Facebook Ads
,
Twitter Ads
,
Microsoft Ads
, Reddit, Quora, Pinterest, TikTok and
LinkedIn Ads
to reach our target audience with relevant ads. We use the data to track sales and other business goals, all the data is being masked, and the company can’t identify any action from a specific customer or user. We use
CloudFlare
to accelerate our web pages. We use
Facebook Messenger
and
Manychat
to communicate with our users; each interaction is logged in Facebook Messenger. We use
MailChimp
,
SendGrid
,
Jilt
, and Kustomer to send promotional and support communications to our users.  We use
Google Analytics
to analyze marketing goals and to integrate different data sources together. We use
PayPal
, and
Stripe
for our payment processing and accounting. We use
Hotjar
in order to better understand your needs and optimize these services and experience. We require the foregoing parties to process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy and subject to security and other appropriate confidentiality safeguards.  If you used our services to contact a third-party, such as in our marketplace, then we will provide the information you filled out in the form to said third-party.
Third-Party Websites and Services: our Services may include links to third-party websites, and integrations with third-party services. Such websites and third-party services, and any information you process, submit, transmit or otherwise use with such websites and third-party services, are beyond the scope of Elementor’s
Terms and Conditions
and Privacy Policy and will therefore be governed by such third-party’s terms and privacy practices and policies, and not by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to carefully read the terms and privacy policies of such websites and third-party services.
Account Administrators for Multi-Member Plans: User data may be shared with the administrator or other Users of the same account (if applicable). This means that the administrator of the account may have access, and will be able to monitor, process and analyze the personal data contained therein, as well as your use of the Services and communication with us.
Protecting Rights and Safety: we may share personal data with others if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Elementor, our Users, our Prospects, or any members of the general public.
Elementor Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies; Change of Control: we may share personal data internally within our group, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, should Elementor Ltd. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates undergo any change in control or ownership, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all or part of its assets, or will be considered or found eligible for a governmental grant and/or a potential investment, personal data may be shared with the parties involved in such an event. If we believe that such event might materially affect your personal data then stored with us, we will notify you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail or prominent notice on our Services.
Additional Sharing: we may share your personal data in additional manners, pursuant to your request or explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal, non-identifiable and anonymous. We may transfer, share or otherwise use non-personal and non-identifiable data at our sole discretion and without the need for further approval.
7. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We use cookies to provide and improve our Services.
Elementor and our Service Providers use cookies and other technologies for performance, tracking, analytics, personalization purposes and in order to provide you with a better experience. We may share non-identifiable/aggregated extracts of such information with our partners for our legitimate business purposes.
Cookies: cookies are small text files that are stored through the browser on your computer or mobile device (for example, Google Chrome or Safari) when you visit a website. Some cookies are removed when you close your browser session – these are the “session cookies”. Some last for longer periods and are called “persistent cookies”. We use both types of cookies to facilitate the use of the Services’ features and tools. Whilst we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from a browser or mobile application, you can manage your cookies preferences, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them, through your browser settings. Please bear in mind that disabling cookies may complicate or even prevent you from using the Services. For more information regarding cookies, you may find the following websites useful:
www.allaboutcookies.org
,
www.youronlinechoices.co.uk
.
Google Analytics: we use Google Analytics to collect information about the use of our Services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you visit the Services, which pages you visited when doing so, and which other sites they used prior to coming to our Services. We do not merge the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable data. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to and use of the Services is restricted by the
Google Analytics Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
. You can learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Google Analytics
here
. Further information about your option to opt-out of these analytics services is available
here
.
To learn more about our cookies practices, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
8. Communications
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We may contact you with service and promotional communications.
We engage in service and promotional communications, through social media, e-mail, phone, SMS and notifications.
Service Communications: we may contact you with important information regarding our Services. For example, we may send you notifications (through any of the means available to us) of changes or updates to our Services (such as billing issues, login attempts or password reset instructions, alerts and notifications concerning anomalies detected by our Services, etc.). You can control your communications and notifications in accordance with the instructions included in the communications sent to you. Please note that you will not be able to opt-out of receiving certain service communications which are integral to your use (like password resets or billing notices payment issues, login attempts or password reset instructions, etc.).
Notifications and Promotional Communications: we may also notify you about new features, additional offerings, events, webinars, special opportunities or any other information we think you will find valuable. We may provide such notices through any of the contact means available to us (e.g., SMS, phone, mobile or e-mail), through the Services, or through our marketing campaigns on any other sites or platforms. In order to control your notifications settings please follow the instructions included in the promotional communications sent to you. If you do not wish to receive such communication, you may also notify us by sending an e-mail to: privacy@elementor.com.
9. Data Subject Rights
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
You may exercise your rights concerning your personal data, by contacting us or editing your user profile.
Individuals have rights concerning their personal data. If you wish to exercise your privacy rights under any applicable law, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or the CCPA, such as – to the extent applicable – the right to know/request access (specific pieces of personal data collected; categories of personal data collected; categories of sources from whom the personal data was collected; purpose of collecting personal data; categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal data), rectification or erasure of your personal data held with Elementor, please log in to “
My Profile
” and edit your user profile. If you wish to exercise your right to restrict or object to such personal data’s processing, to direct us not to sell your personal data to third parties now or in the future, or to port such personal data, or the right to equal services and prices (e.g. freedom from discrimination) (each to the extent available to you under the laws which apply to you) – please contact us by e-mail at: privacy@elementor.com. Please be advised that deleting your personal data stored with Elementor will adversely affect your use of our Services.
Please note that such rights are not absolute. There are instances where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all of the personal data that we hold about you. In the event that we cannot accommodate your request, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
Please also note that we may require additional information, including certain personal data, in order to authenticate and process your request. Such additional information may be then retained by us for legal purposes (e.g., as proof of the identity of the person submitting the request), in accordance with Section 4 above. We may redact from the data which we will make available to you, any personal data related to others.
10. Elementor Hosting
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We may process personal data on our Hosting Users’ behalf, if you are their visitor or user, please contact them directly with any requests.
With respect to our hosting offering, we may store personal data of visitors and users of our Users, who are hosting their website on Elementor (“Hosting Users”).
If you are a visitor or user of our Hosting Users’ website, and you would like to make any requests or queries regarding data we process on their behalf, please contact them directly. For example, if you are a visitor or user of our Hosting User and you wish to access, correct, or delete data processed by Elementor on their behalf, please direct your request to the relevant Hosting User (who is the “data controller” of such data – per Section 11 below). Note that if you do contact us, we may share your communications with the relevant Hosting User.
We recommend our Hosting Users to provide their visitors and users with adequate notice (for example via a privacy policy on their website), including sufficient reference to the processing of such data by us, and any other information necessary to comply with applicable laws. If you are a visitor or user of our Hosting Users’ website, we recommend reading such privacy policy carefully and making sure that you fully understand and agree to it. Please note that such Hosting Users’ websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
11. Roles and Responsibilities
IN PLAIN ENGLISH
We are the controllers of our Prospects and Users data; we are the processors of visitors and users’ data processed on our Hosting Users’ behalf.
Certain data protection laws and regulations, such as the GDPR or the CCPA typically distinguish between two main roles for parties processing personal data: the “data controller” (or under the CCPA, “business”), who determines the purposes and means of processing; and the “data processor” (or under the CCPA, “service provider”), who processes the data on behalf of the data controller. Below we explain how these roles apply to our Services, to the extent that such laws and regulations apply.
Elementor is the “data controller” of its Prospects and Users data. With respect to such data, we assume the responsibilities of data controller (solely to the extent applicable under law), as set forth in this Privacy Policy. In such instances, our Service Providers processing such data will assume the role of “data processor”.
Elementor is the “data processor” of its Hosting Users’ visitors and users’ data, which we process on behalf of our Hosting Users, who are the “data controller” of such data. Such processing will be in accordance with
Elementor Hosting Data Processing Agreement
(“DPA”). In these instances, our Service Providers processing such data will assume the role of “sub-processors”.
For the avoidance of doubt, each Hosting User is solely responsible for providing adequate notice to their visitors and users whose personal data may be processed – including sufficient reference to the processing of their personal data via the Services, and any other information necessary to comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws; and to obtain all approvals and consents from such individuals as required under such laws.
12. Additional Information and Contact Details
External Links: while our Services may contain links to other websites or services, we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to pay attention when you leave our Services for the website or application of such third-parties, and to read the privacy policies of each and every website and service you visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services.Updates and Amendments: we may update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version on our Services. The amended version will be effective as of the date it is published. We will provide prior notice if we believe any substantial changes are involved via any of the communication means available to us or via Services. After such notice period, all amendments shall be deemed accepted by you.
Our Services are not designed to attract children under the age of 18: we do not knowingly collect personal data from children and do not wish to do so. If we learn that a person under the age of 18 is using the Services, we will attempt to prohibit and block such use and will make our best efforts to promptly delete any personal data stored with us with regard to such child. If you believe that we might have any such data, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@elementor.com.
California Requirements: This Privacy Policy describes the categories of personal information we may collect and the sources of such information (in Section ‎‎1 above), and our retention (Section ‎4) and deletion (Section ‎9) practices. We also included information about how we may process your information (in Sections ‎2 through ‎8), which includes for “business purposes” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We do not sell your personal information for the intents and purposes of CCPA. We may share personal data with third parties or allow them to collect personal data from our Services as described in Section ‎6 above, if those third parties are authorised Service Providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such personal data, or if you integrate the services of third parties with our Services, or direct us to disclose your personal data to third parties.
If you have any questions or would like to exercise your rights under the CCPA, you can contact privacy@elementor.com. Questions, concerns or complaints: if you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if you have any concerns regarding your personal data held with us, or if you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Elementor, you can contact us at
privacy@elementor.com
.
Representative for data subjects in the EU, UK, and Switzerland
We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter Group with its local partners as our privacy representative and your point of contact for the following regions:
United Kingdom (UK)
Switzerland
European Union (EU)
Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g. requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative, Prighter, or make use of your data subject rights, please visit the following
website
.
All Categories
Terms of Service
Online Store Policies
Support & Updates
Template Library
Submission Policy
Trademark Guidelines
Marketplace
Affiliate Program
Privacy Policy
Cloud Terms
Elementor Web Creators
Cookie Policy