Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to Floating Teleprompter. We hope our policy is straightforward and easy-to-understand. Please take a minute to review the details of our privacy policy below.
Information we may collect from you and how we use it
Personal Information that we automatically collect:
When you use our services, we automatically collect information about the device you use to access our services and your usage of our services. The information we collect may include (where available) the type and model of the device you use, the device's unique device identifier, operating system, language options and mobile network information to allow you to use our services. We use this information to administer our services and for our internal operations including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, to improve our services.
Please note that our services require access to your device’s storage application in order to store the completed videos, but we do not take any information, videos, photos or other content from your device’s video storage application. To fully experience our services, please also note that you should enable us to access to permissions in your phone such as record, camera, microphone, location and etc. You can also disable such access permission in settings of your phone if you do not think it’s necessary.
Details of Correspondence:
If you contact us by email, we may keep a record of that correspondence in our system. To troubleshoot your problem, we may need your mobile model name, OS version and our app version number. We will not retain a record of that correspondence for no longer than is reasonably necessary.
Cookies:
When you use our services, certain information may be stored locally on your mobile device using 'cookies' or similar technologies such as objects stored in our service's local storage on the device that you are using. A cookie is a small text file or data file used to store limited information about the user of the device and is stored on your device. It helps us to identify how our users use our services and so that we can continuously evolve and improve it. We use information collected from cookies to improve users' experience and the overall quality of our services.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms & Privacy, please feel free to contact us:
iandrew.shen@gmail.com