Data Privacy
Privacy Policy
We, Porsche Sales & Marketplace GmbH (hereinafter referred to as 'we' or 'PSM GmbH'), are pleased about your use of the Porsche Digital Service Infrastructure and our other digital offers (hereinafter individually or jointly also referred to as 'services' and jointly 'Porsche Digital Service Infrastructure'). This Privacy Policy provides information about the processing of your personal data and your privacy rights as a data subject in connection with your use of the Porsche Digital Service Infrastructure and our services. For information on the individual services, please refer to the further Special Data Protection Notices of the respective service.
1.	Data controller and data protection officer
Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Privacy Policy and, if applicable, in the further Special Data Protection Notices of the respective service, the entity responsible for data processing is:
Porsche Sales & Marketplace GmbH
Porscheplatz 1
70435 Stuttgart
Germany
E-mail:
smartmobility@de.porsche.com
You can reach our data protection officer at the above address with the addition of 'Data Protection Officer', or at
dataprotection.salesandmarketplace@porsche.de
This Privacy Policy for Porsche Connect Services in the vehicle describes not only processing under the responsibility of PSM GmbH, but also processing which (also) falls under the responsibility of Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG (hereinafter: Porsche AG) as the manufacturer of the vehicle. Where this is the case, reference is made to this in the relevant sections.
The entity responsible for this data processing is:
 
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG
Porscheplatz 1
70435 Stuttgart
Germany
Tel: +49 (0) 711 911-0
E-mail:
info@porsche.de
You can reach the data protection officer of Porsche AG at the above address with the addition of 'Data Protection Officer', or at
https://www.porsche.com/privacy-contact/
In relation to certain processing operations, we may be joint controllers with Porsche AG, its group companies and/or third parties ('we' then also stands for these joint controllers). In relation to such joint processes, we jointly determine the purposes and means of processing personal data. In such cases, in an agreement on joint responsibility pursuant to Article 26 of the GDPR, we accordingly also define the respective tasks and responsibilities in the processing of personal data and the parties responsible for fulfilling data protection obligations. In particular, we define how an appropriate level of security and your rights as a data subject can be ensured, how we can jointly comply with information obligations under data protection law and how we can monitor potential data protection incidents. This also includes ensuring that we can fulfil our reporting and notification obligations. Insofar as you contact us, we will come to an agreement in accordance with the aforementioned agreement pursuant to Article 26 of the GDPR in order to answer your enquiry and guarantee your data subject rights. We will provide information on the existence and circumstances of joint responsibility on a case-by-case basis in the relevant section of this Privacy Policy.
2.	Subject matter of Data Privacy
The subject matter of Data Privacy is the protection of personal data. This is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person (so-called data subject). This includes, for example, information such as the name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number, but also other information that is generated in the course of using the online offer, in particular information about the start, end and scope of its use as well as the transmission of your IP address.
3.	Purposes and legal bases
This Privacy Policy hereinafter provides you with an overview of the purposes and legal bases of data processing in the context of registering, creating and using your Porsche ID user account as well as of other data processing during your customer relationship. We process your personal data in particular if this is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or for the performance of pre-contractual measures that take place at your request. In these cases, data is usually processed on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) of the GDPR.
We also process your personal data, insofar as this is necessary, to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. The data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (c) of the GDPR. The obligations may result, for example, from commercial, tax, money laundering, financial or criminal law. The processing generally serves the purpose of complying with state obligations with regard to monitoring and duty of disclosure.
The provision of personal data by you may be required by law or contract when using the services or may be necessary for the conclusion of a contract. We will inform you separately if you are obliged to provide personal data and what the possible consequences of not doing so would be (e.g. a loss of claims, or we might have to inform you that we cannot provide the requested service without being provided with certain details).
3.1 Provision of the website
To a certain extent, it is possible to use this website without logging in. Even if you use the website without logging in, personal data may still be processed. Below you will find an overview of the type, scope, purposes of and legal grounds for automated data processing that takes place when using our website. For information on the processing of personal data when using the individual specific features and services, please refer to the points below.
The following data will be processed by us when you access our website with your device:
Date and time of access,
Duration of visit,
Type of device,
Operating system used,
The features you use,
Amount of data transmitted,
Type of event,
IP address,
Referrer URL,
Domain name.
We process this data on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) and (f) of the GDPR for the purpose of providing the website, safeguarding its technical operation and identifying and resolving malfunctions. In doing so, we also pursue the aim of permanently ensuring the technical functionality of the website, improving performance and optimising the user experience. This data is processed automatically when you access our website. Without the provision of data, you cannot use our website. We do not use this data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about your person or your identity.
3.2 Porsche ID user account
Registration and creation of a Porsche ID user account on My Porsche are required to make full use of the Porsche Digital Service Infrastructure and the services offered under it. Here, personal data is processed and, if necessary, transmitted to third parties as described below in order to fulfil our contractual obligations in this context. Unless otherwise stated, we carry out all processing operations described in this section in order to fulfil our contract with you on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) of the GDPR.
3.2.1 Registration for Porsche ID
You can choose to register and create your Porsche ID user account either through your Leasing Finance Dealer or as part of the self-registration process.
(a) Mandatory data when registering and creating a Porsche ID user account
Both in the case of self-registration and of registration through a Leasing Finance Dealer, your e-mail address, a password, your name and name suffixes, contact and address data, mobile phone number, e-mail address and, if applicable, the language in which you want to communicate with us are processed. This personal data is required to set up and manage your Porsche ID user account for you so that you can use the full range of our services as part of the Porsche Digital Service Infrastructure. In selected countries, you can also use our offer as an interested party. In this case, you only need to provide your name, e-mail address and a password. Last but not least, we also need this and possibly other personal data in order to be able to respond to requests, questions and criticism. We also save the time of your last log-in. When you register and create your Porsche ID user account, we check your name and address data by means of a plausibility check.
If you want to use services that require vehicle ownership, you must also submit a copy of an identification document and proof of ownership and, in the event you are not the owner of the vehicle, a power of attorney from the vehicle owner after entering your vehicle identification number. These documents are forwarded to Porsche Connect Support or, in countries where the official language is not supported by Porsche Connect Support, directly to the dealer selected by you and are then checked locally using our verification criteria. As proof of successful verification, we also save the names, dates and places of birth and addresses shown in the relevant identification documents along with the validity dates of the documents, as well as the vehicle identification numbers, owner names and addresses shown in the proof of ownership. After verification is complete, the copies of the documents will be deleted. Alternatively, you can use the video identification procedure for verification via our Porsche Connect Support.
Self-registration requires uploading images from your device. You will therefore be asked to grant permission for the app to access your device's camera or photo library. The permissions can be revoked at any time by changing the respective system settings.
Processing of the aforementioned personal data takes place within the scope of a (pre-)contractual relationship on the basis of Art. 6 Paragraph 1 (b) of the GDPR.
(b) Voluntary data when registering and creating a Porsche ID user account
When registering and creating your Porsche ID user account, you also have the option of entering additional voluntary details such as additional name information (e.g. academic title, etc.), company contact details, date of birth, additional telephone numbers, credit card information (this is only stored by the payment service provider), your vehicle license plate number and a personal vehicle name. In addition, you can provide information about your interests, preferences and the contact channels you would like to use. Please note that this information is not required when registering and creating your Porsche ID user account and that you alone decide whether you want to disclose this personal data to us. If you decide to provide voluntary information, we will process it on the basis of our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 Paragraph 1 (f) of the GDPR. Our interest lies in achieving the best possible alignment of our offers with your preferences and interests, as well as in providing the most comprehensive range of functions possible for our offers.
3.2.2 Use of the Porsche ID
After registering for a Porsche ID, you have the option of using various services that require a Porsche ID, such as functions within your vehicle. For authentication within the scope of these services, you must always log in with your Porsche ID and your password. We process this data in order to be able to provide you with the services you desire. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Paragraph 1 (b) GDPR.
3.2.3 Integration of the Porsche ID into third-party offers
In some cases, we also enable cooperation partners to offer a registration and login procedure involving the Porsche ID. This means that you do not have to remember any new login data for the third-party offer. If you decide to use the registration and login procedure involving the Porsche ID as part of the third-party offer, you will be redirected to the PSM GmbH login/registration screen for the Porsche ID. Here you log in with your user name and password for the Porsche ID. We will then send a message to our cooperation partner that you have successfully registered. As part of the registration and login process, you can confirm to us that the cooperation partner may access the profile data of your Porsche ID user account. This then also applies to the payment data stored there, if applicable. This means that you do not have to re-enter or maintain your profile data and, if applicable, payment data (e.g. if your address changes) in order to create your user profile for the third-party offer. Conversely, changes to the profile data in the user account of the third-party offer are then also synchronised accordingly in your user account for the Porsche ID.
Data processing within the scope of the registration and login procedure involving the Porsche ID is carried out on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) and (f) GDPR in order to register you for the third-party offer using your user account or to identify you when you register. In addition to carrying out your desired procedure, we are interested in making the registration and application process efficient and convenient. We and our cooperation partner are jointly responsible for this.
3.3 Booking and handling of payment information
You can book individual or several My Porsche Services and Porsche Connect Services and activate service licences. When selecting the respective service or service package, you can also view the respective information on the processing of personal data within the scope of the services concerned under the offer details. In order to carry out and fulfil a booking and the associated contractual relationship, we process, in addition to the respective booking information, your personal data collected during registration and creation of your Porsche ID user account as well as data that you provide in the course of booking the service (for example your date of birth, a security question for verification in the event of theft, your vehicle's colour or your licence plate number). You can change your billing address before completing the booking process. In this case, we use the address data provided by you for invoicing and processing.
We use a payment service provider to process payments for our paid services and products within the scope of My Porsche, Porsche Connect and the online marketplace. For this purpose, we and the payment service provider used will process your credit card information and the respective payment information.  The payment service provider's systems are used to manage your credit card information and to process payments. When you enter your credit card information, it is done directly via an input field of the payment service provider which encrypts, stores and uses this information independently for your payments. The encrypted information is then transferred by Porsche / by us to the payment service provider, where it is stored and used for your payment. Our legal basis for processing your personal data in order to process the payment is the fulfilment of the contract pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1(b) GDPR.
The payment service provider commissioned will process your customer and contact information (for example name, address, email address, Porsche Connect customer number, and if applicable, company and affiliates) and the vehicle identification number shown in the proof of ownership for the sole purpose of accounts receivable management (including compliance checks, where legally required) and to carry out credit checks. The legal basis for processing the named personal data for the aforementioned purposes, in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 (c) of the GDPR, is the fulfilment of a legal obligation incumbent on us and, in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 (f) of the GDPR, our legitimate interest in appropriate accounts receivable management and credit controls, provided we are not subject to any legal obligation.
When purchasing through online shops, our payment service provider determines the fraud risk using customer data (e.g. name and identifier, sales history, etc.). The transaction data is checked and examined for abnormalities (e.g. frequency of password changes, delivery address differing from the invoicing address). The legal basis for the processing of the mentioned personal data for the aforementioned purposes is, in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) GDPR, the fulfilment of a contract, or, pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1 (f) GDPR, our legitimate interest in preventing fraud.
After completing the booking, you can activate the services. This saves the authorisation for use on the system side and updates the list of available services accordingly.
Unless stated otherwise, we carry out the processing described in this section for fulfilment of our contract with you on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) GDPR.
3.4 Proof of Identity
The laws in some countries may require an identity check based on identification documents in order to book certain telecommunications services. In relation to data processing when carrying out such identity checks, we are jointly responsible with
IDnow GmbH, Auenstr. 100, 80469 Munich, Germany.
You can view the privacy policy of our cooperation partner IDnow GmbH via the following link:
https://idnow.io/privacy/
There are two methods available for performing identity verification. One method is that, as part of the service booking procedure, you can be redirected to the external page or app of the above-mentioned service provider, who supports us in performing the person verification. As part of the process, we will, at your request, transmit the information to be verified (your name, your address and your date of birth) as well as a reference number to the service provider that will allow us to assign the test result at a later point. As part of the identity check, the service provider will compare the aforementioned data with your identification document and store the data, as well as an optoelectronic copy of the identification document, a photo of the verified person and an audio record of the session. The service provider will then inform us of the result of the identity check, using the reference number.
Your other option is to have identity verification performed at a participating Porsche Centre. This involves staff at the Porsche Centre verifying your identity on the basis of an identification document and sending the verified information (your name, address and date of birth) and a reference number to the service provider via a Porsche system. By entering this reference number, you can use the service provider's app to submit an optoelectronic copy of your identification document to the service provider at your convenience. The service provider will then inform us of the result of the check, using the reference number.
Personal data resulting from this identity check will only be shared with third parties if we are legally obliged to do so. Only in such cases will we obtain access to a copy of your identification document from the service provider, for the purpose of fulfilling our legal obligations.
The legal basis for our processing of your personal data in order to carry out an identity check is Article 6 [1] (c) and/or (f) GDPR, as the identity check is the fulfilment of a legal obligation by which we are bound, or reflects to our legitimate interest in complying with legal requirements.
3.5 Provision of Information via the website
With the help of functions such as the provision of service and warranty information as well as My Porsche messages, we provide you with the information you need in a clear form. It is necessary to register in advance and create a Porsche ID user account in order to use these functions.
In order to provide you with information about your vehicle, current warranties and recall campaigns in the 'My Porsche' section of our website, we process equipment and vehicle master data such as the vehicle identification number shown on the proof of ownership, current warranties, the model year and a model picture.
In addition, with the My Porsche Messages function, we offer you the option of calling up your messages both in the app and via the My Porsche Messages portal. This usually entails information relevant to the contract in connection with the purchase and/or use of your account, your vehicle or digital content from Porsche. For this purpose, we process the following personal data in particular: master data, contact data, contract data, dealership data and car data.
We process the above personal data on the legal basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) GDPR in order to fulfil our contract with you to provide the app and its functions as well as on the basis of the legal basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (f) GDPR in order to fulfil our justified interest in providing services in connection with your contract.
3.6 Appointments and registrations with Porsche dealers and service companies
In addition, we offer you functions on our website that you can use to arrange service appointments with Porsche dealers or service companies, or that you can use to register for a selected Porsche event. It is necessary to register in advance and create a Porsche ID user account in order to use these functions.
To request service appointments with Porsche dealers and service companies in the 'My Porsche' section of our website and app, we may provide customer and car data to companies of your choice at your request. If you wish, we will provide your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, Porsche ID, vehicle identification number shown in the proof of ownership, vehicle model, the service dates you have selected, the scope of service you desire, and a supplementary message to your request as well as the desired contact channels for the dealer chosen by you for the relevant request. Or a service company that is supposed to do the work.
The Event Booking function allows you to register for selected Porsche events in the app and via the My Porsche portal. For this purpose, we process the following personal data in particular: master data, contact data and data requested for the implementation of the event. Responsibility for the implementation of the respective event and for the further data processing required for the implementation of the event lies with the organiser named in the registration form for the respective event. One week after the event, the data requested for the organisation of the event will be deleted.
We process the above personal data on the legal basis of Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR in order to fulfil the contract with you to provide the app and its functions as well as on the legal basis of Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR in order to fulfil our legitimate interest in providing services.
3.7 Digital maintenance plan
It is necessary to register in advance and create a Porsche ID user account in order to use this function.

View past maintenance events and inspections of your vehicle in the app using the Digital Maintenance Record.

For this function, we process the following personal data in particular: master data, car data.

We process the above  personal data on the legal basis of Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR in order to fulfil our contract with you to provide the app and its functions.
3.8 Data processing in the Porsche Finder, Sell your Porsche and Porsche Shop in joint responsibility with marketplace participants
As part of the online marketplace, we offer you a central platform where you can book or purchase services and products from us, our group companies and third-party providers (hereinafter also referred to as 'participants'). The respective participant is provided with an area on our platform to present and offer their products and services (hereinafter referred to as 'shop').
Customers with a Porsche ID user account can use the marketplace sections 'Porsche Finder', 'Sell your Porsche' and 'Porsche Store'. Customers without an existing Porsche ID contract can also use the marketplace section 'Porsche Store' via the 'Guest access' feature.
Processing within the scope of the online marketplace is carried out partly by us, partly by the respective participant and partly under joint responsibility.
With regard to the following processing, we are jointly responsible with the respective participants of the online marketplace who have placed the offer on the respective page and with whom you may book services or products:
Data processing as part of the visit and the booking, application or reservation process in the respective shop of the marketplace participant, but not the downstream service processing outside the platform;
Automated data collection, data processing to improve our online service, storage of cookies and data analysis (see Point 1.1 of this Privacy Policy);
Data processing within the scope of advertising, communication and marketing features of the platform, especially cross-selling modules;
Payment processing for paid bookings, applications and reservations within the scope of the respective shop of the online marketplace;
Customer support with regard to the respective shop in the marketplace.
In relation to these data processing activities, we determine the purposes and means of processing personal data in cooperation with the respective marketplace participants.
In an agreement with the relevant marketplace participants on joint responsibility, we have defined, pursuant to Article 26 of the GDPR, the respective tasks and responsibilities in the processing of personal data and the responsible parties to fulfil data protection obligations. In particular, we have defined how an appropriate level of security and your rights as a data subject can be ensured, how we can jointly comply with information obligations under data protection law and how we can monitor potential data protection incidents. This also includes ensuring that we can fulfil our reporting and notification obligations.
PSM GmbH remains at your disposal as your central point of contact with regard to the aforementioned processing in joint responsibility. You can assert your rights in relation to processing operations under joint responsibility but also vis-à-vis a jointly responsible marketplace participant. Insofar as you contact us in relation to these processing operations, we will consult with the relevant marketplace participant in accordance with the aforementioned agreement under Article 26 of the GDPR in order to answer your enquiry and to guarantee your data subject rights. In this case, the statements in Section 13 of the General Privacy Policy apply.
This joint responsibility does not affect, in particular, the processing operations mentioned in the previous chapters of this data privacy policy, including those for master data administration (Porsche ID) and data processing on the platform, which are carried out under the sole responsibility of Porsche Sales & Marketplace GmbH. In particular, the service processing of the purchase, booking, application or reservation contract as well as invoicing does not take place under joint responsibility, but under the sole responsibility of the relevant marketplace provider.
3.9 Customer and prospect management
3.9.1	Contact via contact forms
You can use various communication channels to contact us, in particular the service hotline if you wish to contact us by telephone, but also e-mail or live chat. If you contact our contact centre, we process personal data to the extent necessary to provide the contact centre service and to process your request. We may ask you to provide personal data that is necessary for the preparation and implementation of the contact to process your respective request. Without this data, we will not be able to process your request or fulfil your request. The purposes of processing arise specifically from your request and the services you have booked. These encompass, in particular, the processing of requests from interested parties, customers and dealers in relation to products and services from Porsche Sales & Marketplace GmbH. This includes, for example,
Technical support services
Assistance when purchasing services or products
Answering general questions about sales & marketplace
Technical support for customers and dealers, in particular through the provision of a service hotline for telephone contact.
Data is processed on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) GDPR for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with you and implementing pre-contractual measures.
We also process your personal data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. Obligations may arise, for example, from commercial, tax, telecommunications, money laundering, financial or criminal law. The purposes of processing arise from the respective statutory obligation; the processing generally serves the purpose of complying with state obligations with regard to monitoring and duty of disclosure.
Data is processed on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (c) or (e) GDPR. If we collect data on the basis of a legal obligation or in the public interest, you need to provide the personal data that is required to comply with the legal obligation. Without this, we might not be able to process your request or fulfil these obligations.
If you use support services in a Porsche Centre, your dealer can also retrieve this data. To facilitate this service, we also transmit the aforementioned data to the relevant dealer. In this case, we will process your personal data in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 (f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in facilitating customer service at your preferred point of contact or through your preferred dealer.
3.9.2	Live Chat
In certain areas of the online offer, we offer a live chat for getting in contact and advice. Through the live chat, you can communicate with one of our consultants via text messages. If you call up and use the live chat, your browser automatically transmits the following data for technical reasons at the beginning of use, which we store separately from other data that you may transmit to us: date and time of access, duration of the visit our online offer, type of web browser including version, operating system used, amount of data sent, type of event, IP address (abbreviated/alienated). If you provide us with additional personal data via live chat, this is carried out on a voluntary basis.
No prior registration and creation of a Porsche ID user account is required to use this feature.
In certain areas of our website, we offer a live chat for getting in contact and advice. Through the live chat, you can communicate with one of our consultants via text messages. When you call up and use the live chat, your browser automatically transmits the following data at the beginning of use for technical reasons, which is stored by us separately from other data that you may transmit to us:
Date and time of access,
Duration of website visit,
Type of web browser including version,
Operating system used,
Amount of data transmitted,
Type of event,
IP address.
We process this data on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) and (f) of the GDPR for the purpose of providing the function, safeguarding its technical operation and identifying and clearing up malfunctions. In doing so, we also pursue the aim of permanently ensuring the technical functionality of the function, improving performance and optimising the user experience. When you call up the function, this data will be processed automatically. Without the provision of data, you will not be able to use the function. We do not use this data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about your person or your identity.
 
If you provide us with additional personal data via live chat, this is carried out on a voluntary basis. If personal data is required to clarify your request, we will point this out to you and ask you for it. The texts you enter into the input form during the live chat are stored on our behalf on the server of an external service provider. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6 [1] (b) of the GDPR.
3.9.3	Customer and prospect management
In the following, we would like to provide you with further information on data protection in the context of the implementation of customer and prospect management at Porsche. The purpose of the measures is to safeguard customer and prospect-oriented management.
Joint customer and prospect management at Porsche
The measures mentioned in this section within the scope of customer and prospect management (in particular service and support, implementation of legal requirements, needs analyses, individual support via the desired communication channels) are not, in principle, carried out by the person responsible alone. In addition to PSM GmbH, the parties involved in customer and prospect management under the Porsche brand include Dr. Ing. hc F. Porsche AG as manufacturer, the responsible Porsche centres, the responsible importer – in particular Porsche Deutschland GmbH – and other companies affiliated with Porsche in the areas of financial and mobility services, digital services and lifestyle products.
By using a central platform, we avoid situations in which information about your products, contact details and interests is not available to your contact person at Porsche, which would result in you being referred to another company involved. This also applies if the operating company of your respective Porsche Centre changes. By exchanging and comparing data, we ensure that you receive optimal support and advice. Of course, only the companies involved have access to your data, which they also need for operational purposes. Data is processed on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (f) GDPR.
In certain cases, joint customer and prospect management can lead to joint responsibility. In an agreement pursuant to Article 26 of the GDPR, the participating companies have therefore defined the respective tasks and responsibilities in the processing of personal data and the parties responsible for fulfilling data protection obligations. In particular, stipulations have been made as to how an appropriate level of security can be achieved and how your data subject rights and data protection information obligations can be guaranteed. Alongside the other companies involved, Porsche Sales & Marketplace GmbH is available to you as a central point of contact.
Individual customer and prospect management
Insofar as you have given voluntary consent to the individual customer and prospect management, your data – contact data, support and contract data (e.g. on purchase, leasing or financing), service information and data on interests, vehicles and the services and products that you use from the companies participating in the joint customer and prospect management – is used to send you personally tailored information and offers about vehicles, services and other products from Porsche, invitations to events and surveys on satisfaction and expectations via the desired communication channels and to create an individual customer profile.
The specific data used for this purpose depends on what data was collected on the basis of assignments, orders and consultations or made available by you (e.g. in the consultation at the Porsche Centre or as part of your activities under your Porsche ID at My Porsche). The data can also come from assignments or orders that are processed in collaboration with cooperation partners (e.g. insurance companies) and from whom we may then receive the information. If appropriate approvals have been granted, other data sources may also be included. This can be data from the vehicle (e.g. on your driving behaviour) or on the use of digital media (e.g. on website use). You will receive further information on the merging of the data with the corresponding release.
To offer you an inspiring brand and support experience with Porsche and to make our communication and interaction with you as personal and as relevant as possible, the data mentioned is used for needs analyses and customer segmentation. On this basis, it is possible to determine affinities, preferences and potentials within the scope of the individual customer and prospect management by the participating companies. Key figures regarding your probable product interests and your level of satisfaction are examples of such measures to individualise support. The corresponding information and analysis results are stored in your customer profile and are then available for designing the customer and prospect management. The personal evaluation and assignment in a customer profile only takes place if you have given your voluntary consent to the individual customer and prospect management. We do not offer individual customer and prospect management without these optimisation and personalisation measures.
If you do not give your consent, we only use the data mentioned in the context of customer and prospect management to carry out general evaluations on the basis of aggregated data from customers and prospects, with the aim of optimising our offers and systems and aligning them with overarching interests. Please note that your data may also be evaluated outside the scope of customer and prospect management; this is then based on your specific consent or another legal basis.
When we send e-mails within the context of the individual customer and prospect management, we may use commercially available technologies such as tracking pixels or click-through links. This allows us to analyse which or how many e-mails are delivered and/or rejected and/or opened. The latter is carried out in particular by tracking pixels. If you have deactivated the display of images in your e-mail program, it is not possible to measure the opening rate of our e-mails in full using tracking pixels. In this case, the e-mail will not be displayed completely. It is nevertheless still possible for us to determine whether an e-mail has been opened if you click on the text or graphic link in the e-mail. Using click-through links, we can analyse which links have been clicked in our e-mails and determine the interest in certain topics. If you click on the corresponding link, you will be guided through our separate analysis server before accessing the target page. Based on the analysis results, we can make e-mails more relevant within the scope of the individual customer and prospect management, send them in a more targeted manner or prevent e-mails from being sent. We only send e-mails to you and evaluate their use if you have given your voluntary consent to the individual customer and prospect management. We do not offer individual customer and prospect management without the described evaluation for optimisation.
3.10 Product improvement
In connection with the use of services, in the event of error messages or as part of defined data evaluation measures, certain vehicle, service and product data from the vehicle, from services or from other Porsche products may be transferred by Porsche Sales & Marketplace GmbH to Porsche AG in order to be available there for evaluation of the aforementioned purposes.
You can consent to this on the 'My Porsche' website.
The vehicle, service and product data comprise identification, basic, usage, analysis, environmental, traffic, location and movement data.
Some data cannot be deleted retroactively, as they are stored without specific vehicle identification. In this case the data will be deleted after 5 years at the latest.
3.11 Newsletter
We send newsletters to people who have registered, i.e. with your consent. Insofar as the contents of the newsletter are specifically described when registering, these are decisive for the scope of the consent. In addition, our newsletters contain information about our products, offers, promotions and our company. The party responsible for processing your data is the respective company named in the registration process. Registration takes place by means of the so-called double opt-in procedure, i.e. after your registration you will receive an e-mail in which you will be asked to confirm your registration in order to prevent the misuse of your e-mail address. Registering for the newsletter is recorded by us to be able to prove the registration process and the consent in accordance with the legal requirements. The recording of the registration and the necessary processing of the data entered by you during the registration is carried out accordingly on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1 (f) GDPR. You may revoke your consent to receive our newsletter at any time, e.g. by unsubscribing from the newsletter. An unsubscribe link can be found at the end of every newsletter, allowing you to exercise your right.
4.	Change of purpose
Where we process your personal data for a purpose other than that for which it was collected, beyond appropriate consent or a compelling legal basis, we will take into account, in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 4 of the GDPR, the compatibility of the original purpose and the purpose now pursued, the nature of the personal data, the possible consequences for you of further processing and the guarantee of the protection of the personal data.
5.	Access authorisations in the end device
Some functions of our online offer require you to grant access to your end device (e.g. access to location data). Granting permissions is voluntary. However, if you wish to use the corresponding functions, you must grant the corresponding authorisations, otherwise you will not be able to use these functions. Permissions remain active unless you revoke them in your device by deactivating the relevant setting.
6.	Cookies and comparable technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies within the scope of the website, which serve to communicate with your terminal device and to exchange stored information (hereinafter collectively 'cookies'). These cookies are primarily used to make the functions of the website usable. General examples in which the use of cookies is technically necessary in this sense are the storage of a language selection, login data or a shopping or watch list. Accordingly, technically necessary cookies may be used by us to enable the processing operations described above and to ensure the proper and secure operation of the website. Data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6, Paragraph 1 (b) and (f) of the GDPR, as this is necessary in order to implement the functions that you select and in order to safeguard our legitimate interest in the functionality of our website.
If we also use cookies to analyse the use of the website and to target it to your interests and, if applicable, to provide you with interest-based content and advertisements, this will only be done on the basis of your voluntary consent in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 (a) GDPR. You then have the option of making your corresponding settings via the consent management at
https://connect-store.porsche.com/gb/en/cookiepolicy
. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. Further information on the cookies and their function in detail, as well as on setting and revocation options, is available directly in the corresponding areas of the consent management. Please note that we only provide consent management as part of the website if consent-based cookies are to be used in addition to the technically required cookies mentioned above.
If you do not wish to use cookies in general, you can also prevent any storage by means of the relevant settings on your device. Stored cookies can be erased at any time using the system settings of your device. Please note that blocking certain types of cookie may result in impaired use of our website.
We also use other technologies that, like cookies, serve to ensure the secure and user-friendly usability of the website (e.g. by protecting against misuse or evaluating usage). Technically, these other technologies differ from cookies, as they do not store any information on your end device or access information already stored there. Insofar as data falling under the data protection law (e.g. IP addresses) is processed using these additional technologies, we process this data on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) and (f) of the GDPR for the purpose of providing the website, safeguarding its technical operation and identifying and resolving malfunctions. In doing so, we also pursue the aim of permanently ensuring the technical functionality of the website, improving performance and optimising the user experience. This data is processed automatically when you access our website. Without the provision of data, you cannot use our website. We do not use this data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about your person or your identity.
7.	Integrated third-party services
Insofar as we integrate services of other providers within the scope of our online offer in order to provide you with certain content or functions (e.g. playing videos or route planning) and we process personal data in the process, this is done on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 (b) and (f) GDPR. This is because the data processing is then necessary to implement the functions you have selected or to safeguard our legitimate interest in providing an optimum range of functions in the online offer. Insofar as cookies may be used within the scope of these third-party services, the explanations under section 5 apply. Please also consult the privacy policy of the respective provider with regard to the third-party services.
Services of other providers that we include or to which we refer are provided by the respective third parties. Third-party services generally also include services offered by other group companies of Porsche AG and by Porsche Centres. As a matter of principle, we have no influence over the content and function of third-party services and are not responsible for the processing of your personal data by their providers, unless the third-party services are designed entirely on our behalf and then integrated by us under our own responsibility. Insofar as integrating a third-party service leads to our establishing joint processes with the service provider, we establish an agreement with this provider on joint responsibility pursuant to Article 26 of the GDPR, defining the respective tasks and responsibilities in the processing of personal data and the parties responsible for fulfilling data protection obligations. Insofar as cookies are also to be set on the basis of your consent, you will receive further information on the responsibility for setting these cookies or any associated third-party services in the corresponding areas of the consent management.
Unless otherwise stated, profiles on social media are only integrated into our online offer as links to the corresponding third-party services. After clicking on the embedded text/image link, you will be redirected to the service of the respective social media provider. After being redirected, personal data may be collected directly by the third-party provider.  If you are logged into your user account of the respective social media provider during this time, the provider may be able to assign the collected information of the specific visit to your personal user account. If you interact via a 'Share' button of the respective social media provider, this information may be stored in the personal user account and possibly published. To prevent the collected information from being directly assigned to your user account, you must log out before clicking on the embedded text/image link.
8.	Sources and data categories in the collection of data by third parties
We also process personal data that we receive from third parties or from publicly available sources. Below is an overview of the relevant sources and the categories of data obtained from these sources.
Group companies, Porsche sales companies, Porsche centres and service companies: information about your products, services and interests
Cooperation partners and service providers: for example, creditworthiness data from credit agencies.
9.	Data recipient
Within our company, the only people who have access to your personal data are those who need it for the purposes indicated above. We only pass on your personal data to external recipients if a legal licence exists or if we have your consent. Below you will find an overview of the corresponding recipients:
Porsche AG and PSM GmbH are part of the Porsche group of companies. Within the scope of our business, we have outsourced certain processing operations within the group of companies. In certain circumstances, data may therefore be transferred within our group of companies, for example in the context of customer relationships, for analysis and market research purposes or in the area of marketing. This is always done on the basis of an order processing relationship or within the scope of joint responsibility.
This also applies to the exchange of data with the Porsche Centres, insofar as this is necessary for maintaining active customer relationships as part of customer and prospect management or for processing support cases.
We transmit data from our customer relationship to the following recipients in particular:
Processors: Porsche AG and its group companies or external service providers, for example in the areas of technical infrastructure and maintenance, who are carefully selected and checked. The processors may only use the data in accordance with our instructions.
Public bodies: authorities and public institutions, such as public prosecutors, courts or tax authorities to which we (must) transfer personal data, e.g. to fulfil legal requirements or to safeguard legitimate interests.
Private entities: Porsche AG and its group companies, Porsche sales companies, dealerships and service companies, cooperation partners, service providers (not bound by instructions) or authorised persons such as Porsche Centres and Porsche Service Centres, financing banks, credit agencies or transport service providers.
10.	Transfer to a third country
If data is transferred to bodies whose headquarters or place of data processing is not located in a member state of the European Union, another country outside of the European Union that is a signatory to the Agreement on the European Economic Area or a state for which an appropriate level of data protection has been determined through a decision of the European Commission, we will ensure, before disclosure, that the data transfer is either covered by a legal authorisation, that there are guarantees for an adequate level of data protection with regard to the data transfer (e.g. through the agreement of contractual warranties, officially recognised regulations or binding internal data protection regulations applied by the recipient) or that you have given your consent to the data transfer.
Insofar as data is transferred on the basis of Articles 46, 47 or 49, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2 GDPR, you can obtain from us a copy of the guarantees for the existence of an adequate level of data protection with regard to the data transfer or information on the availability of a copy of the guarantees. For this purpose, please use the information in Section 1.
11.	Storage duration & deletion
The following shall apply if the description of the individual services does not include information about the specific duration of storage or the deletion of the personal data:
We store your personal data, if a legal permission exists for this, only as long as necessary to achieve the purposes pursued or as long as you have not revoked your consent. In the event that you object to the processing, we will delete your personal data unless further processing is permitted by the legal provisions. We will also delete your personal data if we are obligated to do so for other legal reasons. Pursuant to these general principles, we will usually delete your personal information immediately
after the legal basis ceases to exist and unless another legal basis (e.g. commercial and tax retention periods) applies. If the latter is the case, we will delete the data once the other legal basis ceases to apply;
if your personal data is no longer required for our purposes, and if no other legal basis (for example, commercial and tax retention periods) is applicable. If the latter is the case, we will delete the data once the other legal basis ceases to apply.
12.	Rights of the data subject
Right of access: you have the right to receive information about your personal data stored by us.
Permission and deletion right: you may request us to correct incorrect data and – insofar as the legal requirements are fulfilled – to delete your data.
Limitation of processing: you may require us to restrict the processing of your data, provided that the legal requirements are met.
Data transferability: if you have provided us with data based on a contract or consent, you may, if the statutory requirements are met, obtain from us the data provided by you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or require us to transmit it to another responsible party.
Right to object: you have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to our processing of your data, provided this objection is based on the safeguarding of 'legitimate interests.' If you make use of your right to object, we will stop processing your data, unless we can prove compelling legitimate reasons for further processing that outweigh your rights and interests.
Objection to direct marketing: if we process your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object to our processing of your data for this purpose at any time. If you exercise your right to object, we will stop processing for this purpose.
Withdrawal of consent: if you have given us consent to the processing of your personal data, you can revoke this at any time with effect for the future. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing before its withdrawal.
Right of appeal to the supervisory authority: you can also lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your data violates applicable law. You can contact the supervisory authority responsible for your place of residence or country or the supervisory authority responsible for us.
Your contact with us and exercising your rights: furthermore, you can contact us free of charge with questions about the processing of your personal data and about your rights as a data subject. Please contact us by e-mail at
dataprotection.salesandmarketplace@porsche.de
, via the website at
http://www.porsche.com/international/privacy/contact/
or by post at the address provided in Section 1 above. When doing so, please make sure that we can clearly identify you. If you wish to withdraw your consent, you can alternatively use the method of contact that you used when you gave your consent.
Date: 01/01/2025
Download as PDF
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.porsche.com/privacy-contact/:
Ihre Anfrage zum Datenschutz
For an English version, please click
here
.
Mit folgendem Formular haben Sie die Möglichkeit Ihre Rechte nach der Datenschutzgrundverordnung geltend zu machen:
• Auskunft über die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
• Übertragung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an einen anderen Datenverarbeiter
• Antrag auf Berichtigung oder Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
• Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
• Einlegen von Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
• Widerruf einer Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
Darüber hinaus haben Sie die Möglichkeit mit dem einschlägigen Datenschutzbeauftragten in Kontakt zu treten.
Ihre Anfrage können Sie unten den folgenden Rollen zuordnen:
•
Beschäftigte der eigenen Gesellschaft
(Bewerber, Vorstände und Aufsichtsräte, aktive Mitarbeiter-Management, Mitarbeiter-Tarif, Zeitarbeitnehmer, Auszubildende / Dual Studierende, Praktikanten, Werkstudenten (inkl. Schüler), Abschlussarbeiter (Bachelorand/Masterand/PhD), ehemalige Mitarbeiter)
•
Beschäftigte von Konzerngesellschaften
(Bewerber, Vorstände und Aufsichtsräte, Aktive MA-Management, MA-Tarif, Zeitarbeitnehmer, Auszubildende / Dual Studierende, Praktikanten, Werkstudenten (inkl. Schüler), Abschlussarbeiter (Bachelorand/Masterand/PhD), ehemalige Mitarbeiter))
•
Kunden
(u.a. angehende Kunden, Privatkunden, Geschäftspartner)
•
Kunden von Vertriebspartnern
(u.a. Kunden von Vertriebs- uns Servicepartnern, Kunden von Händlern (z.B.
Porsche
zentren, Kunden von Banken und Versicherungen)
•
Geschäftspartner
(u.a. Lieferanten / Dienstleister, Vertriebspartner (z.B. Importeure), Servicepartner (Vertragswerkstätten), Sponsoring Partner, Freelancer mit/ohne B2B, Journalisten mit B2B, Beauftragte Journalisten ohne B2B, Vermittler, Erfinder, Wissenschaftler, Probanden, Musiker, Social Media Darsteller & Influencer)
•
Mitarbeiter von Geschäftspartnern
(Mitarbeiter von Kunden der Vertriebspartner, Mitarbeiter von Geschäftskunden, Mitarbeiter von sonstigen Geschäftspartnern, Partnerfirmen Mitarbeiter mit B2B)
•
Außenstehende mit besonderen Rechts- oder Schuldverhältnissen
(Gesellschafter, Investoren, Beteiligte eines Rechtsstreits, Vertreter von (Aufsichts-)behörden)
•
Außenstehende Sonstige
(Spendenempfänger, Dienstenutzer, Besucher/Gäste, Vertreter von Organisationen, Gewinnspielteilnehmer, Nicht beauftragte Journalisten/Influencer, Angehörige von Beschäftigten, mittelbar Betroffenen/Insassen, Personen im Umfeld, Newsletterabonnenten, Stipendiaten, Handelsvertreter, Fans)
Die jeweilige Konzerngesellschaft verarbeitet Ihre mit diesem Formular übermittelten personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich zur Bearbeitung Ihrer Anfrage. Weitere Informationen zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten entnehmen Sie bitte den Datenschutzerklärungen der jeweiligen Konzerngesellschaft.
Bitte füllen Sie das Formular vollständig aus, damit Ihr Anliegen schnellstmöglich bearbeitet werden kann.
Die mit * gekennzeichneten Felder sind Pflichtfelder.
HIDDEN
Anfrageinformationen
Anfrage an *
Bitte definieren Sie, an wen Ihre Anfrage gerichtet ist.
Bitte definieren Sie, an wen Ihre Anfrage gerichtet ist.
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG
Porsche Deutschland GmbH
Porsche Lifestyle GmbH & Co. KG
Porsche Sales & Marketplace GmbH
Porsche Financial Services GmbH
Porsche Financial Services GmbH & Co. KG
Porsche Logistik GmbH
Porsche Niederlassung Stuttgart GmbH
Porsche Niederlassung Hamburg GmbH
Porsche Niederlassung Berlin GmbH
Porsche Niederlassung Berlin-Potsdam GmbH
Ich möchte *
einen Antrag auf Auskunft über meine personenbezogenen Daten stellen.
meine personenbezogenen Daten an einen anderen Verantwortlichen übertragen.
meine personenbezogenen Daten berichtigen.
die Löschung meiner personenbezogenen Daten beantragen.
eine Einschränkung der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten verlangen.
einer Verarbeitung meiner personenbezogener Daten widersprechen.
Newsletter und Mailings abmelden (alle bzw. nur die im Freitextfeld genannten).
bestimmte Einwilligungen widerrufen (siehe Angaben im Freitextfeld).
alle Einwilligung widerrufen.
den Datenschutzbeauftragten kontaktieren.
(Optional) Bitte konkretisieren Sie Ihre Anfrage, um eine zügige Bearbeitung sicherzustellen (z.B. Details zur Marketingmaßnahme, auf die sich der konkrete Widerruf der Einwilligung bezieht oder z.B. Konkretisierung der Daten, die gelöscht werden sollen).
Betroffenenkategorie
Ich möchte, dass mein Begehren für folgende Rolle(n) umgesetzt wird:
Beschäftigte der eigenen Gesellschaft
Beschäftigte von Konzerngesellschaften
Kunden
Kunden von Vertriebspartnern
Geschäftspartner
Mitarbeiter von Geschäftspartnern
Außenstehende mit besonderen Rechts- oder Schuldverhältnissen
Außenstehende Sonstige
(Optional)
Nutzen Sie bitte das optionale Freitextfeld , um die aus Ihrer Sicht einschlägige(n) Betroffenenkategorie(n) zu konkretisieren (Details und Erläuterungen zu den Kategorien finden Sie oben).
Sollten Sie sich in keiner der genannten Kategorien wiederfinden, wenden Sie sich bitte an
Betroffenenrechte@porsche.de
.
Persönliche Informationen
Anrede
- Bitte wählen -
- Bitte wählen -
Frau
Herr
Titel
- Bitte wählen -
- Bitte wählen -
Dr.
Prof.
Prof. Dr.
Vorname *
Nachname *
Geburtsdatum (DD/MM/YYYY)
Geburtsort
Kontaktinformationen
E-Mail *
Straße
Nr.
PLZ
Ort
Weitere Angaben
Porsche
ID (sofern vorhanden)
FIN (sofern vorhanden)
P-Nummer (sofern vorhanden)
Bitte geben Sie Ihre Personalnummer (sofern vorhanden) in folgender Form an: P-123456
X-Nummer (sofern vorhanden)
Bitte geben Sie Ihre X-Nummer (sofern vorhanden) in folgender Form an: X-123456
VW-User-ID (sofern vorhanden)
VW-Einkäuferkurzkennzeichen (sofern vorhanden)
DUNS-Nummer (sofern vorhanden)
B2B Profil-ID (sofern vorhanden)
Anfrage absenden
Sub-policy 1
https://idnow.io/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of idnow.io
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Owner and Data Controller
Data controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
IDnow GmbH
Auenstrasse 100
80469 Munich
Germany
email:
info@idnow.de
Represented by:
Andreas Bodczek (CEO), Armin Bauer (Co-Founder & CTO)
D
ata Protection Officer
:
Dr. Sebastian Kraska
IITR Datenschutz GmbH
In case of questions about this privacy policy, please contact our support by e-mail or use our contact
form
.
General data processing information
Types of Data collected
The Owner collects and uses personal data of Users only to the extent necessary to provide a functional website, content and services. Unless otherwise stated here in this policy or by the data collection, the processing of personal data of Users takes place only after prior consent of the User (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application may process by itself or through third parties, there are: first name; last name; phone number; email address; Tracker; Usage Data; Data communicated while using the service.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application and provided that any necessary consent has been given if necessary.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service. Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
This Application uses also so-called cookies, small text files that are stored on the device with which a User access the Application. There are different types of cookies – necessary (essential) cookies as well as functional, analytical or marketing cookies.
For further Information please see section “Detailed information on the processing of personal data” or in the data collection.
A detailed overview of the cookies and other tools and service providers we use, their purposes and storage periods, and additional information can be found in our Consent Manager which you can also access by clicking on “Cookie settings”. Users can also determine for themselves via their browser settings whether they wish to allow cookies. However, deactivating cookies may result in limited or completely disabled functionality of the website.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR);
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject (Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR);
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner (Art. 6 (1) (e) GDPR);
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Unless otherwise specified here in this statement in the section “Detailed information on the processing of personal data” or by the data collection, the processing of personal data of Users is based solely on the consent of the User – Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Contacting the User, Analytics, Managing contacts and sending messages, Advertising, Interaction with live chat platforms, Connecting Data, User database management, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Tag Management, Platform services and hosting and Content performance and features testing (A/B testing).
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Cookies
This Application uses different types of cookies: necessary (essential) cookies as well as functional, analytical or marketing cookies.
The legal basis for the use of necessary cookies is Art. 6 (1) (s) GDPR – a legitimate interest, which is to provide a functioning website. The legal basis for all other cookies is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR – User´s consent, which can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
A detailed overview of the cookies and other tools and service providers we use, their purposes and storage periods, and additional information can be found in our Consent Manager which you can also access by clicking on “Cookie settings”. Users can also determine for themselves via their browser settings whether they wish to allow cookies. However, deactivating cookies may result in limited or completely disabled functionality of the website.
CookieHub ehf
CookieHub is a service for Cookie Consent Management and cookie consent solution.
CookieHub cookie is used to store information about whether visitors have given or declined the use of cookie categories used on the site; it´s an essential cookie.
CookieHub does not store or process any personal information.
Here
Users may find further information, what is stored in the cookiehub cookie –
Privacy Policy
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. The processing of personal data of the User by the Owner only takes place after prior User’s consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Google Analytics (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Matomo Analytics (On-Premise hosting)
Matomo is a GDPR-friendly web analysis service used on-premise. Matomo utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other company’s stakeholders.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Germany.
LinkedIn Conversion-Tracking (LinkedIn Insight Tag) (LinkedIn Corporation)
LinkedIn conversion tracking (LinkedIn Insight Tag) is an analytics and behavioral targeting service provided by LinkedIn Corporation that connects data from the LinkedIn advertising network with actions performed on this Application. The LinkedIn Insight Tag tracks conversions that can be attributed to LinkedIn ads and enables to target groups of Users on the base of their past use of this Application.
Users may opt out of behavioral targeting features through their device settings, their LinkedIn account settings.
Personal Data processed: device information; Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Contacting the User (contact forms)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes IDnow and its affiliates to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR, insofar as the message is related to an existing or upcoming contract with the User. If this is not the case, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, as the processing is necessary to fulfil our legitimate interest in the proper processing of contact requests.
AutoIdent Testing
We offer an opportunity to try out our services and run through an identification as it would look to your users. The data collected and processed during such a test run is processed exclusively for the identification run and then automatically deleted, regardless of whether the test run was completed or not.
The legal basis for the collection and processing of the user’s personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR – consent of the user.
The data collected and processed in the test run are hosted exclusively in the EU and are not used for any other purposes; the data is also not transferred to third parties.
Interaction with live chat platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party live chat platforms directly from the pages of this Application, in order to contact and be contacted by this Application‘s support service.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be logged.
The processing of personal data of the User only takes place after prior User’s consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Hubspot Chatfow (Hubspot, Inc.)
The Hubspot chatflow is a service for interacting with the Hubspot chatbot provided by Hubspot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service; Tracker; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: Germany –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing contacts and sending messages (newsletter)
When registering for a newsletter, Users provide the Owner with their email address and, on an optional basis, other information. The Owner uses these data solely for the purpose of sending the newsletter. The Owner retains the data disclosed by the User in the newsletter application until the User cancels the subscription to the newsletter. A User can unsubscribe at any time via the link in the newsletter intended for this purpose, or by sending an appropriate notification to the Owner. By unsubscribing, the User revokes the use of his/her email address.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data of the User is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR – consent of the User.
The Owner uses the following services to makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User. These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Hubspot (Hubspot, Inc.)
Hubspot Email Marketing is an email address management and message sending service provided by Hubspot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Place of processing: Germany –
Privacy Policy
.
Marketing
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and optimize web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. The processing of personal data of the User by the Owner only takes place after prior User’s consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
6Sense (6Sense Insights, Inc.)
6Sense is a web analysis service provided by 6Sense Insights, Inc. (“6Sense”). 6Sense is an Account Based Marketing platform that uses a predictive model to identify the right customers at the ideal time. It utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, and design personalized approach.
6Sense may use the Data collected on its own network.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
ClearBit (API Hub, Inc.)
Clearbit Reveal is a web analysis service provided by API Hub, Inc. (“Clearbit”). Clearbit utilizes the IP address collected to perform a reverse IP and then determines the companies of our visitors.
Clearbit may use the Data collected on its own network.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build User profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to this Application, as well as to track User activities through analytics features.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data of the User is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR – consent of the User.
Salesforce Sales Cloud (Salesforce.com, inc.)
Salesforce Sales Cloud is a User database management service provided by salesforce.com, inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Remarketing and Behavioural-Targeting
This type of service allows this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User.
This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
Users may check, change and manage their preferences and settings at any time with the Consent Manager. They may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data of the User is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR – consent of the User.
Google Ads Remarketing (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Ireland Limited that connects the activity of this Application with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie.
Users can opt out of Google’s use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting Google’s
Ads Settings
.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Application in a centralized fashion. This results in the Users’ Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data. The processing of personal data of the User only takes place after prior User’s consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Google Tag Manager (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
The processing of personal data of the User only takes place after prior User’s consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
Users may check, change and manage their preferences and settings at any time with the Consent Manager. They may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Google Ad Manager (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Ad Manager is an advertising service provided by Google Ireland Limited that allows the Owner to run advertising campaigns in conjunction with external advertising networks that the Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with. In order to opt out from being tracked by various advertising networks, Users may make use of
Youronlinechoices
. In order to understand Google’s use of data, consult
Google’s partner policy
.
This service uses the “DoubleClick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Application and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.
Users may decide to disable all the DoubleClick Cookies by going to:
Google Ad Settings
.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
LinkedIn Ads (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company)
LinkedIn Ads is an advertising service provided by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Bing Ads (Microsoft Advertising Network)
Bing Ads is an advertising service provided by Microsoft Advertising Network.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Connecting Data
This type of service allows the Owner to connect Data with third-party services disclosed within this privacy policy. This results in Data flowing through these services, potentially causing the retention of this Data.
The processing of personal data of the User only takes place after prior User’s consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Zapier (Zapier, Inc.)
Zapier is a workflow automation service provided by Zapier, Inc. that automates the movement of Data between (third-party) services.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Platform Services and Hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
WordPress.com (Automattic Inc.)
WordPress.com is a platform provided by Automattic Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host this Application.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
The processing of personal data of the User only takes place after prior User’s consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User’s consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
Further information and contacts
Users may invoke their rights to correction or deletion, to restrict processing, to object to processing and to data portability at any time.
Here
Users will find the option to contact the Owner by email or letter or they can contact our
Support
. Users also have the right to contact the data protection supervisory authority for complaints.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User’s browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology – e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting – that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: December 12, 2023
Opt-out code for Matomo Analytics
You may choose to prevent this website from aggregating and analyzing the actions you take here. Doing so will protect your privacy, but will also prevent the owner from learning from your actions and creating a better experience for you and other users.
You are not opted out. Uncheck this box to opt-out.
Questions ?
Let's talk
Play
About cookies on this site
We use cookies to collect and analyse information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customise content and advertisements.
Learn more
Allow all cookies
Cookie settings
❮
❯
Categories
Cookie declaration
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Allow all cookies
Deny all

Necessary cookies
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
CookieHub
CookieHub is a Consent Management Platform (CMP) which allows users to control storage and processing of personal information.
Privacy Policy
cookiehub
Cloudflare
Cloudflare is a global network designed to make everything you connect to the Internet secure, private, fast, and reliable.
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm

Preferences
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Chatflows
messagesUtk

Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Privacy Policy
utm_source
utm_medium
test_cookie
Vimeo
Vimeo, Inc. is an American video hosting, sharing, services provider, and broadcaster. Vimeo focuses on the delivery of high-definition video across a range of devices.
vuid
HubSpot
HubSpot is a CRM platform that provides tools for marketing, sales, and customer service.
Privacy Policy
__hstc
hubspotutk
__hssrc
__hssc
Matomo
Matomo is an open-source web analytics platform that provides detailed reports on website traffic, marketing campaigns, and user engagement.
_pk_id.*

Marketing cookies
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Google Ads
Google Ads is an advertising service by Google for businesses that want to display ads on Google search results and its advertising network.
Privacy Policy
_gcl_au
IDE
_gcl_gs
test_cookie
YouTube
YouTube is a free video sharing website that makes it easy to watch online videos.
Privacy Policy
YSC
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
LinkedIn Insight
The LinkedIn Insight tag powers conversion tracking, website audiences, and website demographics within the LinkedIn system.
Privacy Policy
bcookie
lidc
li_gc
AnalyticsSyncHistory
UserMatchHistory
bscookie
Microsoft Ads
Microsoft Advertising (formerly Bing Ads) is a service that provides pay per click advertising on the Bing, Yahoo!, and DuckDuckGo search engines.
Privacy Policy
_uetsid
_uetvid
MUID
MSPTC
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
Necessary cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
pll_language
www.idnow.io
365 days
This cookie is used to remember the language selected by the user when he comes back to visit again the website by Polylang
cookiehub
.idnow.io
CookieHub
365 days
Used by CookieHub to store information about whether visitors have given or declined the use of cookie categories used on the site.
__hssc
.idnow.io
HubSpot
1 hour
This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. This cookie keeps track of sessions. This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp.
__cf_bm
.hubspot.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
_gd_visitor
www.idnow.io
400 days
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
_cfuvid
.hubspot.com
Session
Used by Cloudflare WAF to distinguish individual users who share the same IP address and apply rate limits
__cf_bm
.files.idnow.io
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
_cfuvid
.hsforms.com
Session
Used by Cloudflare WAF to distinguish individual users who share the same IP address and apply rate limits
__cf_bm
.hsforms.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cf_bm
.hsforms.net
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
_cfuvid
.vimeo.com
Session
Used by Cloudflare WAF to distinguish individual users who share the same IP address and apply rate limits
__cf_bm
.vimeo.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
_cfuvid
.files.idnow.io
Session
Used by Cloudflare WAF to distinguish individual users who share the same IP address and apply rate limits
__cf_bm
.hs-scripts.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cf_bm
.hsadspixel.net
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cf_bm
.usemessages.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cf_bm
.hs-analytics.net
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cf_bm
.hs-banner.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cf_bm
.hsappstatic.net
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cf_bm
.hs-sites-eu1.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cf_bm
.hubspot.net
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Preferences
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
li_gc
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
180 days
Used by LinkedIn to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes
messagesUtk
.idnow.io
Hubspot
180 days
This cookie is used to recognize visitors who chat with you via the chatflows tool. If the visitor leaves your site before they're added as a contact, they will have this cookie associated with their browser.
vuid
.vimeo.com
400 days
These cookies are used by the Vimeo video player on websites.
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Analytical cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
_gcl_au
.idnow.io
Google Advertising Products
90 days
Used by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data.
bcookie
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
365 days
Used for remembering that a logged in user is verified by two factor authentication and has previously logged in.
lidc
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
1 day
Used by LinkedIn for routing to facilitate data center selection.
YSC
.youtube.com
Google
Session
This cookie is set by YouTube video service on pages with YouTube embedded videos to track views.
__hstc
.idnow.io
HubSpot
180 days
This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. This is the main cookie for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, utk, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session).
hubspotutk
.idnow.io
HubSpot
180 days
This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. This cookie is used to keep track of a visitor's identity. This cookie is passed to HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
__hssrc
.idnow.io
HubSpot
Session
This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. Whenever HubSpot changes the session cookie, this cookie is also set to determine if the visitor has restarted their browser. If this cookie does not exist when HubSpot manages cookies, it is considered a new session.
utm_source
.idnow.io
Google
400 days
Cookie used to record visit origin.
utm_medium
.idnow.io
Google
400 days
_pk_id.
www.idnow.io
393 days
Used by Matomo to store a few details about the user such as the unique visitor ID
MUID
.bing.com
Microsoft
390 days
Microsoft User Identifier tracking cookie used by Bing Ads. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Marketing cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
fp_lp
.idnow.io
400 days
Cookie used to record first touch page
fp_rf
.idnow.io
400 days
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
.youtube.com
Google
180 days
Set by YouTube and used for various purposes, including analytical and advertising.
_an_uid
www.idnow.io
7 days
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
_gd_session
www.idnow.io
4 hours
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
IDE
.doubleclick.net
Google Advertising Products
390 days
Used by Google's DoubleClick to serve targeted advertisements that are relevant to users across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to users based on previous visits to a website. These cookies measure the conversion rate of ads presented to the user.
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
.youtube.com
Google
180 days
AnalyticsSyncHistory
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
30 days
Used by LinkedIn to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries
UserMatchHistory
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
30 days
Contains a unique identifier used by LinkedIn to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
bscookie
.www.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
365 days
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_gcl_gs
.idnow.io
Google Advertising Products
90 days
_uetsid
.idnow.io
Microsoft
1 day
This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.
_uetvid
.idnow.io
Microsoft
390 days
Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing.
MSPTC
.bing.com
Microsoft
390 days
test_cookie
.doubleclick.net
Google
1 hour
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies
receive-cookie-deprecation
.adnxs.com
400 days
Privacy Sandbox testing cookie to preview how site behavior and functionality work without third-party cookies.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
.youtube.com
Google
180 days
Pending
Save settings
Cookie settings
Sub-policy 2
http://www.porsche.com/international/privacy/contact/:
Your Data Protection Request
Für eine deutsche Version klicken Sie bitte
hier
.
With the following form you have the possibility to assert your rights according to the General Data Protection Regulation:
• Information about the processing of your personal data
• Transfer of your personal data to another data processor
• Request for correction or deletion of your personal data
• Restriction of the processing of your personal data
• Objection to the processing of your personal data
• Revocation of consent to the processing of your personal data
In addition, you have the opportunity to contact the relevant data protection officer.
You can assign your request to the following roles:
•
Employees of own company
(Applicants, Management and supervisory boards, Active employee management, Active employee tariff, Temporary employees, Apprentices / Dual students, Interns, working students (incl. pupils), Degree employees (Bachelorand/Masterand/PhD), Former employees)
•
Employees of Group companies
(Applicants, Management and supervisory boards, Active employee management, Active employee tariff, Temporary employees, Apprentices / Dual students, Interns, working students (incl. pupils), Degree employees (Bachelorand/Masterand/PhD), Former employees)
•
Customers
(among others Prospective customers, Private customers, Business customers)
•
Customers of distributors
(Customers of sales and service partners, Customers of dealers (e.g. PZ), Customers of banks, Customers of insurance companies)
•
Business partner
(Suppliers / service providers, Sales partners (e.g. importers), Service partners (authorized workshops), Sponsoring partners, Freelancer with B2B, Freelancers without B2B, Journalists with B2B, Commissioned journalists without B2B, Intermediaries, Inventors, Scientists, Test persons, Musicians, Social Media Performers & Influencers)
•
Business partner employees
(Employees of sales partner customers, Employees of business customers, Employees of other business partners, Employees of partner companies with B2B)
•
Outsiders with special legal or debt relationships
(Shareholders, Investors, Parties to a legal dispute, Representatives of (regulatory-) authorities)
•
Business partner employees
(Employees of sales partner customers, Employees of business customers, Employees of other business partners, Employees of partner companies with B2B)
•
Outsiders Other
(Recipients of donations, Service users, Visitors / Guests, Representatives of organizations, Sweepstakes participants, Non-commissioned journalists, Non-commissioned influencers, Relatives of employees, Indirectly affected persons, occupants, People in the environment, Newsletter subscribers, Scholarship holders, Commercial agent, Fans)
The respective group company processes your personal data submitted with this form exclusively for processing your request. Further information on processing your personal data can be found in the privacy statements of the respective group company.
Further information on processing your personal data can be found in the privacy statements of the respective group company.
Please complete the form completely so that your request can be processed as quickly as possible.
* Please complete all required fields.
HIDDEN
Request information
Request to *
Please define to whom your request is addressed.
Please define to whom your request is addressed.
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG
Porsche Deutschland GmbH
Porsche Lifestyle GmbH & Co. KG
Porsche Sales & Marketplace GmbH
Porsche Financial Services GmbH
Porsche Financial Services GmbH & Co. KG
Porsche Logistik GmbH
Porsche Niederlassung Stuttgart GmbH
Porsche Niederlassung Hamburg GmbH
Porsche Niederlassung Berlin GmbH
Porsche Niederlassung Berlin-Potsdam GmbH
I would like *
to make a request for information about my personal data.
to transfer my personal data to a different data controller.
to correct my personal data.
to request the deletion of my personal data.
to require a restriction on the processing of personal data.
to object of processing of my personal data.
to unsubscribe Newsletter and Mailings (all or only those listed in the free text).
to revoke all my consent statements.
to revoke one/serveral specific consent statement(s) (please enter details in the free text field)
to contact the data protection officer.
(Optional) Please specify your request in order to ensure a prompt processing (e.g. details of the marketing measure to which the specific withdrawal of consent relates or e.g. specification of the data to be deleted).
Category
I would like my request to be processed for the following role(s):
Employees of own company
Employees of group companies
Customers
Customers of distributors
Business partners
Business partner employees
External parties with special legal or debt relationships
Outsiders, other
(Optional)
Please use the optional free text field to specify the category(ies) you consider relevant (details and explanations of the categories can be found above).
If you don't find yourself in any of the categories, please contact
Betroffenenrechte@porsche.de
.
Personal Information
Salutation
- - -
- - -
Mr.
Mrs.
Ms.
Title
- - -
- - -
Dr.
Prof.
Prof. Dr.
B.A.
MBA
Ph.D.
MA
BSc
BEng
MSc
MEng
BPhil
MPhil
Dipl
First name *
Surname *
Birthday (DD/MM/YYYY)
Place of birth
Contact Information
E-mail address *
Street
no.
Additional information
Postcode
City
Additional Information
Porsche
ID (if available)
VIN (if available)
Employee number (if available)
Please provide your Employee number (if available) in the following form: P-123456
X-Number (if available)
Please provide your X-Number (if available) in the following form: X-123456
VW-User-ID (if available)
VW buyers shortcut (if available)
DUNS-Number (if available)
B2B Profile ID (if available)
Submit Request