Home
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Asteria Corporation’s policy regarding the protection of private information
Contents
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
Our policy regarding the protection of private information
Information we collect
How we use private user information
Sharing of private user information
Our policy regarding safe protection of data
User selections available for receiving Email
Information regarding cookies and browsers
About the open forum
Our policy regarding the protection of the private information of children
Regarding links to other websites
How to access, change, update and delete user information
Contacting us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain our policy regarding the handling of private information on the Asteria Corporation (herein referred to as “Asteria”) website and to provide information pertaining to the user choices regarding the handling of private information collected by Asteria.
Please be aware that services that Asteria does not offer independently, such as websites with content offered in conjunction with a business partner, are handled under additional Privacy Policies and separate Privacy Policies.
Our policy regarding the protection of private information
The protection of private user information is an important issue to Asteria. In order to protect private user information, Asteria has created a Privacy Policy explaining the common practices of Asteria regarding private information and user choices regarding the methods of collecting, using, and disclosing private user information. In order to make this policy easy for users to find, it is accessible from the Asteria website as well as in areas which require private information.
Information we collect
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected by Asteria including private information and all information provided to Asteria. “Private Information” is information pertaining to living individuals, and refers to data which can identify a specific individual via a name, date of birth, and other statements included in such information (including data which can be easily compared to other information to identify a specific individual).  “Private Information” also includes information pertaining to living individuals that includes a personal identification code.
Asteria collects private information in the following instances.
When a user account is created so that a user can become a member of the Asteria website or other services that Asteria offers
When a user purchases Asteria products and services online
When a user conducts user registration
When a user requests support for Asteria products or services
When a user requests information or resources from Asteria (such as White Papers)
When a user participates in Asteria surveys and evaluations
When a user participates in an Asteria promotion contest or prize giveaway
When a user contacts or leaves a comment for Asteria
When a user seeks a job with Asteria and replies to Asteria recruiting
Asteria also collects private information with individual consent at meetings, trade shows, and expositions.
Collected private information includes the following data (however, it is not limited to such).
The user’s full name
The user’s title and the name of the organization to which the user belongs
Actual addresses such as the home address and the billing address of the user (prefecture and city name, etc.)
The user’s Email address
The user’s telephone number
Any other information specified by the user for use when Asteria contacts the user online or offline
Information collected online and stored by Asteria related to the user’s account, including the following information
– The user’s name for Asteria services
– The user’s password for Asteria services
– Information regarding the user’s credit card
How we use private user information
Asteria may use the private information collected from users for the following purposes.
Creating and maintaining user accounts
Processing and confirmation in accordance with user requests
Asteria product registration for users
Answering questions from users
Registering users for programs (based on user request)
Sending information to users
Sending surveys to users
When considering applicants for employment
Asteria also uses this private information in order to supply to the user information related to user accounts and products and services purchased by the user from Asteria, to better understand user needs, to improve Asteria products and services, and to label items to be delivered with the appropriate name and address.
Sharing of private user information
Asteria shall not share or provide private information supplied by the user to Asteria to any third parties without user consent except in the following cases. Asteria can disclose/provide private information from the user to a third party in the following cases.
When it is necessary to execute purchase orders, to process invoices and credit cards, to provide services, and for Email housing
(or other matters resulting from any use of private information previously explained within this Privacy Policy)
When it is required by law
(when responding to valid summons, warrants, tax audits, or administrational institution measures or when preventing illicit acts)
For survey activity such as submission of statistical reports
(the collected information is used to explain Asteria services to present and future partners and other third parties, and not used to contact the subjects of the reports)
For corporate transactions such as mergers, buyouts, integrations, division sell-offs, etc.
(usage of this information is conditional on the pledge by the receiving party stating compliance with a confidentiality agreement to refrain from using the information for any purpose other than the corporate transaction)
When approved by laws related to the protection of private information
When disclosed to subcontractors with whom we have an existing non-disclosure agreement, and only within the permitted scope of use
Our policy regarding safe protection of data
In addition to conducting employee training regarding the Asteria Privacy Policy, Asteria discloses the Asteria Privacy Policy to Asteria business partners as well. Also, Asteria’s website uses a technology called Secure Socket Layer (SSL) which encodes private information when it is transmitted to the Asteria website. Furthermore, Asteria and business partners of Asteria enter into a confidentiality agreement requiring caution and preventative measures in order to prevent the loss, misuse, and disclosing of private user information.
User selections available for receiving Email
Asteria endeavors to provide an environment where users can opt in or out of receiving Emails from Asteria and Asteria’s partners.
Asteria shall send Emails to users in the following cases.
In order to send notifications to a user regarding that’s user account
In order to send notifications to a user regarding products purchased by that user
In order to send notifications to a user regarding services purchased by that user
In order to answer questions and comments from users
Also, Asteria shall send to users Emails which include information regarding products and services which match each user’s interests and special information except for in the case wherein a user has opted to not receive such Emails. In addition, with user consent, Asteria’s business partners will also send such information to users.
A user can inform us whether or not that user wishes to receive promotional materials, information, or special information from Asteria or a business partner when creating a user account in the Asteria website, when registering for any service, when the providing private user information to Asteria, and when Asteria sends an Email to the user. Note that when a user opts not to receive advertisement Emails, that user cannot receive special information which may benefit that user.
Asteria continually provides chances for users to opt out of direct marketing communication. All advertisement Emails sent from Asteria contains information which allows the user to choose to refuse receiving such Emails in the future. Users can send a correspondence to Asteria via either of the following addresses requesting the termination of all correspondence, or termination of correspondence via Email.
Email :
privacy@asteria.com
JavaScriptを有効にしてください
Standard postal address :
C/O Private Information Manager
Asteria Corporation
19F Ebisu Prime Square Tower,
1-1-39 Hiroo, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0012, Japan
Notwithstanding the foreoing, in order to protect users, Asteria shall contact users in the case wherein an issue arises necessitating immediate caution regarding a problem pertaining to products or services purchased by the user.
Information regarding cookies and browsers
Asteria’s website automatically takes control of the user’s IP address. Controlled IP addresses are used to solve problems related to Asteria’s server, for website management, and for safety management when the user uses the Asteria website. Also, they are also used to identify users and user shopping carts.
Also, in order to provide services that correspond to individual user demand, Asteria stores user information and uses tracking cookies. A cookie is light data sent from a website to the user’s browser to be saved in the hard drive of the user’s computer. In some cases it is necessary for cookies to be received in the user’s browser for websites where logging in is required and for the Asteria website, where individual user services are provided.
If a user does not desire for private information to be stored via cookies, that user may set the cookie option in the browser to off or set the browser to request authorization for cookies each time they are sent. However, in some cases providing certain products and services requires the use of cookies. Please be aware that turning cookies off will result in a lowering of performance and functionality of this website. Detailed information regarding the method for setting cookie authorization can be found in the user’s browser manual.
[Cookies setting]
You can set your preferences for cookies on the asteria.com site by clicking on the following button.
Cookies Settings
See the below pages for the list of cookies used on our website.
Cookie list for Asteria Corporate Site & ASTERIA Warp Product Site
Cookie list for Platio Product Site
About the open forum
The open forum consists of user oriented chat rooms, forums, message boards, news groups, etc. Be aware that information disclosed via such an online service generally becomes public material. Be careful when disclosing your own private information in this environment. Asteria values each user's opinion and facilitates freedom of speech. However, in order to maintain the forum, Asteria reserves the right to take necessary steps, such as eliminating statements which disturb the public order.
Our policy regarding the protection of the private information of children
Due to our special concern for the privacy of children, Asteria does not accept private information online from children that Asteria knows to be under 13 years old (which is the age of a "child" as defined under Japanese law). Asteria will not allow anyone that Asteria knows to be under 13 years old to become a registered member of the Asteria website, nor will Asteria allow such an individual to purchase products or services via the Asteria website. Asteria will also not collect or ask for private information from any individual that Asteria knows to be under 13 years old.
Regarding links to other websites
The Asteria website includes links to other websites. However, Asteria bears absolutely no liability for the information collection practices of websites which can be accessed via links from the Asteria website. If a problem arises concerning the information collection practices of such a website, contact the webmaster of that site directly.
How to access, change, update and delete user information
Users are able to request alterations, updating and deletion of their own private information at any time. When this is necessary, write the details to be changed and send a request for alteration to
privacy@asteria.com
JavaScriptを有効にしてください
via Email.
Contacting us
If users have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of private user information by Asteria, they may contact Asteria via Email (
privacy@asteria.com
JavaScriptを有効にしてください
) or at the following postal mail address.
C/O Private Information Manager
Asteria Corporation
19F Ebisu Prime Square Tower,
1-1-39 Hiroo, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0012, Japan
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Asteria possesses the right to alter the Asteria policy regarding privacy as needed. When such an alteration occurs, a notice of the alteration will be listed on this website for a period of 30 days starting from the day of the alteration.
* This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 1, 2024.
Asteria Products
ASTERIA Warp
Platio
Gravio
SnapCal
lino
Japanese
Privacy Policy
Common Terms of Use
Site Map
Copyright©1998 -2025 Asteria Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
Cookies Button
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
cookielist
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label