To protect the privacy rights of users during the usage of our services, we have formulated this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, store, and share your personal information when you use the HoYoLAB services and what rights you have over your data when you accept the HoYoLAB services, regardless of whether the data is provided by you voluntarily or collected by us. This Privacy Policy is applicable to all services provided by us. When you use our services, we will process and protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The minimum age to create a HoYoLAB user account is 13. We will not knowingly collect personal data from children under this age.
By accessing our websites or otherwise using the HoYoLAB Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and accepted the following terms. In the case you do not agree to any of the terms, you may immediately stop using our services.
In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, we will make an announcement in advance, disclose the details of the event and information about the successor, and after again obtaining the express consent of you or your guardian, your personal data may be transferred to the successor entity of HoYoLAB.
We reserve the right to periodically modify, adjust, or revise the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any updated terms to obtain your consent again. You agree to regularly review these terms that may be updated from time to time. Your continued use of HoYoLAB services constitutes your acceptance of how we will collect, handle, and use your personal data according to the revised Privacy Policy.
1. What Data We Collect and Process
1) Account information
We will collect your HoYoLAB account information, such as your nickname, avatar, gender, username, account ID, and account level.
2) Personal information that you provide to us
We will collect content, communications, and other information that you provide when you use our products, including information provided when you register for an account, create or share content, and communicate with others. This includes information contained in or related to the content you provide (such as metadata), such as the date a file was created. It also includes content that you see or use through the functions we provide (e.g., photo-taking function, photo upload function, content upload function).
Unless we obtain your consent, we will not collect personally identifiable information (PII) or sensitive personal information (SPI), such as your real name, address, telephone number, fax number, and e-mail address. You confirm that if you elect to submit any personal data, your submission is subject to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the terms therein.
i) Contact data (such as email address or telephone number)
ii) Your selected interest tags
iii) Your preferred language
iv) Information on the HoYoLAB platform that you post, all the feedback that you provide to us, and any other user generated content (including information that you post, comment, or follow in any of our content or services; information you provide when requesting support service and consumer service from us; and any information you provide to us while participating in events and surveys, such as your contact information and your PayPal account and shipping address information required for prize issuance).
3) Data we collect automatically
i) Application, browser, and device information
- The device and software you are currently using, and other device characteristics. For example, when you log in to HoYoLAB on a browser or device, we will associate the browser or device with your account for authentication, security, and personalization purposes
- Identifiers that distinguish your device from those of other users, including unique device identifiers.
- Information about the network your device is connected to, including your IP address;
- Information collected through cookies and similar technologies.
- Time zone information when you use the application
.
ii) Your usage. We collect information about how you use our Products, such as the types of content you search for, view, or interact with; the features you use; the actions you take; the people or accounts you interact with; and when, how often, and for how long.
iii) Information about your interactions with others. We also capture and use the content, communications, and information you provide when you interact with others as a fan or contact.
4) Data shared with us by third parties
i) Data we receive from third-party applications when you link them to our services, such as when you make a third-party login via Facebook, Twitter, Google, or Apple.
ii) In order to provide you with better services, third-party data for message push, security assurance, and statistical analysis purposes.
We may merge the personal data we collect with data from third-party partners to perform market analysis and/or improve our services.
5) Data shared by other COGNOSPHERE products
HoYoLAB may obtain your game character data and game behavior data from other COGNOSPHERE products to facilitate your participation in related activities, query about performance information and enjoyment of personalized push notifications.
2. Why We Collect Your Personal Data
In order to provide you with high-quality services, we collect and process personal data for the following purposes. If you do not provide certain data required for services, you will be unable to register a user account, some or all products or services we provide will be unavailable, or the services may not function as intended.
1) To provide and support HoYoLAB-related services.
2) To improve our products.
3) To enhance the safety and security of our products and services.
4) To push content based on the interests you choose, provide personalized content matching your selected language, and display relevant activities and advertisements;
5) To communicate with you and send surveys, event invitations, and related notifications.
3. The Legal Basis of Our Data Collection and Processing
1) Necessary for us to comply with our service agreement.
2) Conducted with your consent (you may email us at privacy@hoyoverse.com at any time to withdraw your consent).
3) Necessary for us to carry out our legally stipulated obligations.
4) Necessary for us to protect your important rights and the important rights of others.
5) (Unless there is a conflict of interest between these rights and your rights) Necessary for our
legitimate interests and those of third parties
, including our rights to provide innovative, personalized, and secure services to our users.
4. Cookies
To assess the effects of our services, certain pages of our websites may use Cookies. These Cookies are small text files used to add functions or to track the usage of websites.
We use Cookies to collect usage data about websites and to operate our services, which may include:
1) Remembering you: Cookies can help us identify you as a registered user or keep the preferences or data that you have previously provided.
2) Understanding how you use our services: We can use Cookies to understand the activities that visitors (including users) carry out in our services, or to identify the most popular pages or sections.
3) Targeted push notifications: Cookies help us provide you with advertising that we believe is relevant to you or of interest to you on the basis of your provided data.
You can disable Cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of our services may not function properly afterwards.
5. Information Sharing
Other than COGNOSPHERE and/or its affiliates, your information is shared with others in the following ways:
Shared via HoYoLAB's products
1) Public information
Other users may be able to see data you display or read information in posts created by you through HoYoLAB services. You confirm that HoYoLAB services may also include message boards, communities, and/or other chat areas where users may exchange ideas or communicate with each other. You further confirm that public information published by you can be seen by anyone (including users without an account), whether it be within or outside of our products. We strongly recommend that all users always avoid posting personal data.
2) Content about you that is shared or forwarded by others
People who can see your activity on HoYoLAB have the option to share it with others in and outside of our products. For example, when you publish or share a post, other users can download, screenshot, or forward it to others within and outside of our products, or share such content on other social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.
3) New owner
If there is a change in the ownership or control of all or part of our products or their assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Sharing with third parties
We collaborate with third-party partners who help us provide and improve our products, which allows us to run our company and provide services to people around the world. For example, we share collected information with third parties to provide you with personalized recommendation services. We will not sell any of your information to anyone. We also have strict restrictions in place on how our partners may use and disclose data provided by us. Since these partners may access your data as data controllers and operate under their own privacy policies, we strongly urge you to review the privacy policies on their official websites and learn more about their data processing practices.
In addition, we may provide some of your personal information to law enforcement authorities in response to legal requests.
6. Data Storage and Transfer
While your account is active or while we are providing you with services as required by you, we will store your data unless a request from you to delete such data is received. For the purposes described in this policy, your information may be transferred to countries/regions outside of your residence, or may be stored or processed in these countries/regions. These data transfers are necessary to provide our services, to operate our products worldwide, and to make them available to you. Regardless of where our servers are located, we will take reasonable steps to protect your rights in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
In the case you request to delete your account, or to remove or delete your personal data, we will retain your data only for as long as there is a reasonable legal basis to do so, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce the agreements between us.
We will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information is collected and processed or where the applicable law provides for longer storage and retention period. After that, your personal data will be deleted or anonymized, as provided by applicable law.
7. Your Rights
We have provided you with some control and choices over the kind of data we collect, how the data is used, as well as how it is shared. Such control and choices include accessing, correcting, or deleting information you provide to us and information collected while you are using our services. This may also include the option to opt out of receiving our notifications, promotions, offers, or other advertisements.
Using the right to deletion as an example, if you delete your account under account security settings, your account will be deactivated. Following which, your account, which includes your nickname, username, and public personal information, will no longer be accessible on HoYoLAB. Information about you shared by others that do not include your account information will not be deleted. Please note that even if you have deleted personal information from our services or deactivated your account, copies of your public information may be retained on the HoYoLAB main page, search engines, or by other third parties, such as your personal information and public posts.
At the same time, depending on your place of residence, you may be able to exercise your right to data portability, right of refusal, and so on regarding your information in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although certain features and functions offered in our services may be changed or no longer be available to you.
In the case of push notifications related to marketing or advertising communications, you can object to our right to process your data for direct marketing purposes by using the "Unsubscribe" link in such marketing communications.
With regard to the sending of personalized communications of a marketing or promotional nature, you may choose to accept or object to our processing of your data for personalized push notifications by enabling or disabling this feature in the relevant settings. When you choose to turn off personalized recommendations, you will not be able to enjoy the personalized recommendation services provided by us.
With regard to the personalized marketing pushes related to marketing, promotional communications, and so on, you can choose to accept or object to our processing of your data for personalized marketing push notifications. You can turn on/off personalized marketing pushes on the relevant settings page.
When you choose to turn off the personalized marketing push notifications, you will not be able to enjoy the related services we provide
.
8. Securing Your Data
Pertaining to your use of our services, we have endeavored to take reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to or improper use of your personal data, such as organizational controls, permission controls, technical protection, and other protection measures.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. While we strive to protect your personal data, we also remind you to be aware of the risks of hacking, cyber-attacks, and so on on the Internet.
Therefore, we urge you to take every possible precaution to protect your personal data when using our services, including but not limited to changing your passwords from time to time, using a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, using a secure browser, and/or taking other possible security measures.
Please be aware that websites with links to and/or from our websites, such as third-party links inserted by users in posts, may collect personal data about you. This Privacy Policy does not apply to and cannot control the activities of these other advertisers or websites. We highly recommend that you read the privacy policy of such third-party websites which you may be directed to before providing any personal data.
9. Age Limit
You confirm that you are at least 13 years old, or an adult or older in your country of residence (or at another age in your jurisdiction where you are classified as at or above the age of majority) when using the HoYoLAB services. If you are a minor child or under the legal age of majority (“Minor” or “Child”), please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We strongly urge parents to supervise minors to protect their personal information. If we learn that we have collected the personal data of a Minor, we will delete such data immediately. Also, if you believe that we might have collected data from or about a Minor, please contact us at privacy@hoyoverse.com.
10. Contact Us
For the purpose of protecting users' personal information, the Data Controller for HoYoLAB services is COGNOSPHERE PTE. LTD. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, please contact us. You may email our data security office at
privacy@hoyoverse.com
COGNOSPHERE PTE. LTD.
Effective Date: September 5, 2023
数据加载中