Privacy Policy
Quranly app has a delete and erase data function under settings in the app. If you choose to do this your account and all data inside it is erased and removed from our system
Welcome to Quranly (hereinafter the “APP”). This policy applies to you and Quranly Ltd, the Developer of the APP, irrespective of your country of residence or location.
This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum to make sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information.
The Data Controller
The person that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the “data controller”) is:
Quranly Ltd
111a High Street, Wealdstone,
Middlesex, England,
HA3 5DL, UK
E-Mail:
salam@quranly.app
Web:
www.quranly.app
Welcome to our Privacy Policy, which explains how we collect, store, protect and share your personal information and with whom we share it. This Privacy Policy sits in line with the UK`s Data Protection Act (DPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Overview of processing operations
The following overview summarises the types of data processed and the purposes of their processing and refers to the data subjects.
Types of data processed
Inventory data
Content data
Contact data
Meta/communication data
Usage data
Purposes of the processing
Provision of the APP and user experience
Contact requests and communication
Security measures
Provision of contractual services and customer service
Administration and response to enquiries
Relevant legal basis
In the following, we inform you about the legal basis of the DPA and the GDPR on the basis of which we process personal data. If more specific legal bases apply in individual cases, we will inform you of these in the privacy policy.
Consent - The data subject has given his/her consent to the processing of personal data relating to him/her for a specific purpose or purposes.
Performance of a contract and pre-contractual enquiries - Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party or for the performance of pre-contractual measures carried out at the data subject's request.
Legitimate interests - Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the controller or a third party, unless such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require the protection of personal data.
Security measures
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures in accordance with the law, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, circumstances and purposes of the processing, as well as the different probabilities of occurrence and the level of threat to the rights and freedoms of natural persons, in order to ensure a level of protection appropriate to the risk.
The measures include, in particular, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data by controlling physical and electronic access to the data as well as access to, input of, disclosure of, assurance of availability of and segregation of the data. We also have procedures in place to ensure the exercise of data subjects' rights, the deletion of data and responses to data compromise. Furthermore, we already take the protection of personal data into account in the development or selection of hardware, software and procedures in accordance with the principle of data protection, through technology design and through data protection-friendly default settings.
However, you must understand that no Internet transmission is completely secure. Therefore, we can never guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss and other incidents can be completely excluded.
Your rights
The data protection laws in your country may give you the following rights:
Right to information:
what personal data a company processes and why (this notice).
Right of access:
You can request information about data collected.
Right to rectification:
If data collected is not correct, you can ask for it to be corrected.
Right to erasure:
Under certain circumstances, you can request the erasure of your data.
Right to restriction of processing:
In certain circumstances, you can request the further processing of your data, but the data will remain stored.
Right to data portability:
You can have the data collected about you transferred to another provider in a machine-readable format.
Right to object:
In certain circumstances (including where your data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests or for marketing purposes) you may object to processing.
Rights in relation to automated case-by-case decisions, including profiling:
This includes several rights where data is processed solely by automated means, and this has a legal or significant impact on an individual. In these circumstances, you have, among other things, the right to human intervention in the decision-making process.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights listed above, you can contact us by email at
salam@quranly.app
. For your protection and the protection of all our users, we may need to request certain information from you to help us confirm your identity before we can respond to the above requests.
If you feel that we have not resolved your concern, you have the right to make a complaint at any time. You can also contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
The Information Commissioner`s Office (ICO) is the relevant data protection supervisory authority in the UK. The ICO is located at Wycliffe House, Water Ln, Wilmslow SK9 5AF, UK (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO.
General app accesses
As with every server request, information such as IP address, user agent etc. is transmitted and stored anonymously in the server log for 30 days. The provision of personal data is neither legally nor contractually required, nor is it necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to provide the personal data. However, failure to provide the data could result in you not being able to use our APP or not being able to use it to its full extent. The legal basis for this data processing is consent.
Installation of our APP
The App can be downloaded from the "Google Playstore" and "Apple App Store". Downloading the App may require prior registration with the respective App store and/or installation of the respective App store software.
i) App installation via the Google Playstore
You can use the Google service "
Google Play
" of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, US, if you are resident outside the EU and Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland if you are a resident within the EU, to install the App. As far as we are aware, Google collects and processes the following data: License check, network access, network connection, WLAN connections, and location information.
It cannot be ruled out that Google also transmits the information to a server in a third country. We cannot influence which personal data Google processes with your registration and the provision of downloads in the respective App store and App store software. The responsible party in this respect is solely Google as the operator of the Google Play Store.
ii) App installation via the Apple App Store
You can use the Apple App service "
App Store
" a service of Apple Inc., 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, US, if you are resident outside the EU and Apple Distribution International Ltd, Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill Ln, Knocknaheeney, Cork, Ireland, if you are a resident within the EU, to install the App. As far as we are aware, Apple collects and processes the following data: device identifiers, IP addresses, and location information.
It cannot be excluded that Apple also transmits the information to a server in a third country. This could in particular be Apple Inc. One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, California, USA, 95014. We cannot influence which personal data Apple processes with your registration and the provision of downloads in the respective App store and App store software. The responsible party in this respect is solely Apple as the operator of the Apple App Store.
Contacting Us
If you contact us and send us general enquiries the contact details you provide, will be stored, and used by us to fulfil the purpose associated with the transmission, e.g., to process your enquiry or in the event of follow-up questions.
The basis for this storage and use of your personal data is your consent which you give us by sending us a message. Insofar as you provide us with your personal data for the purpose of responding to your questions, the entry of personal data is required as without this information, we cannot process your request.
You have the right to revoke your consent to the data processing described above at any time with effect for the future. In this case, we will no longer process your data. Your personal data will be deleted even without your revocation in any case if we have processed your request or if the storage is inadmissible for other legal reasons.
Creating an account and a profile
A user profile will be created for you based on the information you provide during the sign up. Your Email, password, Gender (Skippable), goals of daily verses and time to remind you. You have the option of adjusting, changing, or deleting the information in your account and profile to edit within the app or by contacting us. You can delete your account by using the delete button in the account. The data processing carried out in this context is necessary to provide our service on the basis of the requests made by you. We store the data until you delete your account. Insofar as legal retention periods are to be observed, storage also takes place beyond the time of deletion of a user account.
Alternatively, you are able to sign up using the convenience log in and sign up from
Facebook
. With Facebook Connect, you have the option of registering for our services directly with your Facebook user account. An additional registration is therefore not required. To register, information such as inventory data (e.g., names, addresses) and contact data (e.g., e-mail, telephone numbers) can be automatically transmitted to Facebook. Furthermore, it may happen that Facebook receives information about your use of our App through the link and stores and processes it for its own purposes.
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR (consent). You can revoke your consent for the processing of your data by Facebook Connect in connection with our services at any time, by removing the link between our App and Facebook within your Facebook account and requesting us to delete it.
Purchases
When you subscribe, we may collect the following data from you to process the desired order:
IOS or Android user ID
Email address
Payment confirmation from the payment data collected by the Apple or Google depending on the payment method; and
Device IP and device serial number to link the story history to the device.
Push messages
When using the app, you will receive so-called push messages from us, even if you are not currently using the app. These are messages that we send you as part of the performance of the contract, but also promotional information. You can adjust or stop receiving push messages at any time via the device settings of your end device.
Device information
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our APP, including hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and app settings and properties, APP crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID), information about your wireless and mobile network connection such as your service provider and signal strength; information about device sensors such as accelerometer, gyroscope, and compass.
How we share information
We may share some user information with service providers and partners who help us operate the Services, and in some cases with legal authorities.
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, customer support, marketing and security measures.
We follow a rigorous vetting process before engaging a service provider or working with a partner. All our service providers and partners should commit to strict confidentiality.
We may transfer your information if we are involved in whole or in part in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganisation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government/legal investigation, or other legal requirement; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (in each case, subject to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
We may also disclose information: (i) if disclosure would reduce our liability in actual or threatened litigation; (ii) if necessary to protect our legal rights and the legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or other misconduct.
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make clear why we want to share the information.
We may use and share non-personal information such as device information, general demographic information, general behavioural information, and personal information in hashed, non-human readable form in the above circumstances.
Authorisations and Access
We may request access or permission to certain functions from your mobile device (storage and Push notifications). The legal basis for data processing is our legitimate interest and the provision of contractual or pre-contractual measures. You can change your permissions at any time via the Settings Menu of your device.
Uninstall
You can stop the collection of information by the APP by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall procedure for your device.
Storage and retention
Unless a more specific retention period is stated within this privacy policy, we will retain your personal data on our server in the UK and in part in your local phone storage until the purpose for processing it no longer applies. If you assert a legitimate request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g., retention periods under tax or commercial law); in the latter case, the data will be deleted once these reasons no longer apply.
Data Breaches/Notification
Databases or data sets that include Personal Data may be breached inadvertently or through wrongful intrusion. Upon becoming aware of a data breach, we will notify all affected individuals whose Personal Data may have been compromised, and the notice will be accompanied by a description of action being taken to reconcile any damage as a result of the data breach. Notices will be provided as expeditiously as possible after which the breach was discovered.
Updating your information
If you believe that the information, we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion, or object to its processing, please do so in your account or by contacting us. For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore.
Obligation to provide personal data
You are not obliged to provide us with personal data, and you may use the app without creating an account. However, depending on the individual case, the provision of certain personal data may be necessary for the full provision of the above services. If you do not provide us with this personal data, we are not able to provide the services in full.
When you send a data subject access request
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the context of handling your data subject access request is our legal obligation and the legal basis for the subsequent documentation of the data subject access request is both our legitimate interest and our legal obligation.
The purpose of processing your personal data in the context of processing data when you send a data subject access request is to respond to your request. The subsequent documentation of the data subject access request serves to fulfil the legally required accountability.
Your personal data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. In the case of the processing of a data subject access request, this is three years after the end of the respective process.
You have the possibility at any time to object to the processing of your personal data in the context of the processing of a data subject access request for the future. In this case, however, we will not be able to further process your request. The documentation of the legally compliant processing of the respective data subject access request is mandatory. Consequently, there is no possibility for you to object.
Automated individual decision-making including profiling
We do not make automated decisions in individual cases, including profiling.
Accuracy
It is important that the data we hold about you is accurate and current, therefore please keep us informed of any changes to your personal data.
Changes
This policy and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal data can result in changes to this policy. Please regularly review this policy to keep up to date with any changes.
Queries and Complaints
Any comments or queries on this policy should be directed to us. If you believe that we have not complied with this policy or acted otherwise than in accordance with data protection law, then you should notify us.
The world's
first habit building
Qur'an app.
Meet Quranly.
120,320,320
People Reading Now
Get Quranly - it's free
Quranly App
© 2023 Quranly. All rights reserved.
Blog
Privacy Policy