Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sir Studio has built the Reporting app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided free of charge by Sir Studio and is intended for use as it is. In-app purchases may apply.
This page is used to inform website visitors about our policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information if someone decides to use our service.
If you choose to use our Service, you consent to the collection and use of information related to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to deliver and improve the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone other than as described in this privacy policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible on Reporting unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Collecting and using information
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Firebase. The information that we request is stored and used by us as described in this privacy policy.
The app uses third-party services that may collect information that is used to identify you.
Log data
We want you to know that when you use our Service, we collect data and information (via third-party products) on your phone in the event of an error in the app, called Log Data. This log data may contain information such as the IP address (device protocol), the device name, the version of the operating system, the configuration of the app when using our service, the time and date of your use of the service and other statistics .
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that is often used as anonymous unique identification. These are sent to your browser from the website you visit and are stored on the internal memory of your device.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app can use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the ability to accept or decline these cookies and to know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to decline our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of this service.
Service providers
We may hire third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
•
To facilitate our service;
•
To deliver the Service on our behalf;
•
Perform service-related services; or
•
To help us analyze how our service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are under no obligation to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing your personal information, so we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. But don't forget that no shipping method over the internet or electronic storage is 100% safe and reliable and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be taken to that site. Note that these external sites are not managed by us. That is why we strongly recommend that you view the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of third-party sites or services.
Children's privacy
These Services are not addressed to anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately remove it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you know that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take appropriate action.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. That is why you are advised to regularly check this page for any changes. These changes take effect immediately after they have been placed on this page.
Contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.