HoofmApp
About
HoofmApp is a tool for quick, easy and cost effective assessment of the hoof, whether shod or barefoot. It is designed to give information about hoof proportions rather then exact measurements and is a fantastic method of documenting hoof morphology as you create files for each client.
Lateral Photo
From a true lateral photo taken at 90 degrees to the digit at ground level the templates can show:
The centre of rotation
Base split proportions
Heel to Toe height ratio
Heel to toe angle difference
Pastern angle
Sole View
From a photo taken at 90 degrees to the sole the templates can show:
The centre of rotation
Heel to toe base proportions
HoofmApp Tutorial Document
HoofmApp Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.theequinedocumentalist.com/hoofmapp-privacy:
top of page
HoofmApp Privacy Policy
English
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is HoofInnovation's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our mobile application "HoofmApp"
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our app will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
m
This policy is effective as of 01 October 2020.
Ukrainian
Політика конфіденційності
Ваша конфіденційність для нас важлива. це є HoofInnovation Політика щодо поваги до конфіденційності стосовно будь-якої інформації, яку ми можемо збирати від вас у нашому мобільному додатку "HoofmApp"
Ми просимо лише про особисту інформацію, коли вона дійсно потрібна для надання вам послуг. Ми збираємо їх справедливими і законними засобами, з вашим знанням і згодою. Ми також повідомляємо вам, чому ми збираємо його та як він буде використовуватися.
Ми зберігаємо зібрану інформацію лише стільки часу, скільки потрібно, щоб надати Вам потрібну послугу. Які дані ми зберігаємо, ми захистимо комерційно прийнятні засоби для запобігання втраті та крадіжці, а також несанкціонованого доступу, розкриття, копіювання, використання або модифікації.
Ми не надаємо жодної особистої інформації публічно або з третіми сторонами, за винятком випадків, коли це вимагається законом.
Ви можете вільно відмовитися від нашого запиту щодо вашої особистої інформації, розуміючи, що ми не можемо надати вам потрібні послуги.
Ваше подальше використання нашої програми буде вважатися прийняттям нашої практики щодо конфіденційності та особистої інформації. Якщо у Вас виникли запитання про те, як ми обробляємо дані користувача та особисту інформацію, не соромтеся звертатися до нас
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Ця політика діє з 01 жовтня 2020 року.
Slovak
Zásady ochrany osobných údajov
Vaše súkromie je pre nás dôležité. to je HoofInnovation dodržiavať vaše súkromie v súvislosti s akýmikoľvek informáciami, ktoré môžeme zhromaždiť od nás v mobilnej aplikácii "HoofmApp"
Žiadame iba o osobné informácie, keď skutočne potrebujeme, aby vám poskytli službu. Zhromažďujeme ho spravodlivými a zákonnými prostriedkami, s vašimi vedomosťami a súhlasom. Dali sme tiež vedieť, prečo ju zhromažďujeme a ako sa bude používať.
Zbierame iba zbierané informácie tak dlho, ako je potrebné, aby sme vám poskytli požadovanú službu. Aké údaje uchovávame, chráníme v rámci komerčne prijateľných prostriedkov, aby sme zabránili strate a krádeži, ako aj neoprávnenému prístupu, zverejneniu, kopírovaniu, používaniu alebo modifikácii.
Osobné identifikačné informácie nesieme verejne ani s tretími stranami, s výnimkou prípadov, keď to vyžaduje zákon.
Môžete slobodne odmietnuť našu žiadosť o vaše osobné informácie s tým, že vám nebudeme môcť poskytnúť niektoré z vašich požadovaných služieb.
Pokračovanie v používaní našej aplikácie bude považované za prijatie našich postupov v oblasti ochrany osobných údajov a osobných údajov. Ak máte akékoľvek otázky týkajúce sa spôsobu spracovania údajov používateľov a osobných údajov, neváhajte nás kontaktovať
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Táto politika je účinná od 01. októbra 2020.
Polish
Polityka prywatności
Twoja prywatność jest dla nas ważna. To jest HoofInnovation polityka szanująca twoją prywatność w odniesieniu do wszelkich informacji, które możemy zebrać od Ciebie w naszej aplikacji mobilnej "HoofmApp"
Prosimy o podanie danych osobowych tylko wtedy, gdy naprawdę tego potrzebujemy, aby świadczyć ci usługi. Zbieramy go uczciwymi i zgodnymi z prawem środkami, za wiedzą i zgodą. Dajemy Ci również znać, dlaczego je zbieramy i jak będą używane.
Przechowujemy tylko zebrane informacje tak długo, jak to konieczne, aby zapewnić Tobie żądaną usługę. Jakie przechowujemy dane, będziemy chronić w ramach akceptowalnych z handlowego punktu widzenia sposobów zapobiegania stratom i kradzieży, a także nieautoryzowanego dostępu, ujawniania, kopiowania, używania lub modyfikacji.
Nie udostępniamy żadnych informacji umożliwiających osobistą identyfikację publicznie lub stronom trzecim, chyba że jest to wymagane przez prawo.
Możesz odrzucić naszą prośbę o podanie swoich danych osobowych, rozumiejąc, że możemy nie być w stanie zapewnić Ci niektórych z Twoich usług.
Dalsze korzystanie z naszej aplikacji będzie uważane za akceptację naszych praktyk dotyczących prywatności i danych osobowych. Jeśli masz pytania dotyczące sposobu przetwarzania danych użytkowników i danych osobowych, skontaktuj się z nami
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Ta polityka obowiązuje od 01 października 2020 r.
Hungarian
Adatvédelmi irányelvek
A magánéleted fontos számunkra. Ez HoofInnovation az adatvédelmi politika tiszteletben tartása a mobilalkalmazásunkon keresztül gyűjtött információkra vonatkozóan "HoofmApp"
Csak személyes adatokat kérünk, ha valóban szükségünk van rá, hogy szolgáltatást nyújtsunk Önnek. Ezeket tisztességes és törvényes eszközökkel gyűjtjük, tudásunkkal és beleegyezésével. Azt is tudjuk, hogy miért gyűjtjük és hogyan használjuk fel.
Az összegyűjtött információkat csak addig tartjuk meg, amíg az szükséges az Ön által kért szolgáltatás nyújtásához. Milyen adatokat tárolunk, kereskedelmi szempontból elfogadható módon védjük a veszteség és a lopás megelőzését, valamint a jogosulatlan hozzáférést, nyilvánosságra hozatalt, másolást, felhasználást vagy módosításokat.
Nem osztunk meg személyesen azonosító információkat nyilvánosan vagy harmadik felekkel, kivéve, ha azt a törvény előírja.
Ön szabadon utasíthatja el személyes adatait, azzal a feltétellel, hogy nem tudjuk biztosítani a kívánt szolgáltatásokat.
Alkalmazásaink folyamatos használatát az adatvédelmi és személyes adatokkal kapcsolatos gyakorlatunk elfogadásának tekintjük. Ha bármilyen kérdése van a felhasználói adatok és személyes adatok kezelésével kapcsolatban, lépjen kapcsolatba velünk
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Ez a politika 2020. október 01-től érvényes.
Hindi
गोपनीयता नीति
आपकी निजता हमारे लिए महत्वपूर्ण है। यह है HoofInnovationआपके मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन पर हम आपसे जो भी जानकारी एकत्र कर सकते हैं, उसके बारे में आपकी गोपनीयता का सम्मान करने की नीति "HoofmApp"
हम केवल व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के लिए पूछते हैं जब हमें वास्तव में आपको एक सेवा प्रदान करने की आवश्यकता होती है। हम इसे आपके ज्ञान और सहमति के साथ उचित और वैध तरीकों से इकट्ठा करते हैं। हम आपको यह भी बताते हैं कि हम इसे क्यों एकत्र कर रहे हैं और इसका उपयोग कैसे किया जाएगा।
हम केवल आपके द्वारा अनुरोधित सेवा प्रदान करने के लिए आवश्यक जानकारी एकत्र करते हैं। हम जो डेटा संग्रहीत करते हैं, हम नुकसान और चोरी को रोकने के लिए व्यावसायिक रूप से स्वीकार्य साधनों की रक्षा करेंगे, साथ ही अनधिकृत पहुंच, प्रकटीकरण, प्रतिलिपि, उपयोग या संशोधन।
जब भी कानून की आवश्यकता होती है, तब हम सार्वजनिक रूप से या तीसरे पक्ष के साथ किसी भी व्यक्तिगत रूप से पहचान करने वाली जानकारी साझा नहीं करते हैं।
आप अपनी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के लिए हमारे अनुरोध को अस्वीकार करने के लिए स्वतंत्र हैं, इस समझ के साथ कि हम आपको आपकी कुछ वांछित सेवाएं प्रदान करने में असमर्थ हो सकते हैं।
हमारे ऐप के आपके निरंतर उपयोग को गोपनीयता और व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के आसपास हमारी प्रथाओं की स्वीकृति के रूप में माना जाएगा। यदि आपके पास कोई सवाल है कि हम उपयोगकर्ता डेटा और व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को कैसे संभालते हैं, तो हमसे संपर्क करने में संकोच न करें
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
यह नीति 01 अक्टूबर 2020 तक प्रभावी है।
Czech
Zásady ochrany osobních údajů
Vaše soukromí je pro nás důležité. to je HoofInnovation respektovat vaše soukromí ve vztahu k jakýmkoli informacím, které můžeme shromáždit z naší mobilní aplikace"HoofmApp"
Požádáme jen o osobní informace, když opravdu potřebujeme, abychom vám poskytli službu. Sbíráme je spravedlivými a zákonnými prostředky s vaší znalostí a souhlasem. Dále vám sdělujeme, proč je shromažďujeme a jak bude použito.
Uchováváme shromážděné informace jen tak dlouho, jak je potřeba, abychom vám poskytli požadovanou službu. Jaké údaje ukládáme, chráníme v rámci komerčně přijatelných prostředků, abychom zabránili ztrátě a krádeži, stejně jako neoprávněnému přístupu, odhalení, kopírování, použití nebo úpravám.
Nesdílíme žádné osobní identifikační údaje veřejně ani s třetími stranami, s výjimkou případů, kdy to vyžaduje zákon.
Máte svobodu odmítnout naši žádost o vaše osobní údaje s tím, že vám nebudeme moci poskytnout některé z vašich požadovaných služeb.
Vaše další používání naší aplikace bude považováno za přijetí našich postupů v oblasti soukromí a osobních údajů. Máte-li jakékoli dotazy ohledně toho, jak zpracováváme uživatelská data a osobní informace, neváhejte nás kontaktovat
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Tato politika je účinná od 01. října 2020.
Croatian
Pravila o privatnosti
Vaša privatnost nam je važna. to je HoofInnovation pravila o poštivanju vaše privatnosti u odnosu na sve informacije koje možemo prikupiti od vas putem naše mobilne aplikacije "HoofmApp"
Tražimo samo osobne podatke kada nam je to stvarno potrebno za pružanje usluge. Prikupljamo je poštenim i zakonitim sredstvima, uz vaše znanje i pristanak. Također vas obavještavamo zašto ga prikupljamo i kako ćemo ga koristiti.
Prikupljene podatke zadržavamo samo onoliko dugo koliko je potrebno da vam pružimo traženu uslugu. Koje podatke pohranjujemo, štitit ćemo u komercijalno prihvatljivom načinu kako bismo spriječili gubitak i krađu, kao i neovlašteni pristup, otkrivanje, kopiranje, upotrebu ili izmjenu.
Ne dijelimo nikakve osobne identifikacijske informacije javno ili s trećim stranama, osim kada to zahtijeva zakon.
Slobodni ste odbiti naš zahtjev za vašim osobnim podacima, s razumijevanjem da vam možda ne možemo pružiti neke od željenih usluga.
Vaša daljnja upotreba naše aplikacije smatrat će se prihvaćanjem naših praksi u pogledu privatnosti i osobnih podataka. Ako imate pitanja o tome kako postupamo s korisničkim podacima i osobnim podacima, slobodno nas kontaktirajte
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Ova politika stupa na snagu 01. listopada 2020. godine.
Catalan
Política de privacitat
La vostra privadesa és important per a nosaltres. És HoofInnovation política per respectar la vostra privadesa quant a la informació que puguem recollir a través de la nostra aplicació mòbil "HoofmApp"
Només demanem informació personal quan realment necessitem que us proporcioni un servei. Ho recopilem per mitjans justos i legals, amb el vostre coneixement i consentiment. També us informem per què l'estem recollint i com s'utilitzarà.
Només conservem la informació recollida durant el temps que sigui necessari per proporcionar-vos el vostre servei sol·licitat. Quines dades emmagatzemem, protegirem en els mitjans comercialment acceptables per evitar pèrdues i robatoris, així com l'accés no autoritzat, la divulgació, la còpia, l'ús o la modificació.
No compartim cap informació d'identificació personal de manera pública o amb tercers, excepte quan ho requereix per llei.
Podeu denegar la sol·licitud de la vostra informació personal, entenent que és possible que no puguem proporcionar-vos alguns dels serveis desitjats.
El vostre ús continu de la nostra aplicació es considerarà com a acceptació de les nostres pràctiques sobre la privadesa i la informació personal. Si teniu cap pregunta sobre com gestionem les dades d'usuari i la vostra informació personal, no dubteu a contactar-nos
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Aquesta política és efectiva a partir del 01 d'octubre de 2020.
Chinese
隐私政策
您的隐私对我们很重要。 HoofInnovation 的政策是尊重您通过我们的移动应用程序向您收集的任何信息的隐私"HoofmApp"
我们只在真正需要您提供个人信息时向您提供服务。我们在您的知情和同意下，通过公平合法的方式收集。我们还会告诉您我们为什么要收集它以及如何使用它。
我们只会根据需要保留信息，以便为您提供所需的服务。我们存储了哪些数据，我们将在商业上可接受的方式内进行保护，以防止丢失和被盗，以及未经授权的访问，披露，复制，使用或修改。
我们不会公开或与第三方共享任何个人身份信息，除非法律要求。
您可以自由拒绝我们的个人信息请求，但我们可能无法为您提供所需的一些服务。
您继续使用我们的应用程序将被视为接受我们的隐私惯例和个人信息。如果您对我们如何处理用户数据和个人信息有任何疑问，请随时与我们联系.
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
此政策自2020年10月01日起生效。
Danish
Politik til beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger
Dit privatliv er vigtigt for os. Det er HoofInnovation politik at respektere dine personlige oplysninger om enhver information, vi måtte indsamle fra dig på tværs af vores mobile applikation "HoofmApp"
Vi beder kun om personlige oplysninger, når vi virkelig har brug for det til at yde en service til dig. Vi indsamler det ved retfærdige og lovlige midler med din viden og samtykke. Vi fortæller dig også, hvorfor vi samler det og hvordan det bliver brugt.
Vi opbevarer kun indsamlede oplysninger så længe som nødvendigt for at give dig den ønskede service. Hvilke data vi gemmer, vil vi beskytte inden for kommercielt acceptable metoder for at forhindre tab og tyveri samt uautoriseret adgang, offentliggørelse, kopiering, brug eller ændring.
Vi deler ikke personligt identificerende oplysninger offentligt eller med tredjeparter, medmindre det kræves af loven.
Du er fri til at nægte vores anmodning om dine personlige oplysninger, med den forståelse, at vi muligvis ikke kan give dig nogle af dine ønskede tjenester.
Din fortsatte brug af vores app vil blive betragtet som accept af vores praksis omkring privatlivets fred og personlige oplysninger. Hvis du har spørgsmål om, hvordan vi håndterer brugerdata og personlige oplysninger, er du velkommen til at kontakte os
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Denne politik er effektiv fra den 01. oktober 2020.
Dutch
Privacybeleid
Uw privacy is belangrijk voor ons. Het is het beleid van HoofInnovationom uw privacy te respecteren met betrekking tot alle informatie die we van u mogen verzamelen via onze mobiele applicatie "HoofmApp"
We vragen alleen om persoonlijke informatie wanneer we deze echt nodig hebben om u van dienst te zijn. We verzamelen het op eerlijke en wettige wijze, met uw kennis en toestemming. We laten u ook weten waarom we het verzamelen en hoe het zal worden gebruikt.
We bewaren verzamelde informatie alleen zolang als nodig is om u de gevraagde service te leveren. Welke gegevens we opslaan, we beschermen met commercieel aanvaardbare middelen om verlies en diefstal te voorkomen, evenals ongeoorloofde toegang, openbaarmaking, kopiëren, gebruik of wijziging.
We delen geen persoonlijk identificeerbare informatie openbaar of met derden, behalve wanneer dit wettelijk verplicht is.
U bent vrij om ons verzoek om uw persoonlijke gegevens te weigeren, met dien verstande dat we mogelijk niet in staat zijn om u een aantal van uw gewenste diensten te leveren.
Uw voortgezet gebruik van onze app zal worden beschouwd als acceptatie van onze praktijken rond privacy en persoonlijke informatie. Als u vragen heeft over hoe wij omgaan met gebruikersgegevens en persoonlijke informatie, neem dan gerust contact met ons op
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Dit beleid is van kracht vanaf 01 oktober 2020.
Finnish
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Tietosuoja on meille tärkeä. HoofInnvoation in politiikka on kunnioittaa yksityisyytesi mitä tahansa keräämämme tietoja kohtaan mobiilisovelluksessamme "HoofmApp"
Pyydämme vain henkilökohtaisia ​​tietoja, kun tarvitsemme sitä todella tarjoamaan sinulle palvelua. Keräämme sen oikeudenmukaisin ja laillisin keinoin tietosi ja suostumuksella. Ilmoitamme myös, miksi keräämme sitä ja miten sitä käytetään.
Keräämme vain kerätyt tiedot niin kauan kuin tarvitsemme tarjotaksemme pyydettyä palvelua. Millaisia ​​tietoja tallennetaan, suojelemme kaupallisesti hyväksyttäviä keinoja estääksesi tappiot ja varkaudet sekä luvattoman käytön, paljastamisen, kopioimisen, käytön tai muuttamisen.
Emme jakaa henkilökohtaisia ​​tunnistetietoja julkisesti tai kolmansien osapuolten kanssa, paitsi jos lain edellytetään.
Voit vapaasti kieltäytyä pyytämästäsi henkilötietojasi ymmärtääksemme, ettemme ehkä pysty tarjoamaan sinulle joitain haluamillesi palveluille.
Sovelluksen jatkuvaa käyttöä pidetään hyväksyntänä käytäntöjemme ympärillä yksityisyyttä ja henkilökohtaisia ​​tietoja. Jos sinulla on kysyttävää siitä, miten käsittelemme käyttäjätietoja ja henkilökohtaisia ​​tietoja, ota
hoofinnovations@gmail.comyhteytt
ä.
Tämä käytäntö on voimassa 01. lokakuuta 2020 lähtien.
French
Politique de confidentialité
Votre vie privée est importante pour nous. La politique de HoofInnovation est de respecter votre vie privée à l’égard des informations que nous recueillons à votre sujet via notre application mobile "HoofmApp"
Nous ne demandons des informations personnelles que lorsque nous en avons vraiment besoin pour vous fournir un service. Nous le recueillons par des moyens justes et légaux, avec votre connaissance et votre consentement. Nous vous expliquons également pourquoi nous le collectons et comment il sera utilisé.
Nous ne conservons les informations collectées que le temps nécessaire pour vous fournir le service demandé. Les données que nous stockons sont protégées par des moyens commercialement acceptables afin d’empêcher la perte et le vol, ainsi que par les accès, divulgations, copies, utilisations ou modifications non autorisés.
Nous ne partageons aucune information permettant de vous identifier personnellement, que ce soit publiquement ou avec des tiers, sauf si la loi l'exige.
Vous êtes libre de refuser notre demande d'informations personnelles, sachant que nous pourrions ne pas être en mesure de vous fournir certains des services souhaités.
Votre utilisation continue de notre application sera considérée comme une acceptation de nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité et d'informations personnelles. Si vous avez des questions sur la manière dont nous traitons les données des utilisateurs et les informations personnelles, n'hésitez pas à nous contacter
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Cette politique entre en vigueur le 01 octobre 2020.
German
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Ihre Privatsphäre ist uns wichtig. Es ist die Politik von HoofInnovation, Ihre Privatsphäre in Bezug auf Informationen, die wir über unsere mobile Anwendung "HoofmApp" sammeln, zu respektieren.
Wir fragen nur nach persönlichen Informationen, wenn wir sie wirklich benötigen, um Ihnen einen Service zu bieten. Wir sammeln sie auf faire und legale Weise, mit Ihrem Wissen und Ihrer Zustimmung. Wir lassen Sie auch wissen, warum wir es sammeln und wie es verwendet wird.
Wir speichern die gesammelten Informationen nur so lange, wie es notwendig ist, um Ihnen den gewünschten Service zu bieten. Welche Daten wir speichern, wir schützen sie mit kommerziell akzeptablen Mitteln, um Verlust und Diebstahl sowie unberechtigten Zugriff, Offenlegung, Vervielfältigung, Verwendung oder Änderung zu verhindern.
Wir teilen keine personenbezogenen Daten öffentlich oder mit Dritten, außer wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist.
Es steht Ihnen frei, unsere Anfrage nach Ihren persönlichen Daten zu verweigern, mit dem Verständnis, dass wir Ihnen möglicherweise einige Ihrer gewünschten Dienstleistungen nicht bieten können.
Ihre fortgesetzte Nutzung unserer App wird als Akzeptanz unserer Praktiken in Bezug auf Privatsphäre und persönliche Informationen angesehen. Wenn Sie Fragen dazu haben, wie wir mit Nutzerdaten und persönlichen Informationen umgehen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Diese Richtlinie tritt am 01. Oktober 2020 in Kraft.
Greek
Πολιτική απορρήτου
Η ιδιωτική σας ζωή είναι σημαντική για εμάς. Είναι η πολιτική του HoofInnovationνα σέβεται το απόρρητό σας όσον αφορά τις πληροφορίες που ενδέχεται να συλλέξουμε από εσάς μέσω της εφαρμογής "HoofmApp" για κινητά
Ζητάμε μόνο προσωπικές πληροφορίες, όταν πραγματικά χρειαζόμαστε για να σας παρέχουμε μια υπηρεσία. Τη συλλέγουμε με δίκαια και νόμιμα μέσα, με τις γνώσεις και τη συγκατάθεσή σας. Σας ενημερώνουμε επίσης γιατί συλλέγουμε και πώς θα χρησιμοποιηθεί.
Διατηρούμε μόνο τις συλλεγμένες πληροφορίες για όσο χρονικό διάστημα είναι απαραίτητο για να σας παρέχουμε την υπηρεσία που ζητήσατε. Ποια δεδομένα αποθηκεύουμε, θα προστατεύσουμε με εμπορικά αποδεκτά μέσα για την αποφυγή απώλειας και κλοπής, καθώς και μη εξουσιοδοτημένης πρόσβασης, αποκάλυψης, αντιγραφής, χρήσης ή τροποποίησης.
Δεν μοιραζόμαστε προσωπικά στοιχεία ταυτοποίησης δημοσίως ή με τρίτους, εκτός εάν απαιτείται από το νόμο.
Είστε ελεύθεροι να απορρίψετε το αίτημά μας για τα προσωπικά σας στοιχεία, με την προϋπόθεση ότι ενδέχεται να μην μπορούμε να σας παρέχουμε μερικές από τις υπηρεσίες που επιθυμείτε.
Η συνεχιζόμενη χρήση της εφαρμογής μας θα θεωρείται ως αποδοχή των πρακτικών μας γύρω από το απόρρητο και τις προσωπικές πληροφορίες. Εάν έχετε οποιεσδήποτε ερωτήσεις σχετικά με το πώς χειριζόμαστε τα δεδομένα χρήστη και τις προσωπικές πληροφορίες, μη διστάσετε να επικοινωνήσετε μαζί μας στο
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Αυτή η πολιτική ισχύει από τις 01 Οκτωβρίου 2020.
Indonesian
Kebijakan Privasi
Privasi Anda penting bagi kami. Adalah kebijakan HoofInnovationuntuk menghormati privasi Anda mengenai informasi apa pun yang kami dapat kumpulkan dari Anda di seluruh aplikasi seluler kami "HoofmApp"
Kami hanya meminta informasi pribadi ketika kami benar-benar membutuhkannya untuk memberikan layanan kepada Anda. Kami mengumpulkannya dengan cara yang adil dan sah, dengan sepengetahuan dan persetujuan Anda. Kami juga memberi tahu Anda mengapa kami mengumpulkannya dan bagaimana itu akan digunakan.
Kami hanya menyimpan informasi yang dikumpulkan selama yang diperlukan untuk memberi Anda layanan yang diminta. Data apa yang kami simpan, kami akan melindungi dengan cara yang dapat diterima secara komersial untuk mencegah kehilangan dan pencurian, serta akses, pengungkapan, menyalin, menggunakan, atau modifikasi yang tidak sah.
Kami tidak membagikan informasi pengenal pribadi apa pun secara publik atau dengan pihak ketiga, kecuali bila diwajibkan oleh hukum.
Anda bebas untuk menolak permintaan kami untuk informasi pribadi Anda, dengan pemahaman bahwa kami mungkin tidak dapat memberi Anda beberapa layanan yang Anda inginkan.
Penggunaan aplikasi kami secara terus-menerus akan dianggap sebagai penerimaan praktik kami seputar privasi dan informasi pribadi. Jika Anda memiliki pertanyaan tentang bagaimana kami menangani data pengguna dan informasi pribadi, jangan ragu untuk menghubungi kami
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Kebijakan ini berlaku mulai 01 Oktober 2020.
Italian
Informativa sulla privacy
La tua privacy è importante per noi. È politica di HoofInnovation rispettare la tua privacy in merito a qualsiasi informazione che possiamo raccogliere da te attraverso la nostra applicazione mobile "HoofmApp"
Chiediamo informazioni personali solo quando ne abbiamo veramente bisogno per fornirti un servizio. Lo raccogliamo con mezzi equi e legali, con la tua conoscenza e il tuo consenso. Ti facciamo anche sapere perché lo stiamo raccogliendo e come verrà utilizzato.
Conserviamo le informazioni raccolte solo per il tempo necessario a fornirti il ​​servizio richiesto. Quali dati vengono archiviati, proteggiamo con mezzi commercialmente accettabili per prevenire perdite e furti, nonché l'accesso non autorizzato, la divulgazione, la copia, l'uso o la modifica.
Non condividiamo alcuna informazione di identificazione personale pubblicamente o con terze parti, tranne quando richiesto dalla legge.
Sei libero di rifiutare la nostra richiesta di informazioni personali, con la consapevolezza che potremmo non essere in grado di fornirti alcuni dei tuoi servizi desiderati.
Il tuo uso continuato della nostra app sarà considerato come accettazione delle nostre pratiche in materia di privacy e informazioni personali. Se avete domande su come gestiamo i dati degli utenti e le informazioni personali, non esitate a contattarci
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Questa politica è efficace dal 01 ottobre 2020.
Japanese
プライバシーポリシー
あなたのプライバシーは私たちにとって重要です。 HoofInnovation のポリシーは、モバイルアプリケーション"HoofmApp"を介してお客様から収集した情報に関するお客様のプライバシーを尊重することです。
私たちは、あなたにサービスを提供するために本当に必要な場合にのみ、個人情報を求めます。私たちはあなたの知識と同意を得て公正かつ合法的にそれを収集します。また、収集する理由と使用方法についてもお知らせします。
収集された情報は、お客様の要求されたサービスを提供するために必要な期間だけ保持されます。私たちがどのようなデータを保存するかは、盗難や不正アクセス、開示、コピー、使用、変更を防ぐため、商業的に受け入れられる手段で保護します。
法律で要求されている場合を除き、個人情報を一般または第三者と共有することはありません。
ご希望のサービスの一部を提供できない可能性があることをご理解のうえ、お客様の個人情報のリクエストを拒否することは自由です。
あなたのアプリを引き続き使用することは、プライバシーと個人情報に関する当社の実践を受け入れるものとみなされます。ユーザーデータと個人情報の取り扱いに関するご質問は、
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
までご連絡ください。
このポリシーは2020年10月01日に発効します。
Korean
개인 정보 보호 정책
귀하의 개인 정보는 우리에게 중요합니다. HoofInnovation 의 모바일 응용 프로그램 "HoofmApp"에서 수집 할 수있는 정보와 관련하여 귀하의 개인 정보를 존중하는 정책입니다.
개인 정보는 귀하에게 서비스를 제공하기 위해 필요할 때만 요구합니다. 우리는 귀하의 지식과 동의하에 공정하고 합법적 인 방법으로이를 수집합니다. 우리가 수집하는 이유와 수집 방법에 대해서도 알려줍니다.
Google은 요청한 서비스를 제공하는 데 필요한만큼 수집 된 정보 만 보유합니다. 우리가 저장하는 데이터는 상업적으로 허용되는 범위 내에서 분실 및 도난뿐만 아니라 무단 액세스, 공개, 복사, 사용 또는 수정을 방지하기 위해 보호합니다.
법으로 요구되는 경우를 제외하고 개인 정보를 공개적으로 또는 제 3 자와 공유하지 않습니다.
귀하가 원하는 서비스를 제공하지 못할 수도 있음을 이해하고 귀하의 개인 정보 요청을 거부 할 수 있습니다.
앱을 계속 사용하는 것은 개인 정보 및 개인 정보에 대한 관행을 수용하는 것으로 간주됩니다. Google에서 사용자 데이터 및 개인 정보를 처리하는 방법에 대해 궁금한 점이 있으면
언제든지hoofinnovations@gmail.com
에 문의하십시오.
이 정책은 2020 년 10 월 01 일부터 적용됩니다.
Malay
Dasar Privasi
Privasi anda adalah penting kepada kami. Dasar HoofInnovation untuk menghormati privasi anda mengenai apa-apa maklumat yang mungkin kami kumpulkan daripada anda merentasi aplikasi mudah alih kami "HoofmApp"
Kami hanya meminta maklumat peribadi apabila kami benar-benar memerlukannya untuk menyediakan perkhidmatan kepada anda. Kami mengumpulnya dengan cara yang adil dan sah, dengan pengetahuan dan persetujuan anda. Kami juga memberitahu anda mengapa kami mengumpulnya dan bagaimana ia akan digunakan.
Kami hanya menyimpan maklumat yang dikumpul selagi perlu untuk menyediakan perkhidmatan yang anda mahukan. Data yang kami simpan, kami akan melindungi dalam cara yang boleh diterima secara komersial untuk mengelakkan kerugian dan kecurian, serta akses tanpa kebenaran, penzahiran, penyalinan, penggunaan atau pengubahsuaian.
Kami tidak berkongsi apa-apa maklumat mengenal pasti secara peribadi secara umum atau dengan pihak ketiga, kecuali jika dikehendaki oleh undang-undang.
Anda bebas menolak permintaan kami untuk maklumat peribadi anda, dengan pemahaman bahawa kami mungkin tidak dapat memberikan anda beberapa perkhidmatan yang anda inginkan.
Penggunaan berterusan aplikasi kami akan dianggap sebagai penerimaan amalan kami di sekitar privasi dan maklumat peribadi. Sekiranya anda mempunyai sebarang pertanyaan tentang bagaimana kami mengendalikan data pengguna dan maklumat peribadi, sila hubungi kami
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Dasar ini berkuat kuasa pada 01 Oktober 2020.
Norwegian
Personvernregler
Personvernet ditt er viktig for oss. Det er HoofInnovation policy å respektere personvernet ditt om all informasjon vi kan samle inn fra deg på tvers av mobilapplikasjonen "HoofmApp"
Vi ber bare om personlig informasjon når vi virkelig trenger det for å yte en tjeneste til deg. Vi samler det på rettferdige og lovlige måter, med din kunnskap og samtykke. Vi forteller deg også hvorfor vi samler det og hvordan det blir brukt.
Vi beholder kun innhentet informasjon så lenge som nødvendig for å gi deg den forespurte tjenesten. Hvilke data vi lagrer, vil vi beskytte innenfor kommersielt akseptable metoder for å forhindre tap og tyveri, samt uautorisert tilgang, avsløring, kopiering, bruk eller endring.
Vi deler ikke personlig identifiserende informasjon offentlig eller med tredjeparter, unntatt når det kreves av loven.
Du er fri til å nekte vår forespørsel om din personlige informasjon, med forståelse for at vi kanskje ikke kan gi deg noen av dine ønskede tjenester.
Din fortsatte bruk av vår app vil bli vurdert som aksept av vår praksis rundt personvern og personlig informasjon. Hvis du har spørsmål om hvordan vi håndterer brukerdata og personlig informasjon, kan du kontakte oss
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Denne policyen gjelder fra 01. oktober 2020.
Portuguese
Política de Privacidade
Sua privacidade é importante para nós. É política de HoofInnovation respeitar sua privacidade em relação a qualquer informação que possamos coletar de você em nosso aplicativo móvel "HoofmApp"
Pedimos apenas informações pessoais quando realmente precisamos fornecer um serviço para você. Nós coletamos por meios justos e legais, com o seu conhecimento e consentimento. Também informamos por que estamos coletando e como será usado.
Somente retemos as informações coletadas pelo tempo necessário para fornecer o serviço solicitado. Quais dados que armazenamos, protegemos de maneira comercialmente aceitável para evitar perda e roubo, bem como acesso não autorizado, divulgação, cópia, uso ou modificação.
Não compartilhamos nenhuma informação de identificação pessoal publicamente ou com terceiros, exceto quando exigido por lei.
Você é livre para recusar a solicitação de suas informações pessoais, com o entendimento de que talvez não possamos lhe fornecer alguns de seus serviços desejados.
Seu uso continuado de nosso aplicativo será considerado como aceitação de nossas práticas em relação à privacidade e às informações pessoais. Se você tiver alguma dúvida sobre como lidamos com dados de usuários e informações pessoais, sinta-se à vontade para entrar em contato conosco
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Esta política entra em vigor em 01 de outubro de 2020.
Russian
Политика конфиденциальности
Ваша конфиденциальность важна для нас. Политика HoofInnovation уважать вашу конфиденциальность в отношении любой информации, которую мы можем собирать у вас в нашем мобильном приложении "HoofmApp"
Мы запрашиваем только личную информацию, когда мы действительно нуждаемся в ней, чтобы предоставить вам услугу. Мы собираем его честными и законными средствами, с вашими знаниями и согласием. Мы также сообщим вам, почему мы собираем его и как он будет использоваться.
Мы сохраняем только собранную информацию до тех пор, пока вам необходимо предоставить вам запрошенную услугу. Какие данные мы храним, мы будем защищать в коммерчески приемлемых средствах предотвращения потерь и краж, а также несанкционированного доступа, раскрытия, копирования, использования или модификации.
Мы не передаем личную идентификационную информацию публично или третьим лицам, кроме случаев, когда это требуется законом.
Вы можете отказаться от нашего запроса на вашу личную информацию с пониманием того, что мы не сможем предоставить вам некоторые из ваших желаемых услуг.
Ваше дальнейшее использование нашего приложения будет рассматриваться как принятие наших практик в отношении конфиденциальности и личной информации. Если у вас есть вопросы о том, как мы обрабатываем пользовательские данные и личную информацию, не стесняйтесь обращаться к нам
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Эта политика действует с 01 октября 2020 года.
Spanish
Política de privacidad
Su privacidad es importante para nosotros. La política de HoofInnovation es respetar su privacidad con respecto a cualquier información que podamos recopilar de usted a través de nuestra aplicación móvil "HoofmApp"
Solo solicitamos información personal cuando realmente la necesitamos para brindarle un servicio. Lo recopilamos por medios justos y legales, con su conocimiento y consentimiento. También le informamos por qué lo estamos recolectando y cómo se utilizará.
Solo conservamos la información recopilada durante el tiempo que sea necesario para brindarle el servicio solicitado. Los datos que almacenemos los protegeremos con medios comercialmente aceptables para evitar pérdidas y robos, así como el acceso, divulgación, copia, uso o modificación no autorizados.
No compartimos ninguna información de identificación personal pública o con terceros, excepto cuando lo exija la ley.
Usted es libre de rechazar nuestra solicitud de su información personal, en el entendido de que es posible que no podamos proporcionarle algunos de los servicios que desea.
Su uso continuado de nuestra aplicación se considerará como aceptación de nuestras prácticas sobre privacidad e información personal. Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre cómo manejamos los datos de usuario y la información personal, no dude en contactarnos
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Esta política es efectiva a partir del 01 de octubre de 2020.
Swedish
Sekretesspolicy
Din integritet är viktig för oss. Det är HoofInnovation policy att respektera din integritet när det gäller all information vi kan samla in från dig över vår mobila applikation "HoofmApp"
Vi begär bara personlig information när vi verkligen behöver det för att ge dig en tjänst. Vi samlar det på rättvisa och lagliga sätt, med din kunskap och samtycke. Vi meddelar dig också varför vi samlar det och hur det ska användas.
Vi behåller endast samlad information så länge som nödvändigt för att ge dig den begärda tjänsten. Vilka data vi lagrar skyddar vi inom kommersiellt acceptabla sätt för att förhindra förlust och stöld, såväl obehörig åtkomst som avslöjande, kopiering, användning eller modifiering.
Vi delar inte personligt identifierande information offentligt eller med tredje part, utom när det krävs enligt lag.
Du kan vägra vår begäran om din personliga information, med förståelsen att vi kanske inte kan ge dig några av dina önskade tjänster.
Din fortsatta användning av vår app kommer att betraktas som acceptans av våra rutiner kring sekretess och personlig information. Om du har några frågor om hur vi hanterar användardata och personlig information, kontakta gärna oss
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Denna policy gäller från och med den 01 oktober 2020.
Thai
นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว
ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณเป็นสิ่งสำคัญสำหรับเรา นโยบายของ HoofInnovationเคารพในความเป็นส่วนตัวของคุณเกี่ยวกับข้อมูลใด ๆ ที่เราอาจรวบรวมจากคุณผ่านแอปพลิเคชันมือถือของเรา "HoofmApp"
เราต้องการข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเมื่อเราต้องการให้บริการเท่านั้น เราเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลด้วยความยุติธรรมและถูกต้องตามกฎหมายด้วยความรู้และยินยอมของคุณ นอกจากนี้เรายังแจ้งให้คุณทราบว่าเหตุใดเราจึงรวบรวมข้อมูลและใช้งานอย่างไร
เราเก็บเฉพาะข้อมูลที่รวบรวมไว้ได้นานเท่าที่จำเป็นเพื่อให้บริการที่คุณต้องการ ข้อมูลใดที่เราจัดเก็บไว้เราจะปกป้องข้อมูลภายในที่ยอมรับได้ในเชิงพาณิชย์เพื่อป้องกันการสูญเสียและการโจรกรรมตลอดจนการเข้าถึงการเปิดเผยคัดลอกการใช้หรือการปรับเปลี่ยนโดยไม่ได้รับอนุญาต
เราไม่เปิดเผยข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลใด ๆ ที่เผยแพร่ต่อสาธารณะกับบุคคลที่สามยกเว้นในกรณีที่กฎหมายกำหนดไว้
คุณมีสิทธิ์ที่จะปฏิเสธคำขอข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณด้วยความเข้าใจว่าเราอาจไม่สามารถให้บริการบางอย่างแก่คุณได้
การใช้งานแอปของเราต่อเนื่องจะถือว่าเป็นการยอมรับการปฏิบัติของเราเกี่ยวกับข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลและข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล หากคุณมีคำถามใด ๆ เกี่ยวกับวิธีจัดการข้อมูลผู้ใช้และข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลโปรดติดต่อ
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
นโยบายนี้มีผลตั้งแต่วันที่ 01 ตุลาคม พ.ศ. 2561
Turkish
Gizlilik Politikası
Gizliliğiniz bizim için önemlidir. HoofInnovation 'in mobil uygulamanız "HoofmApp"'de sizden toplayabileceğimiz herhangi bir bilgi ile ilgili gizliliğinize saygı gösterme politikasıdır.
Sadece size bir hizmet sunmak için gerçekten ihtiyaç duyduğumuzda kişisel bilgi isteriz. Bilginiz ve rızanız ile adil ve yasal yollarla toplarız. Ayrıca, niçin toplanacağımızı ve nasıl kullanılacağını da size bildiririz.
Sadece toplanan bilgileri, istediğiniz hizmeti size sağlamak için gerektiği sürece koruruz. Hangi verileri saklarsak, kayıp ve çalınmayı engellemek için ticari olarak kabul edilebilir yollarla ve yetkisiz erişim, açıklama, kopyalama, kullanma veya değiştirme işlemlerini koruyacağız.
Yasal olarak gerekmediği durumlar dışında, kişisel olarak tanımlayıcı herhangi bir bilgiyi herkesle veya üçüncü taraflarla paylaşmayız.
İstediğiniz hizmetlerden bazılarını size sağlayamadığımızı anlayarak, kişisel bilgileriniz için isteğimizi reddedebilirsiniz.
Uygulamamızı kullanmaya devam etmeniz, kişisel gizlilik ve kişisel bilgiler hakkındaki uygulamalarımızın kabulü olarak kabul edilecektir. Kullanıcı verilerini ve kişisel bilgileri nasıl kullandığımız hakkında herhangi bir sorunuz varsa, bizimle iletişime geçmekten çekinmeyin
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Bu politika 01 Ekim 2020 tarihinden itibaren geçerlidir.
Vietnamese
Chính sách bảo mật
Quyền riêng tư của bạn rất quan trọng đối với chúng tôi. Chính sách của HoofInnovation tôn trọng quyền riêng tư của bạn về bất kỳ thông tin nào chúng tôi có thể thu thập từ bạn trên ứng dụng di động của chúng tôi "HoofmApp"
Chúng tôi chỉ yêu cầu thông tin cá nhân khi chúng tôi thực sự cần thông tin đó để cung cấp dịch vụ cho bạn. Chúng tôi thu thập nó bằng các phương tiện công bằng và hợp pháp, với kiến ​​thức và sự đồng ý của bạn. Chúng tôi cũng cho bạn biết lý do chúng tôi thu thập và cách sử dụng nó.
Chúng tôi chỉ giữ lại thông tin được thu thập miễn là cần thiết để cung cấp cho bạn dịch vụ bạn yêu cầu. Dữ liệu chúng tôi lưu trữ, chúng tôi sẽ bảo vệ trong các phương tiện được chấp nhận thương mại để ngăn chặn mất mát và trộm cắp, cũng như truy cập, tiết lộ, sao chép, sử dụng hoặc sửa đổi trái phép.
Chúng tôi không chia sẻ công khai bất kỳ thông tin nhận dạng cá nhân nào hoặc với bên thứ ba, trừ khi được pháp luật yêu cầu.
Bạn có quyền từ chối yêu cầu thông tin cá nhân của chúng tôi, với sự hiểu biết rằng chúng tôi có thể không cung cấp cho bạn một số dịch vụ mong muốn của bạn.
Việc bạn tiếp tục sử dụng ứng dụng của chúng tôi sẽ được coi là chấp nhận thực tiễn của chúng tôi về quyền riêng tư và thông tin cá nhân. Nếu bạn có bất kỳ câu hỏi nào về cách chúng tôi xử lý dữ liệu người dùng và thông tin cá nhân, vui lòng liên hệ với chúng tôi
hoofinnovations@gmail.com
Chính sách này có hiệu lực kể từ ngày 01 tháng 10 năm 2020.
bottom of page