Privacy
Notice
Last updated
18th November 2024
Xapo Credit, Xapo Bank Limited, and Xapo VASP Limited
Introduction
Xapo Bank Limited ('Xapo Bank'), Xapo VASP Limited ('Xapo VASP') and Xapo Credit Limited ('Xapo Credit') respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Notice applies to how we collect, process, and store your personal data through our online services, our android and ios mobile apps, recipients of our emails, or when you otherwise interact with us. This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal data we obtain, how we use the personal data, and with whom we share it. We also describe your rights, how the law protects you, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
If you are submitting information through our recruitment solution linked to this website, please read carefully our separate
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
.
This Privacy Notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
Section 1 - Purpose
Section 2 - Collection
Section 3 - Third Party Links
Section 4 - Information We Share
Section 5 - Security
Section 6 - Minors
Section 7 - Retention
Section 8 - Your Rights
Section 9 - Updates
Addendum 1 - Third Parties
Addendum 2 - Provider Categories
Addendum 3 - Retention Table
Addendum 4 - AML & KYC
Addendum 5 - Country-Specific Derogations
Addendum 6 - Xapo Credit
1. Purpose of this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice aims to give you information on how Xapo collects and processes your personal data.
It is important that you read this Privacy Notice together with any other Privacy Notice or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data.
This Privacy Notice is supplemented by other privacy policies or notices and is not intended to override them.
In this policy, 'Xapo', "We", "Us" and "Our" collectively refers to Xapo Bank, Xapo VASP and Xapo Credit.
In this Privacy Notice, 'personal data' means any information relating to you as an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the avoidance of doubt, personal data does not include data from which you cannot be identified (which is referred to simply as data, non-personal data, anonymous data, or de-identified data).
In this Privacy Notice, 'processing' means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Identity and the contact details of the controller
For the purposes of the Gibraltar General Data Protection Regulation (Gibraltar GDPR), Gibraltar's data protection law consisting of both the Gibraltar GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2004 (the 'DPA'), Xapo is the data controller and responsible for the personal data that we collect or that you provide to us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or any issue relating to how we collect, use, or disclose personal data, or if you would like us to update information we have about you, you can contact us at:
dpo@xapo.com
You can also contact us :
In writing, at the following postal address: Xapo Bank, Units 1/1, 1/2 and 1/a-1 Casemates Square, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA.
By email at:
dpo@xapo.com
Xapo Bank Limited, a 'credit institution' regulated by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission under the Financial Services Act 2019 with permission number 23171; and
Xapo VASP Limited, a 'distributed ledger technology provider' regulated by the Gibraltar Financial Services commission under the Financial Services Act 2019 with permission number FSC1359B.
Xapo Credit Limited a ‘Moneylender’ regulated by the Government of Gibraltar under the Financial Services (Moneylending) Act.
Contact details of the Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Notice and to inform you how to exercise your rights. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted directly at:
dpo@xapo.com
Return to the top
2. Collecting your personal data
2.1. Categories of data
Type of Data
Purpose / Activity
Lawful basis for processing Inc. Legitimate Interest
Submitted information:
Full legal name
Avatar
User identification/Passport photo
Address
Proof of Address
Proof of source of funds/bank statement
Tax declaration
Payslip
Country of Residence
Passport Issue Date
Passport Expiration Date
Email address
Phone number
Liveness Selfie
Date of Birth
To verify your identity and liveness, to comply with financial crime, and anti-money laundering/combating the financing of terrorism laws, protect against fraud, and to confirm your eligibility to use our services.
A legal obligation, such as the prevention of fraud, misuse of services, or money laundering Fulfilling contracts
Fulfilling contracts
To notify you about changes to our service and Privacy Notice.
Legal obligation to inform you as per Art. 5(1)(a) and 13 of the GDPR.
To comply with a model of automatic exchange of financial account information between tax authorities.*
A legal obligation to cooperate with tax authorities.
To carry out our contractual obligations arising from any transactions that you conduct.
Our legitimate interest, such as to add extra functions in order to provide a better experience.
To provide you with information updates about our services.
Fulfilling contracts.
Liveness Selfie:
Nationality/ citizenship, including racial/ethnic origins
Security identification, for AML purposes
Substantial public interest, as per Article (1K) (5) part (1A) and (9) (2g) of the GDPR
User content:
Customer Service and marketing communications and recommendations.
Ratings and other content that you provide
To carry out our contractual obligations arising from any transactions and any placement of buy or sell bitcoin orders
Fulfilling contracts
To provide a homogenous experience for users on the platform.
Our legitimate interest to improve product services.
To facilitate real time social interactions through our app
Your consent.
To communicate with customers and potential customers via SMS to notify them of critical and important actions which need to be taken.
Our legitimate interest to ensure customers take action on critical requests.
Transactional Data
Transaction Amount
Xapo Internal Originator Data
Xapo Internal Approver Data
Account Number
Beneficiary Data
User ID or Account/Routing Number
Destination User or Institution
BTC Receiving Address
To carry out our contractual obligations arising from any financial transactions.
Fulfilling contracts
To comply with financial crime and anti-money laundering/combating the financing of terrorism laws.
A legal obligation, such as the prevention of fraud and money laundering and the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
To comply with a model of automatic exchange of financial account information between tax authorities.
A legal obligation to cooperate with tax authorities.
Device information:
Browser type and version
Time zone setting
IP address
Operating system
Type of mobile
Unique device identifier
To verify your identity, comply with financial crime laws, tax laws, protect against fraud and to confirm your eligibility.
A legal obligation
To administer, improve and secure our Xapo site and App for internal operations.
Our legitimate interest to provide and improve our products and services, including our Apps and this Site.Types of Data
Geolocation information:
Information that identifies with reasonable specificity your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS, Wi-Fi, etc.
To maintain your eligibility as a Xapo user. **
Fulfilling contracts
To simplify the verification of your registered address during the onboarding process. **
Our legitimate interest to improve our customers’ experience.
To verify users’ location while using our services to combat financial fraud or other fraudulent use of services **
Legal obligations, such as the prevention of fraud, other fraudulent use or misuse of services.
To provide you with location-specific options, functionality, search results, or other location-specific content.
Your consent so as to improve our visitor guidance experience and supply a value-added service to users, depending on the circumstances.
Conversations held with Xapo
Customer Inquiries (voice/message)
Recording of customer placed voice mails
To respond to customer inquiries.
Our legitimate interest (for text conversations) / consent (for audio conversations) to improve customer support.
Marketing Campaigns
Email address
Full legal name
Country of Residence
To provide you with information regarding Xapo products and services, using newsletters, offers etc.
Your consent
Marketing Campaigns (Lookalike Advertising)
Email Address
To find other people that share similar interests and behaviours to you, and to show our advertising to those people when they use particular Social Media Platforms.
Legitimate Interests
First Name, Email Address
To check your voluntary feedback on how to improve our services in order to meet your expectations
Legitimate Interests
Statistical information:
Full uniform resource locators (URL)
Length of visits to certain pages
Clickstream to, through, and from our site (including date and time)
Page response times
Download reports
Page interaction information
Services you viewed or searched for
To administer, improve and secure our Xapo Site and App for internal operations.
Our legitimate interest, such as being efficient about how we develop new products and services or enhance existing services and keep you updated.
To provide you with information about other goods and services.
Our legitimate interest, such as being efficient about how we develop new products and services or enhance existing services and keep you updated.
Criminal convictions
Money laundering/terrorist financing prevention and detection
Substantial public interest, as per Article 1K) (5) part 1A of the Gibraltar Proceeds of Crime  Act 2015 and 9 (2)g) of the GDPR
Biometric data
Money laundering/terrorist financing prevention and detection
Substantial public interest, as per Article 1K) (5) part 1A of the Gibraltar Proceeds of Crime  Act 2015 and 9 (2)g) of the GDPR
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your Personal Data but is not considered Personal Data. This data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website or Mobile App feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your Personal Data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as Personal Data, which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
* The automatic exchange of financial account information between tax authorities shall apply to all our customers, excluding the Xapo customers only making use of our "E-Money" services unless informed otherwise. Nonetheless, all of our customers, including those only making use of our "E-Money" services are subject to applicable laws and regulations which may require us to disclose their information where we are legally required to do so.
** The GPS Location data processing by Xapo shall be mandatory for these purposes or activities for all our customers, excluding the Xapo users only making use of our "E Money" services unless informed otherwise.
2.2. Source of data
Information That We Collect Automatically
We use Personal Data that we collect automatically through cookies and action tags. We also use the information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer the Site, and identify visitors to the Site.
Cookies: We use cookies on our website to collect data about your visit (like usage data, and other information automatically collected from your browser or mobile device; this information may include your IP address; browser type and version; preferred language; geographic location using IP address or the GPS, wireless, or Bluetooth technology on your device; operating system and device) and to allow you to navigate from page to page without having to re-login each time, count visits, and see which areas and features of our website are popular.
Action Tags: We may use action tags to identify some of the pages that you visit and how you use the content on those pages. Action tags collect and transmit this data in a manner that identifies you if you have registered with our website (and are logged into) our Android or iOS Mobile apps. We also may use action tags in our emails to determine whether an email was opened or whether it was forwarded to someone else. When you use our Android or iOS Mobile apps, we may use action tags where you are accessing websites from links in our Android or iOS Mobile apps. These may identify the pages that you visit and how you use the content on those pages.
To learn more about the cookies that we use on our online services, our Android and iOS Mobile apps, as well as to control your cookie settings, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
We use third party analysis tools to collect data about your device and internet connection. That information includes, but is not limited to, the IP address of your computer and/or internet service provider, geolocation, when you access our online services, our Android or iOS Mobile apps, the Internet address of websites from which you link to our online services and from which you came to before landing on our online services, the browser that you are using and your movements on our online services. All of this information is used internally for the purposes of understanding how our online services are being used and to improve them. We also use the data collected via cookies to track the popularity of our online services.
We also use third party analysis tools to collect data about your use of our Android and iOS Mobile apps. The information collected identifies the types and timing of actions you take within our Android and iOS Mobile apps, including installation, registration, uploading, and certain types of navigating. All of this information is used internally for the purpose of understanding how our Android and iOS Mobile apps are being used and improving them. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. We accept no responsibility for the actions of these third-party websites. When you leave our online services, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of every Website you visit.
Your browser settings may allow you to transmit a 'Do Not Track' signal to websites and online services you visit. Like many other websites and online services, we do not currently process or respond to 'Do Not Track' signals from your browser or to other mechanisms that enable choice. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Notice.
Information that we obtain from third parties and publicly available sources
Please find a description in a table format of the
information obtained from third parties in Addendum 1
.
2.3. Legal bases for processing you personal data
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Data under the following circumstances:
Consent
When you give us your consent, for example, to access your contacts on your phone or allow us to have access to your location. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. To withdraw your consent just go to the privacy settings in our android or ios mobile app or contact us at
support@xapo.com
Contract
When we need to execute a contract you have entered into with us by accepting applicable terms and conditions or specific related terms relating to other services offered by us.
Where we need to collect personal data under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform our services under the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with any of our services). In this case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
Legal or regulatory obligation
When we need to collect personal data by law. If you fail to provide that data when requested, we will not be able to perform our services under the contract with you (for example, to provide you with any of our products or services). In this case, we will have to cancel a product or service you have with us and we will notify you at that time.
For information about how we process your personal data with respect to anti-money laundering purposes, please see the AML notice available at:
AML/KYC Privacy Notice
.
Legitimate interests
Legitimate interest means the broader stake that Xapo has in the processing or the benefit that we derive from the processing of your Personal Data. For examples, please refer to the table at paragraph 2.1.
Where we rely on legitimate interests, we make sure that we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests.
2.4. Purposes
We have set out a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and the legal basis we rely on to do so, which you can find in the table at paragraph 2.1. This table also shows how we have identified what our legitimate interests are. Note that we may process your personal data for multiple legal reasons.
Marketing
We are committed to providing you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to receive 3rd party marketing communications at any time by contacting us.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your identity, contact, technical, usage and profile data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You can expect to receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information or purchased services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing
Lookalike advertising on third party sites
Our members
When we share your personal information with advertising partners (as described at paragraph 2.1), we may also ask the advertising partner to find other people that share similar interests and behaviours to you, and to show our advertising to those people when they use social media platforms.
This is based on personal information that you have provided to a third party site through your use of said third party site (which may include third party sites of the advertising partner). According to their terms and conditions, you have agreed to be subject to profiling activities, carried out exclusively by them. This personal information might include demographic data (such as your age or gender) and interest-based data (things that you like). No personal information is shared with us. At the same time, please note that we may share additional information from paragraph 2.1 in an anonymised format, for better results. This means we make sure you cannot be identified and therefore, there are no risks towards your rights and freedoms.
To the extent we are a controller of this personal information, we consider it is in our legitimate interest to use this personal data in this way to increase the effectiveness of our advertising by displaying our ads on individuals who share similar interests and characteristics to our customer base.
Using tools made available by advertising partners
Our prospective members
Advertising partners may provide tools that we can use to deliver our advertisements to people who we think are more likely to be interested in our products and services.
For example, an advertising partner may have determined that you are a 'crypto-enthusiast' using data that they have collected about you through your use of third party sites (which may include third party sites of the advertising partner). If we want to display a crypto-related product advertisement to other crypto-enthusiasts, the advertising partners that we work with may allow us to show our advertisement to you using selection tools that they make available. The personal information that is used for this is not shared with us.
To the extent we are a controller of this personal information, we consider it is in our legitimate interest to use this personal data in this way to ensure our advertising is relevant to those receiving it.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it. We will delete it after fulfilling the intended purpose or after expiration of the respective storage periods.
Return to the top
3. Third Party Links
In addition, please note that our website, our Android app, and iOS Mobile app may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
As a rule, we instruct all third parties on how to process your personal data for the purpose of our future or existing contract with you, through a Data Processing Agreement. However, if they process your personal data separately from our services, we do not control their processing activities or websites and are not responsible for their data privacy compliance. Therefore when you leave our online services, or Android and iOS Mobile apps, we encourage you to read the Privacy Notice/Notice/Statement of every webpage or app you visit. We are not responsible for the security of any data you are transmitting over the Internet, or any data you are storing, posting, or providingdirectlyto a third party's website, which is governed by that party's policies. Nonetheless, we always assess thoroughly the third parties we choose to integrate into our services and make sure they are key leaders in the field they operate it, be it security, compliance or marketing. If you have further questions about security, you can contact us using the details provided above.
Please read
Addendum 2
for a more exhaustive list regarding the categories of service providers we use. and
Addendum 4
for the detailed explanation of our data processing activities related to the data processing of third parties during the onboarding.
Return to the top
4. Information we share; data transfers
We do not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Data that you provide to us or that we collect on this website, our online services, or our Android and iOS Mobile apps, except as described here:
Companies in the Xapo group where it is necessary for the performance of a contract and these entities are used by us to assist in the provision of our services to you. Companies in the Xapo group will be acting as joint controllers in order to provide our services;
Service providers we use to provide customer benefits such as Airport Lounge access and Wifi access;
Marketing materials from third parties if you have provided consent;
If required, professional advisers such as lawyers, banks, auditors and insurers providing such services;
Regulators and other authorities who require reporting of processing activities under certain circumstances;
If required, or where we believe it is required by applicable laws or legal process;
To protect the rights, property and safety of Xapo, our users and the public, including, for example, in connection with court proceedings, to detect or prevent criminal activity, fraud, material misrepresentation, or to establish our rights or defend against legal actions;
Gathering your rating of the App which is processed through a third party service provider.
Xapo is headquartered in Gibraltar. However, due to the nature of our global offering, we have operations throughout the world, including but not limited to, North America, South America and Asia. We transfer your data to countries outside the European Economic Area ('third countries') to the extent that is necessary in order to perform our services and comply with our legal obligations..
Whenever we transfer your Personal Data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
Where we use certain service providers, we will use contract language approved by the European Commission which gives Personal Data the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the US, we will transfer data to them making use of Standard Contractual Clauses that require them to provide similar protection to Personal Data shared between Gibraltar and the US.
Further details on these provisions can be obtained by contacting at
dpo@xapo.com
The
Categories of Providers Table
provides information on the type of third party recipient (i.e. by reference to the activities it carries out), the industry and the location of the recipients.
Return to the top
5. Security measures and data breaches
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We have taken precautions to ensure the security of your data. The Personal Data you have entered on HTML pages (contact forms) and that is stored by us, shall be transmitted to Xapo in encrypted form (TLS - Transport Layer Security) via the public data network, and stored and processed at Xapo.
In addition, we limit access to your Personal Data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties on a need to know basis. This means contractors, agents, and third parties are instructed about these measures under the provisions made within a service agreement signed with them. At the same time, employees are informed about access controls via the Acceptable Use Policy. They will only process your Personal Data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality and a duty to comply with data protection procedures.
We utilise dedicated best-in-class security tools and intuitive cyber intelligence to monitor market activity and predict potential issues. Furthermore, we hold no personal data at our secure physical headquarters, located at One Grand Casemates Square, Gibraltar, thus greatly reducing likelihood of a Personal Data breach.
Nonetheless, we have put in place a Data Breach Procedure to deal with any suspected or actual Personal Data breach. According to the Gibraltar GDPR and DPA 2004, we are obliged to inform you about a data breach, whenever it may put at risk your rights and freedoms. At the same time, we fulfil our notification obligations to the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority, as prescribed in law.
Nonetheless, we acknowledge that the notification obligations we have as a data controller established in Gibraltar do not exempt us from similar obligations across different jurisdictions. For any derogations, please refer to our
Derogations Section
.
Return to the top
6. Protection of minors
Xapo does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for our services or send any Personal Data about yourself to us. If Xapo acknowledges underage persons registered on the platform against the T&Cs rules, it reserves the right to close that account and inform the person accordingly.
Return to the top
7. Data retention
We retain information about you in our databases for as long as your account is active, or as is reasonably needed to fulfil the purposes we collected it for and to provide our services, and as required by applicable laws. Our retention and use of your information will be as necessary to comply with our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or reporting obligations and requirements, to resolve disputes, or complaints, and to enforce our agreements. Any derogation from the Retention Policy will be based on legal grounds and will be explicitly mentioned.
While retention requirements vary by jurisdiction, please find a full description in a
table format of all the general retention periods
of your Personal Data and the specific legal basis we must comply with. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Note that we may retain your Personal Data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Although the table provides our general retention periods stipulated for different categories of Personal Data and/or different processing purposes, in certain circumstances, your information may be retained for longer periods due to the inherent nature of distributed ledger technology.
In some circumstances we will anonymize your Personal Data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes. When information is anonymized, it ceases to be Personal Data and we may use it without further notice to you.
Return to the top
8. Your rights and choice
Right to information
You have a right to be informed about the processing of your personal data. This is why we have created the current Privacy Notice, as an effort to clearly explain all the aspects of our processing activities. We want you to feel all your assets are secure, including the personal data you trust us with.
Right to request access
You also have a right to access information we hold about you. We will endeavour to provide you with details of your personal data that we hold or process and to provide this data in the format you request. To protect your personal data, we follow established disclosure procedures, which may require us to request proof of identity from you prior to providing such information. You can exercise this right at any time by contacting us using the details found below.
Right to rectification
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
Right to erasure (right to be 'forgotten')
You have the general right to request the erasure of your personal data in the following circumstances:
The personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected;
You withdraw your consent to processing and no other legal justification for processing applies;
You object to the processing activity, when the latter was based on the legal grounds of legitimate interest or public interest;
You object to the processing activity, when the latter had the purpose of direct marketing;
We unlawfully processed your personal data; and
Erasure is required to comply with a legal obligation that applies to us.
We will proceed to comply with an erasure request without undue delay and to such extent we are able to do so. However, it may also be the case that there are overriding grounds requiring us to store your data for longer, for:
Exercising the right of freedom of expression and information
Complying with a legal obligation under eu or other applicable law or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest (such as anti-money laundering);
Archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes
The establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Please be aware that by doing so, we will need to close your Xapo account and this action is not reversible and by requesting us to erase your data we are not able to provide Xapo services to you any longer. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you requested erasure of your data.
However, exercising this right does not necessarily mean all personal data about you will be deleted, although we will make all reasonable effort to do so. For example, when interacting with the blockchain, we may not be able to ensure that your personal data is deleted.
Right to restrict processing
You have a right to request to restrict processing of your personal data, such as where:
You contest the accuracy of the personal data;
You objected to a processing activity based on legitimate interest, while the verification of conditions is carried out;
If you believe processing is unlawful, you may request, instead of requesting erasure, that we restrict the use of unlawfully processed personal data;
We no longer need to process your personal data but need to retain your information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims or regulatory requirements.
Depending on the type of processing you request to restrict, please be aware that by doing so, we may need to close your Xapo account and this action is not reversible and by requesting us to stop processing your data we are not able to provide Xapo services to you any longer. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you requested to restrict processing.
Right to data portability
Where the legal basis for our processing is your consent, or the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party of, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, you have a right to receive the personal data you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to object to direct marketing ('opting out')
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes unless you have an existing business relationship with us to offer you similar services, and we rely on our legitimate interests as the lawful basis for processing;
On each and every marketing communication, we will always provide an option for you to exercise your right to object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes (known as 'opting-out') by clicking on the 'unsubscribe' button on our marketing emails or choosing a similar opt-out option on any forms we use to collect your personal data.
Please note that any administrative or service-related communications (to offer our services, or notify you of an update to this Privacy Notice or applicable terms and conditions, etc.) will solely be directed at our clients or business partners, and such communications generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe, as they are necessary to provide the services requested.
Therefore, please be aware that your ability to opt-out from receiving marketing and promotional materials does not change our right to contact you regarding your use of our online services and android or ios mobile apps or as part of a contractual relationship we may have with you.
Right not to be subject to automated decision making
It is our interest to protect data subjects that engage with us against undesired automated data processing. This right can be exercised whenever the processing activity is based solely on automated decision-making (adm) activities that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as article 22 of the GDPR details.
Timeline
Purpose
Legal ground
Method
Before onboarding
KYC, anti-money laundering checks
Fulfilling legal obligations effectivelu (Please see
Addendum 4
)
Using a third party
After onboarding
Detecting fraud or financial crimes
Public Interest
Using a third party
Monitoring accounts to ensure we deliver a safe platform for all users, as undertaken in the initial contract
Contractual obligation
Using a third party
Only for Xapo Credit Applicants
Creditworthiness assessments
Fulfilling our legal obligations effectively
Internally
In case you do not agree with the above described processing activities, we cannot offer you the experience of high standard financial security. This means we are not able to either open your account or maintain it.
If you have any questions about the processes, and our use of automated decision making you can always get in touch with our Customer Support team at
support@xapo.com
.
Please note that the law prescribes this right cannot be exercised when:
The processing activity is undertaken for the conclusion or performance of a contract with you,
we are subject to legal obligations, or
explicit consent has been expressed
Moreover, we avoid processing sensitive data by ADM means. However, if this becomes a necessary step for purposes such as onboarding or vetting, sensitive data is only processed under the legal grounds of explicit consent or substantial public interest.
Also, whenever such processing relies upon explicit consent or contractual obligations, you can further exercise your rights to express your point of view, to request human intervention and contest the decision.
Right to withdraw consent
Where the legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us using the details found below. Please be aware that by doing so, we will need to close your Xapo account and this action is not reversible and by requesting us to stop processing your data we are not able to provide Xapo services to you any longer. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdrew your consent.
You can exercise any of the above rights free of charge by contacting us at
dpo@xapo.com
.
Most of the above rights are subject to limitations and exceptions. We will provide reasons if we are unable to comply with any request for the exercise of your rights.
Right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority
If we have not responded to you within a reasonable time or if you feel that your complaint has not been resolved to your satisfaction, without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you are entitled to make a complaint to the information commissioner under the Gibraltar Data Protection Act 2004 (I.E. The chief executive officer of the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority), which is presently the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA). You may contact the GRA on the below details:
Gibraltar Information Commissioner
Gibraltar Regulatory Authority
2nd Floor, Eurotowers 4
1 Europort Road
Gibraltar
Email:
info@gra.gi
Phone: (+350) 200 74636
Fax: (+350) 200 72166
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the country of your habitual residence, place of work, or the place where you allege an infringement of one or more of your rights has taken place, if that is based in the european economic area.
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the Gibraltar regulatory authority or supervisory authority in the country of your legal residence, place of work, or the place where you allege an infringement of one or more of our rights has taken place so please contact us in the first instance at
support@xapo.com
or
dpo@xapo.com
Return to the top
9. Updates on our online Privacy Notice
We keep our Privacy Notice under regular review and we will update it to reflect any changes.
Changes to this privacy notice may become necessary as we develop our online services, android and ios mobile apps, in order to implement new legal requirements or new technologies and in order to improve the services we provide. If we change our Privacy Notice in the future, we will post the revised version on our website
www.xapo.com
together with the version number and date of change. You should check this Privacy Notice from time to time when you visit our website.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Return to the top
Addendum 1 - Data obtained from third parties
Whenever we obtain personal data from third parties, we refer to the following categories:
Technical data (e.G. Ip address)
Identity and contact data (e.G. Name and phone number)
Financial and transaction data (e.G. Credit card details, transaction number)
Job applicant data (all data included in the application sent to us)
Category of Data Providers
Type of Data that we get
Country of Establishment
Analytics providers, advertising networks, search information providers
Technical Data
USA
Technical, payment and delivery services providers
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data
USA
Identity and Contact Data
USA
Responses to surveys and campaigns to obtain leads
Identity and Contact Data
USA
Publicly available sources [such as Companies House and the Electoral Register]
Identity and Contact Data
EU/EEA
Usage of extended benefits
Identity and Contact Data
UK
USA
Job Postings
Job applicant data
USA
Return to the top
Addendum 2 - Categories of providers
Category of Data Providers
Type of Data that we get
Country of Establishment
Infrastructure
Cloud computing
USA
Legal
Consulting such a Lawyers, auditors
USA
Public bodies in connection with court proceedings, to detect or prevent criminal activity, fraud, material misrepresentation, or to establish our rights or defend against legal actions.
EU/EEA
Finance
Accountancy, Insurers, Banking institutions and Payment services.
USA
Accountancy, Insurers, Banking institutions and Payment services.
EU/EEA
Human Resources
Human resources software as a service.
USA
Product
Document sharing
USA
Compliance
Clients or institutional on-boarding enhanced due diligence services and know your customers providers, scan and verification passport and IDs of users and fraud detection software providers, (KYC) database querying service, Identity Verification for Due Diligence and Know Your Customer requirements.
EU/EEA
Regulators and other authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
EU/EEA
Marketing
Marketing Campaigns
USA
Business Improvement
Surveys
EU/US
Job Postings
Job applicant data
USA
Customer Care
CRM, FAQ system content provider
USA
Extended Customer Benefits
Provide Airport Lounge and Wifi access
USA
Provide Airport Lounge and Wifi access
UK
Return to the top
Addendum 3 - Retention period table
Type of Data
Purpose / Activity
Lawful Basis for Processing Inc. Legitimate Interest
Details of third party service providers:
Name
Address (previous and new)
Bank details.
6 years from date of expiration/termination of the contract unless renewed in which case consideration should be given as to whether all contracts should be retained for the duration of the renewal.
For contractual requirements.
Defending/Establishing of potential contractual legal claim(s). Limitation Act 1960
Details of suppliers including:
Email
Name
Address
Bank details.
6 years from date of expiration/termination of the contract unless renewed in which case consideration should be given as to whether all contracts should be retained for the duration of the renewal.
Being able to settle Supplier invoices and pay for services provided
Defending/Establishing of potential contractual legal claim(s)
(Limitation Act 1960)
Suspicious transactions/activities Reports
Upon expiration of purpose, or
AML/CFT record retention requirement of 5 years minimum under AML and GN,
or expiration of relationship plus limitation period 6 years under Limitation Act 1960 unless fraud exception
To comply with our AML/CFT and KYC obligations
Proceeds of Crime Act 2015
Crimes Act 2011
Financial Services (electronic money) Regulations 2011
Clients ́ Full name
Liveness Selfies
National ID (includes evidence)
Address (includes evidence)
Data of birth
Phone number
Email address
Bank info
Security selfies
IP
OS
Location
System
Conversations held with Xapo
Time, date and duration of the visit (if stored)
KYC Data (Blockchain)
Wallet addresses or other data which could be used to identify the client from data on the blockchain (eg. nonces which could be used to identify hashed data).
Upon expiration of relationship or regulatory requirement for retention (post termination of relationship) minimum of 5 years.
To comply with our AML/CFT and KYC obligations.
Data collected as part of account creation process / app and platform usage (“Successful Candidates”).
Upon the client terminating their account save for any data such as transaction data which may need retained for the end of financial year of 6 years.
Maximum of 5 years in case of KYC and AML/CFT ongoing monitoring.
For contractual requirements.
Specific legal obligation to retain under the Income Tax Act 2010.
KYC/DD obligations under AML/CFT legislation
(Proceeds of Crime Act 2015).
Details from applicants that eventually do not form a business relationship with Xapo, regardless of reason (“Unsuccessful candidates”):
Email address
Phone Number
Full name
3 years from the date of collection, or earlier upon request
Pre-contractual obligations in order to maintain contact about commencing the business relationship
Details from unsuccessful candidates :
Clients ́ Full name
Liveness Selfies
National ID /Passport (includes evidence)
Address (includes evidence)
Data of birth
Phone number
Email address
IP
Geolocation
Source(s) of wealth and income
Total value of liabilities (USD)
PEP Status
Country of residence and tax residence
Conversations held with Xapo
24 months from the date of collection
Statistical purposes as per the Financial Services (Payment Services) Regulations 2020
24 months from the date of collection
Public interest as per the Proceeds of Crime Act 2015 part 1, 1K (5)
Email address
1 year after account termination or earlier if consent has been withdrawn
Marketing campaigns (newsletters, offers, etc).
Return to the top
Addendum 4 - AML and KYC Privacy Notice
We will process your identifying data and profile data within operations such as identification (know your customer, also known as kyc) and profiling (customer due diligence, also known as cdd) for the purposes of the execution of our anti money laundering (also known as aml) and counter terrorism financing (also known as ctf) customer identification and verification process obligations.
When Xapo asks for cdd, what this refers to is proof of address and proof of identification. This along with information gathered at the application stage paints a picture of any customer (kyc). Without kyc, Xapo may unknowingly become involved with illicit activities and therefore subject to reputational, operational and legal risks, which can result in significant financial cost, or eventual winding up of the institution. Kyc is most closely associated with the fight against money-laundering.
Specific proof of address, proof of identification, source of funds and/or aml-ctf questionnaires that aimed at to fulfil kyc and cdd obligations are compulsory to Xapo users and the failure to be replied might lead (in extreme cases) in the blocking of their accounts or the refusal of services.
In response to the scale and effect of money laundering, the european union has passed directives designed to combat money laundering and terrorism. These directives, together with national regulations as read below, form the cornerstone of our aml/ctf obligations, establish the legal basis for us to process this data and outline the offences and penalties for failing to comply.
Directive (eu) 2015/2366 of the european parliament and of the council of 25 november 2015 on payment services in the internal market;
Directive (eu) 2015/849 of the european parliament and of the council of 20 may 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing;
Council decision of 17 october 2000 concerning arrangements for cooperation between financial intelligence units of the member states in respect of exchanging information (2000/642/jha);
Crime proceeds of crime act 2015;
Terrorism act 2018;
Drug trafficking offences act 1995;
As part of implementing the eu framework, the proceeds of crime act 2015 prescribed in para 1k of part 1 that the aml purposes are a matter of public interest, with respect to personal data processing activities. This means that most of the time, we may collect, share, store or otherwise process your personal data even in cases when you requested deletion, for complying with legal obligations or such public interest requests. For details about data deletion requests, please refer to section 8 of this policy and for data retention, please refer to
Addendum 3
.
Anti-money laundering (AML) policies
Our aml policy is designed to prevent money laundering by meeting the european standards on combating money laundering and terrorism financing, including the need to have adequate systems and controls in place to mitigate the risk of the firm being used to facilitate financial crime. Our aml policy sets out the minimum standards which must be complied with and includes:
Appointing a money laundering reporting officer (mlro) who has a sufficient level of seniority and independence, and who has responsibility for oversight of compliance with the relevant legislation, regulations, rules and industry guidance;
Establishing and maintaining a risk-based approach (rba) to the assessment and management of money laundering and terrorist financing risks faced by the firm. The requirement to provide cdd related data throughout an rba that will always take into account different factors such as the status of the client, the nature of the transactions, the financial product or the financial flows involved;
Establishing and maintaining risk-based customer due diligence (cdd), identification, verification and know your customer (kyc) procedures, including enhanced due diligence for customers presenting a higher risk, such as politically exposed persons (peps);
Establishing and maintaining risk-based systems and procedures for the monitoring of on-going customer activity;
Establishing procedures for reporting suspicious activity internally and to the relevant law enforcement authorities as appropriate;
Maintaining appropriate records for the minimum prescribed periods;
Providing training for and raising awareness among all relevant employees.
As a regulated financial institution, Xapo has specific requirements regarding aml systems and procedures. This reflects senior management's desire to prevent money laundering.
Sanctions policy
Xapo is prohibited from transacting with individuals, companies and countries that are on prescribed sanctions lists. Xapo will therefore screen against united nations, european union, uk treasury and us office of foreign assets control (ofac) sanctions lists in all jurisdictions in which we operate.
Automated Decision Making
We use semi-automated processes which includes, but is not limited to, screening know-your-customer (kyc) and anti-money laundering (aml) data you provide to us in order to assess whether or not we are legally able to allow you to use our services.
All automated screenings matches are manually reviewed by Xapo compliance analysts. The analyst will review the triage cases to determine if they should be cleared or escalated to the mlro.
Third parties AML-KYC
Where processing of personal data is carried out on behalf of Xapo by a third party provider, we conclude a separate contract with the processor with respect to this processing, called a data processing agreement. This contract ensures compliance with applicable data protection regulations and defines sufficient guarantees for the implementation of appropriate technical and organisational measures, which ensure the protection of your rights. Their privacy notices corresponding to the chosen third parties can be accessed below:
Privacy Notice (Sumsub Service) | Sumsub.com
Privacy Policy | Incode
Privacy Statement | Fourthline - Fourthline
Therefore, for kyc purposes, the following personal data will be processed by one of the above mentioned third parties, according to your country of residence and document type, based on your freely given, specific, informed, unambiguous and explicit consent:
Type of Data
Details
General Personal data
Full name, gender, personal identification code or number, date of birth, legal capacity, nationality and citizenship
Email and phone number for verification
Unique identifiers
ID data, Unique Identifier (applicant ID)
PoA document data for verification
Depending on the country, can also be tax ID and other such identifiers.
Technical data
Software and hardware attributes,( camera and device name), geolocation (IP address, domain name, GPS data, general geographic location including city and country from the device)
Biometric data
Facial Image data (photos or videos of face including selfies or scan of face on the ID document), Biometric data (numeric facial features)
Relevant publicly available data
Information regarding a person being a Politically Exposed Person (PEP) or included in country-specific sanctions lists, criminal lists or financial lists
For more details regarding the categories of third parties used by Xapo, please read
Addendum 2
.
Return to the top
Addendum 5 - Country-specific derogations
Section 1 - South Africa Derogations
In addition to the previous sections, in case the south african data protection law [the protection of personal information act no. 4/2013 (popia)] Applies, the following differences are to be noted:
The following definitions are to be used, in addition to other relevant ones used in section 1, chapter 1, of the law:
'biometrics' means a technique of personal identification that is based on physical, physiological or behavioural characterisation including blood typing, fingerprinting, dna analysis, retinal scanning and voice recognition.
'consent' means any voluntary, specific and informed expression of will in terms of which permission is given for the processing of personal information.
'security compromise' is understood as a data breach and must be notified to the data subject and the regulator 'as soon as reasonably possible'.
'operator' means a person who processes personal information for a responsible party in terms of a contract or mandate, without coming under the direct authority of that party.
'responsible party' means a public or private body or any other person which, alone or in conjunction with others, determines the purpose of and means for processing personal information (understood as data controller).
'person' refers to both natural and legal persons.
'personal information' means information relating to an identifiable, living, natural person, and where it is applicable, an identifiable, existing juristic person, including, but not limited to—
Information relating to the race, gender, sex, pregnancy, marital status, national, ethnic or social origin, colour, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental health, well-being, disability, religion, conscience, belief, culture, language and birth of the person;
Information relating to the education or the medical, financial, criminal or employment history of the person;
Any identifying number, symbol, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, location information, online identifier or other particular assignment to the person;
The biometric information of the person;
The personal opinions, views or preferences of the person;
Correspondence sent by the person that is implicitly or explicitly of a private or confidential nature or further correspondence that would reveal the contents of the original correspondence;
The views or opinions of another individual about the person; and
The name of the person if it appears with other personal information relating to the person or if the disclosure of the name itself would reveal information about the person;
The religious or philosophical beliefs, race or ethnic origin, trade union membership, political persuasion, health or sex life or biometric information of a data subject; or
The criminal behaviour of a data subject to the extent that such information relates to—
The alleged commission by a data subject of any offence; or
Any proceedings in respect of any offence allegedly committed by a data subject or the disposal of such proceedings.
Moreover, in terms of data subjects rights, the right of access will be subject to estimated reasonable costs when detailed information processed is required.
According to the south african law, there are various ways of notifying when security compromises occurs – including by publishing it on the website or media.
Any communications with the supervisory authority will be made with the information regulator.
At the same time, Xapo will respect the codes of conduct issued by the regulator from time to time, along with the relevant reports used as guidance.
Data subjects' rights can be exercised in the same conditions as described in this Privacy Notice, unless different conditions are established by national the national law protecting the data subject.
In case of a conflict of laws, any legal derogation stemming from the national rules will be prioritised (e.G. Timeframe for responding to a dsar). At the same time, if the national law is silent with respect to certain aspects, the Privacy Notice herein, is applicable.
Section 2 – Hong Kong derogations
In addition to the previous sections, in case the Hong Kong Data Protection Law [personal data (privacy) ordinance (cap.486)] Applies, the following differences are to be noted:
The following definitions are to be used, in addition to other relevant ones used in section 2, part I, of the law:
Relevant person refers to the cases when an individual is legally authorised to exercise the rights of the data subject – meaning when the data subject is minor or incapable, under the circumstances prescribed by the law.
Data user in relation to personal data, means a person who, either alone or jointly or in common with other persons, controls the collection, holding, processing or use of the data (understood as data controller). In addition to that, any person 'authorised in writing by the data user to collect, hold, process or use the data' will be considered a data processor.
Third party, in relation to personal data, means any person other than—
The data subject;
A relevant person in the case of the data subject;
The data user; or
A person authorized in writing by the data user to collect, hold, process or use the data—
Under the direct control of the data user; or
On behalf of the data user;
Personal data means any data—
Relating directly or indirectly to a living individual;
From which it is practicable for the identity of the individual to be directly or indirectly ascertained; and
In a form in which access to or processing of the data is practicable;
Under this law, data subjects have the right to submit access requests or correction requests, which will be responded to within 40 days after receipt. The procedural framework relies on division 1 and 2, part 5, from the above-mentioned law.
Data breaches are not reportable. However, it is advised they are communicated to the commissioner through the data breach notification form. Thus, Xapo will assess the gravity and impact of any potential data breach and will decide on a case by case basis if the commissioner must be notified.
Any communications with the supervisory authority will be made with the privacy commissioner for personal data.
Data subjects' rights can be exercised in the same conditions as described in this Privacy Notice, unless different conditions are established by national the national law protecting the data subject.
In case of a conflict of laws, any legal derogation stemming from the national rules will be prioritised (e.G. Timeframe for responding to a dsar). At the same time, if the national law is silent with respect to certain aspects, the Privacy Notice herein is applicable.
Section 3 – Singapore derogations
In addition to the previous sections, in case the Singapore Data Protection Law [Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (no. 26 of 2012)] Applies, the following differences are to be noted:
The following definitions are to be used, in addition to other relevant ones used in section 2, part I, of the law:
'individual' means a natural person, whether living or deceased (and is to be understood as a wider concept of the data subject);
'personal data' means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified —
From that data; or
From that data and other information to which the organisation has or is likely to have access;
'user activity data', in relation to an organisation, means personal data about an individual that is created in the course or as a result of the individual's use of any product or service provided by the organisation;
'user-provided data', in relation to an organisation, means personal data provided by an individual to the organisation.
'data intermediary' means an organisation which processes personal data on behalf of another organisation but does not include an employee of that other organisation (understood as data processor)
The data controller (as describe in the Privacy Notice, along with its obligations) shall be understood as 'the organisation' as it is mentioned throughout the law
Consent withdrawal is possible at any moment, but procedurally, section 16, part 4, division 1 of the law shall be taken into consideration. In practice, that means Xapo will inform the individual of the 'likely consequences of withdrawing his or her consent' after receiving the consent withdrawal.
Since the national rules do not prescribe any timeline for responding to requests regarding correction of personal data or access to personal data, the regime established in this Privacy Notice shall be fully applicable (unless the law prohibits so).
In case a data breach occurring is considered reportable (according to part 6a of the law), it should be notified within 3 calendar days after assessing it is a notifiable data breach.
Any communications with the supervisory authority will be made with the personal data protection commission ('pdpc').
Data subjects' rights can be exercised in the same conditions as described in this Privacy Notice, unless different conditions are established by national the national law protecting the data subject.
In case of a conflict of laws, any legal derogation stemming from the national rules will be prioritised (e.G. Timeframe for responding to a dsar). At the same time, if the national law is silent with respect to certain aspects, the Privacy Notice herein, is applicable.
Section 4 – Brazil derogations
In addition to the previous sections, in case the brazilian General Personal Data Protection Law (LGPD) applies, the following differences are to be noted:
The following definitions are to be used, in addition to other relevant ones used in article 5, chapter 1 of the law:
The data processor is to be considered 'the operator', as described by law
The person in charge means a person appointed by the controller and operator to act as a communication channel between the controller, the data subjects and the national data protection authority (NDPA);
Blockade refers to a temporary suspension of any processing operation, through the blockage of personal data or the database;
The data protection impact assessment (DPIA) will be understood as 'impact report on the protection of personal data'
Personal data security incidents will be reported to the anpd and to the 'holder of occurrence' in cases that may lead to 'significant risk or damage to the holders'. Based on ndpa's guidance from 2021, the communication must be made within 2 working days.
Any communications with the supervisory authority will be made with the national data protection authority (NDPA).
Xapo will make sure the reports and guiding materials of the national council of personal data protection and privacy are valued and incorporated in our practices.Data subjects' rights can be exercised in the same conditions as described in this Privacy Notice, unless different conditions are established by national the national law protecting the data subject.
In case of a conflict of laws, any legal derogation stemming from the national rules will be prioritised (e.g. Timeframe for responding to a dsar). At the same time, if the national law is silent with respect to certain aspects, the Privacy Notice herein, is applicable.
Section 5 – Indonesia
With regards to the indonesian activity, we essentially refer to:
Law no. 11 of 2008 regarding electronic information and transactions, as amended by law no. 19 of 2016 ("Electronic information law")
Government regulation no. 71 of 2019 regarding the implementation of electronic systems and transactions ("Gr 71") and minister of communication
Informatics regulation no. 20 of 2016 regarding the protection of personal data ("Moci reg. 20")
Relying on the moci reg. 20, the following definitions are to be noted, stemming from art. 1:
Consent is referred to as 'approval' and means a 'written statement either manual and/or electronic given by personal data owners after obtaining complete explanation of the actions of personal data acquisition, collection, processing, analysis, retention, display, publication, transmission, and dissemination as well as confidentiality or non-confidentiality'.
Personal data owner shall be understood as data subject.
Electronic system operator shall be understood as a data controller operating an electronic system
According to moci reg. 20, personal data stored in an electronic system will be governed by a data retention period of minimum 5 years, unless special regulations apply.
The same regulation mandates Xapo must notify data subjects about a data breach in writing, within 14 days after becoming aware of it (art. 28, ch. V, moci reg.20). At the same time, complaints about data breaches and other security issues can be filed to the minister in line with art. 31 and within 30 business days since becoming aware of the incident.
Under indonesian law, the rule for processing personal data is consent (art. 26 of eitl).
Data subjects' rights can be exercised in the same conditions as described in this Privacy Notice, unless different conditions are established by national the national law protecting the data subject.
In case of a conflict of laws, any legal derogation stemming from the national rules will be prioritised (e.G. Timeframe for responding to a dsar). At the same time, if the national law is silent with respect to certain aspects, the Privacy Notice herein, is applicable.
Please note the above-mentioned clauses are temporary and will soon be adjusted to the new regulation. At the moment, the comprehensive data protection law (pdp bill) is still not enforced.
Section 6 – Argentina
With regards to the activities carried out in Argentina, the following definitions apply, in line with the law 25,326 - the personal data protection law (pdpl):
Personal data means information of any type referred to individuals or legal entities, determined or which may be determined.
Data dissociation should be understood as data anonymisation
Data owner is referred to as data subject
Person responsible for a data file, register, bank or base is referred to as data controller
Data user is referred to as data processor
Under argentinian law, sensitive data can be processed only relying on consent. However, any other personal data can also be processed based on legal obligation, contractual obligation or whenever we obtain that data from unrestricted public access sources.
Please note that the pdpl also allows us to process your personal data without consent when limiting to your name, national identity document number, tax or social security identification, occupation, phone number, date of birth and domicile.
For all Xapo customers that are protected by the pdpl, we will respect the following deadlines, upon receiving your request: for the right of access, within 10 calendar days, whilst for the right to rectification and erasure, within 5 business days.
The supervisory authority you can refer to for exercising your rights under the pdpl is the agency for access to public information (agencia de acceso a la información pública).
With respect to data transfers from Argentina, Xapo is allowed to carry out such processing operations to jurisdictions that are signatories of international treaties that Argentina is a party to or to any territories for the purpose of bank/stock exchange transfers. In this context, please note that both Gibraltar and Argentina are part of convention 108 (convention for the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data), meaning that similar privacy standards are applicable.
Section 7 – Mexico
With regards to the activities carried out in Mexico, in line with the federal law on the protection of personal data held by private parties ('the law'):
Data owner is referred to as data subject
Any reference to 'days' shall be interpreted as made to working days
Please note that mexico is one of the countries that still accepts tacit consent. Thus, under article 8 of the law, 'it will be understood that the data owner tacitly consents to the processing of his data when, once the privacy notice has been made available to him, he does not express objection'. In addition to this, personal data can also be processed based on legal obligation, contractual obligation or whenever we obtain that data from unrestricted public access sources.
However, whenever we need to process sensitive data from you, we will do so only under your consent, certified using authentication mechanisms such as electronic signature.
For all Xapo customers that are protected by the law, we will respond to your data subject request within 20 business days. Such requests are generally free of charge, except for the fees necessary to ship or copy/provide your data in other formats. However, in accordance with art. 35 of the law, if you repeat your request within a period of twelve months, we are legally allowed to charge this operation, but not exceeding three days of the general current minimum wage in mexico city, unless there are material changes to this notice that lead to new requests.
With respect to data transfers from mexico, Xapo is allowed to carry out such processing operations to jurisdictions that are signatories of international treaties mexico is a party to. In this context, please note that both Gibraltar and Argentina are part of convention 108 (convention for the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data), meaning that similar privacy standards are applicable. At the same time, such transfers are lawful whenever they are needed for the performance of a contract concluded in the interest or with the data subject.
The supervisory authority you can refer to for exercising your rights under the law is the National Institute for Transparency, Access to Information and Personal Data Protection.
Return to the top
Addendum 6 - Xapo Credit Limited Particularities
DATA PROCESSING
Xapo Credit Limited collects the personal data listed in section 2 of this Notice, for assessing the fulfilment of eligibility criteria established by law, for granting the credit you applied for.
This is required as part of the obligations we have for concluding a contract with you, upon your request to start the process. In order to do so, Xapo Credit Limited will only refer to the data collected directly from you.
DATA RETENTION
Data retention will be handled in line with Addendum 3 of this Notice.
PROFILING
As a regulated consumer credit and moneylending financial institution, Xapo Credit Limited is obliged by the Financial Services (Consumer Credit) Act 2011 law to fulfil creditworthiness screening obligations before granting you a credit. In order to do so, we will carry out profiling activities using the personal data you provide to us in the application process. In this way, we can reach a lawful, informed, fair, transparent and adequate conclusion about your eligibility.
Please note that the decisions are made automatically, based on automated checks in line with creditworthinesscredit criteria. The automated decision-making process relies on our pre-contractual obligations during the application process, started by you. Nonetheless, you have the right to obtain human intervention, to express your point of view and to contest the decision (Art. 22 (2)a) and (3) of the GDPR.
DATA SHARING
INTERNAL
Occasional transfers may occur between Xapo Credit Limited, Xapo Bank Limited, and Xapo VASP Limited. These are legally documented and properly safeguarded within the Intra-Group Data Transfer Agreement. This agreement is an internal document where common data protection standards were established, universally applicable to all signatory entities. This means that personal data shared in this way will be considered to be shared internally and not with third parties.
WTo add to that, we will carry out these internal data transfers on an ongoing basis for purposes such as creditworthiness assessments, decision-making, contract generation and performance. Only the personal data listed in section 2 of this Notice will be subject to these processing activities.
For more details about our AML and KYC obligations and processes, please refer to Addendum 5.
EXTERNAL
We will share your personal data with third parties when needed for contract fulfilment, legal obligation or justified and documented legitimate interest. This will occur only as described in Addendum 2.
Xapo Credit Limited will need to allow professional service providers, such as debt collectors or lawyers to access your personal data in the eventuality of non-fulfillment of contractual obligations on your side.
Return to the top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.greenhouse.com/uk/privacy-policy:
Skip to Content
Close mobile sub-navigation
Greenhouse Home Link
Open menu for
Platform
Platform
The all-together hiring platform
Solutions
Talent sourcing
Candidate experience
Scalable workflows
Interviewing & decision-making
Onboarding
Reporting & insights
Integrations
Greenhouse for
Early-stage business
Scaling company
Modern enterprise
What’s new
Latest product features
Open menu for
Why Greenhouse
Why Greenhouse
How we compare
Return on your hiring investment
Your partner in success
Awards & accolades
Awards & accolades
Greenhouse named Best Software for Enterprise in 2024
Learn why Greenhouse is an award-winning enterprise software for companies like DoorDash, Betterment and MLB.
Learn more
Open menu for
Resources
Types
Blog
Guidance
Customer stories
Hiring glossary
Talent Makers book
Topics
DE&I
Structured hiring
AI and automation
Hiring Maturity
Support
Learn Greenhouse
Get support
Developer resources
Open menu for
About
About
Company
Press & awards
Careers
People first
People first
The future belongs to people-first companies
Today’s talent thinks differently about where and how they work, and winning companies are people-first companies. Here’s how to build a culture that connects.
Read the blog
Open menu for
Community
Community
Events & webinars
Open
Talent Makers
Newsletter
Webinar
Webinar
The great hiring debate
Join this webinar to hear from key hiring leaders on how to achieve business success through strategic, efficient and effective hiring practices.
Register now
Sign in
Request a demo
Toggle search form
Open mobile navigation
Legal
secondary menu
All documents
Privacy policy
Cookie notice
CCPA/CPRA for candidates
Master subscription agreement
Data processing addendum
Service level agreement
Subprocessors in use
Professional services addendum
Sourcing automation addendum
Scroll Subnavigation
Legal – Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Date last updated
: March 3, 2025
Introduction
Greenhouse Software, Inc. ("
Greenhouse
") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it in accordance with applicable laws and using generally-accepted industry practices. This Privacy Policy explains who we are, how we collect, share, and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information that is available to Greenhouse and that is protected explicitly by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation of 2016 (the “
EU GDPR
”); the EU GDPR as saved into United Kingdom law by virtue of section 3 of the United Kingdom’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "
UK GDPR
"); and the California Consumer Protection Act “
CCPA
”), to the extent applicable.
If you have any questions or concerns about Greenhouse’s collection and use of your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If however, your questions or concerns are related to a Greenhouse customer’s collection and use of your Personal Information, please contact that customer directly.
Scope of this policy
Greenhouse is a leading provider of cloud-based software services that help companies manage and optimize their recruiting and hiring processes.
Greenhouse processes personal data in the following contexts:
1. As a processor on behalf of its customers for recruiting and onboarding purposes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information in this context. Our customers are the controllers of the Personal Information they collect through Greenhouse’s Services to manage their own recruiting and onboarding processes (
e.g.
, names, contact information, and other data collected as part of job applications), and each customer manages that Personal Information in accordance with its own privacy policies. Greenhouse’s privacy commitments to our customers are governed by a separate customer agreement that authorizes us to collect, process, and store Personal Information on their behalf, as a processor under the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, and a service provider under the CCPA. Greenhouse processes Personal Information relating to our customers’ employees and job applicants within our Services only according to our customers’ instructions (as defined in our customer agreements), and we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Information we process in connection with our customers’ use of our Services. For example, if you apply to a job posted on a career page of a Greenhouse customer, your Personal Information will be automatically processed by Greenhouse on behalf of that customer. However, the company you applied to is the data controller (or business, as that term is defined in the CCPA) with respect to your Personal Information, and you should contact that entity directly with any questions you may have regarding its privacy policies or data processing practices, or if you wish to modify or access your Personal Information, restrict its processing, or delete it from our Services. Greenhouse’s customer contracts require us to redirect any inquiries relating to the Personal Information we process on behalf of a customer back to that customer without taking any action on the request.
2. As a controller in a commercial context (
e.g.
, managing business relationships with customers and vendors).
3. As a controller in an employment context (
e.g.
, processing job applications for Greenhouse’s own hiring).
4. As a controller for the
My Greenhouse
service, where Personal Information is collected directly from job seekers who use the platform to apply for jobs or manage their job search. For more information on how Greenhouse processes your Personal Information in this context,
please see this section.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information in contexts 2, 3, and 4.
Our websites, products and services are generally designed for businesses and their representatives. Outside of the My Greenhouse service, we do not offer products or services for use by individuals for their personal, family or household purposes. Accordingly, we treat all Personal Information we collect, other than the Personal Information provided by users of the My Greenhouse service, as pertaining to individuals in their capacities as business representatives and not as individual consumers.
Greenhouse is the controller of Personal Information that we collect directly from visitors to our marketing website,
www.greenhouse.io
(the “Website”); from our own job applicants; and from our customers and vendors to help us manage our business relationships with them. This Privacy Policy describes the type of Personal Information that Greenhouse collects; Greenhouse’s policies around the use, disclosure, and retention of that Personal Information; and the choices available to you regarding your rights in relation to your Personal Information generally.
Personal information we collect
Greenhouse may collect the following information, including Personal Information from and about you:
From your interaction with Sales, Marketing, and Customer Support
We collect Personal Information such as your name, company name, email address, phone number, and billing information when you request a demo of our Services, or request sales information or customer service.
Third-party sources
We may combine Personal Information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
Public sources
, such as government agencies, public records, social media platforms, and other publicly available sources.
Data providers
, such as information services and data licensors that provide other information, such as your business contact information.
Cookies, Scripts and Related Technologies
When you visit our website,
www.greenhouse.io
, we and our third-party service providers receive Personal Information that you may have provided, such as your IP address. The technologies we use to track your movements around our website include cookies, tracking scripts and pixels, and tagging technologies, which we may employ to understand your preferences, improve your experience on our website, etc. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable, or delete them, please visit
aboutcookies.org
for detailed guidance.
Collection of Data by Advertisers
We may also use third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Certain third-party partners may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our website (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number). They do this by using cookies, pixel tags or other technologies. Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our website and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or pixel tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technologies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here:
aboutads.info/choices
or
networkadvertising.org
.
How Greenhouse uses your personal information
We may use the information that we collect about you and from you, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To provide, operate, improve, and customize our Website
We seek to improve your experience with our Website. As a result, we will analyze data we collect about your use of the Website.
To communicate with you
If you request more information about our products, we will contact you using the information you provide us. We may also send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you, with your prior opt-in consent where required by applicable law.
To aggregate data
We may anonymize and/or aggregate data collected through our Website and to create statistics that may be used for any purpose, provided that such statistics do not identify any customers or individuals or contain any Personal Information.
To process your job application
If you apply to work at Greenhouse, Greenhouse will use the Personal Information provided in the context of your application for the purposes of processing and evaluating the application.
For marketing and advertising
We, our service providers, and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes:
Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing section below.
Interest-based advertising. Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the automatic data collection section above) with the Service, our communications and other online services over time, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the Your choices section of our
Cookie Notice
.
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
How Greenhouse may disclose or share your information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Information we collect about you, except as described in this Privacy Policy or as we disclose to you at the time this information is collected. As described in more detail below, we may share your Personal Information:
With our partners and third-party service providers. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information only as necessary to perform services on behalf of Greenhouse (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website). We require these service providers by contract to safeguard the privacy and security of Personal Information that they process on our behalf;
To third-party advertising companies for the marketing and advertising purposes described above;
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person or (iv) for any of the compliance and protection purposes outlined above;
To professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us;
To an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets, provided that we inform such third parties that they must use your Personal Information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy; and
To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Your choices
Opt-out of marketing communications
You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Cookies
For information about cookies employed by the Service and how to control them, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Mobile location data
You can disable our access to your device’s precise geolocation in your mobile device settings.
Do Not Track
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit
allaboutdnt.com
.
Declining to provide information
We need to collect Personal Information to provide certain marketing materials or other information that you may want. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those materials or information.
How Greenhouse secures your information
We care about the security of your Personal Information, and take steps including implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
International data transfers
Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our primary offices are located in the United States, and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your Personal Information, it may be processed in any of these countries.
Notice to European, Swiss and UK users
The information provided in this “Notice to European, Swiss, and UK Users” section applies only to individuals in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK.
If you are a visitor from the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Data Protection Rights
As an EEA, Swiss, or UK data subject, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
If you wish to opt out of (i) the disclosure of your Personal Information to a third party, or (ii) the use of your Personal Information for a purpose materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, you can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io. In any event, unless Greenhouse has affirmative express consent from you, Greenhouse will not (i) disclose sensitive information (i.e., personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of the individual), or (ii) use sensitive personal information for a purpose other than those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you through the exercise of opt-in-choice. Greenhouse will treat as sensitive any Personal Information received from a third party where the third party identifies and treats it as sensitive.
You can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
How long Greenhouse retains your personal information
We retain Personal Information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our website is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@greenhouse.io. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Third-party certifications: Data Privacy Framework
Greenhouse complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Greenhouse has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Greenhouse has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Greenhouse commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Greenhouse at:
privacy@greenhouse.io
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Greenhouse further commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Complaints may be submitted to the EU DPAs, the UK ICO, and/or the FDPIC, as appropriate, at no cost to you.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these methods above, a binding arbitration option may be available under limited circumstances. Additional information can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. Additionally, Greenhouse is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and the FTC has jurisdiction over Greenhouse’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
With regard to onward transfers of personal data to third parties, Greenhouse is responsible for ensuring that the third parties comply with applicable data protection principles, including ensuring that the third parties do not process such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
My Greenhouse
This “My Greenhouse” section is applicable only to users of the
My Greenhouse
service.
Personal Information We Collect
In addition to the categories of Personal Information already listed, Greenhouse collects the following categories information directly from users of the My Greenhouse service:
Resumes, cover letters, and other job application materials.
Contact details, such as email addresses and phone numbers.
Job preferences and search criteria.
How Greenhouse Uses Your Personal Information
For users of the My Greenhouse service, we use your Personal Information to:
Facilitate job applications and connect you with potential employers.
Provide personalized job recommendations and search functionality.
Share your information with employers seeking candidates with your skills and background, as referenced in the My Greenhouse User Agreement.
Your Choices
Users of the My Greenhouse service who object to Greenhouse sharing or selling your Personal Information with potential employers should close their account.
Users of the My Greenhouse service in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK may, alternately, opt out of sharing their Personal Information with potential employers by contacting us at
job-seeker-optout@greenhouse.io
and listing their name, email address, and country.
Interseller
This “Interseller” section is applicable only to Interseller, and excludes all other Greenhouse products and services, including, but not limited to, Greenhouse Recruiting, Greenhouse Onboarding and Greenhouse Sourcing Automation. For information on the privacy practices related to Interseller, please refer to the
Interseller privacy page
and the
Interseller privacy ccpa page
.
2023 Data Broker Requests
Number of requests
Requests granted
Requests denied
Median number of days for substantive response
Mean number of days for substantive response
Requests to delete personal information
26
26
0
1
1.5
Requests to know or access what personal information the data broker was collecting
4
4
0
1
1
Requests to know what personal information the data broker was selling or sharing and to whom
0
0
0
N/A
N/A
Requests to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information
19
19
0
1
1.63
Requests to limit the data broker’s use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
0
0
0
N/A
N/A
*Please note that Interseller is no longer a data broker
Updates to this privacy policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Contact information
If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights, feel free to contact us at
privacy@greenhouse.io
, or at the mailing address below.
Greenhouse Software, Inc.
228 Park Avenue S. PMB 14744
Attn: Privacy
New York, New York
10003-1502 USA
Archived versions
Greenhouse Privacy Policy - 3/3/2025
Greenhouse Privacy Policy - 6/27/2024
Greenhouse Privacy Policy- 5/25/2018
be_ixf;ym_202503 d_13; ct_50
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26.1
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com/uk/privacy-policy
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com/uk/privacy-policy
Sub-policy 1
https://sumsub.com/privacy-notice-service/:
Cookie Break Time
We use cookies to enhance the functionality of our website and its subdomains, and to personalize content and ads,
always prioritizing your privacy and data security
. You have the control to enable or disable optional cookies as you wish. For a deeper dive into our cookie usage, do check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Manage cookies
Accept all cookies
Skip to content
Last updated: 23 October, 2024
Privacy Notice (Sumsub Service)
Preamble
This is the Privacy Notice of the Sumsub group of companies: Sum and Substance Ltd., incorporated and registered in England with company number 09688671 together with all affiliated companies and trading divisions, irrespective of location or jurisdiction (hereinafter - Sumsub or we). More information about our group can be found in
Provision 17
of this Privacy Notice.
To provide Services, Sumsub  processes Personal data according to our Clients instructions. Clients are Controllers that determine purposes of data processing, exercise control over Users’ Personal data, and stipulate retention periods of Users’ data according to their purposes. Sumsub, in turn, is a Processor that conducts only those data processing activities that Clients request. Sumsub performs remote identity verification procedures for Clients as part of Services provision. Before passing such procedures, Users should be properly notified by Clients in line with their privacy policies and, depending on Clients’ legal bases for data processing, may be asked to consent to such processing.
When developing and improving Services, as a matter of public interest and other cases specified in this Privacy Notice, Sumsub is the Controller of Users' Personal data.
1. Scope
2. Definitions
3. Principles of personal data processing that Sumsub adheres to
4. Purposes of personal data processing
5. Data processing activities
6. Types of personal data processed by Sumsub
7. Processing children’s personal data
8. The lawfulness of personal data processing
9. Identity Verification services within the UK Digital Identity and Attribute Trust Framework (UKDIATF)
10. Identity verification services involving Qualified Electronic Signature
11. Personal data retention period
12. Data Subjects’ rights
13. Withdrawing consent and objection to legitimate interest mechanism
14. Responsibilities
15. Specific measures to ensure data protection
16. Personal data breaches
17. Data disclosure
18. Sumsub group of companies and the EU Representative
19. International data transfers
20. Sale of personal data and CCPA reference
21. Special notice to residents of the states of Illinois, Washington, or Texas (USA)
22. Changes to this Notice
1. Scope
This Privacy Notice outlines how we process Personal data, commit to protecting your information, and provide the framework for effective management of data protection matters while providing our Services. This Privacy Notice does not cover how Sumsub's Clients may treat Users' Personal data. Clients provide this information in their privacy statements, which are not subject to Sumsub's control.
If you are a California resident, you may find information about the CCPA application in
Provision 19
of this Notice.
If you are a resident of Illinois, Washington, or Texas, it is necessary to refer to the “Special notice to residents of the states of Illinois, Washington, or Texas (USA)” (
Provision 20
of this Privacy Notice). In case of any conflict or ambiguity between the Special Notice and the other provisions of this Privacy Notice, the former prevails.
2. Definitions
Agreement
the Service Provider Agreement concluded with each Client, its annexes and appendices;
AML/CFT
Anti-Money Laundering / Combating the Financing of Terrorism legal rules and standards as envisaged in FATF recommendations, EU regulations, and national legislation;
BIPA
the Biometric Information Privacy Act of 2008 in Illinois, US;
CCPA
the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, Civil Code sections 1798.100;
Client
a legal entity to which Sumsub provides Services under the Agreement; for the purpose of identity verification services involving Qualified Electronic Signature, Client is an entity who has a business relationship with Sumsub and to whom Sumsub in collaboration with a QTSP provides remote identity proofing services for issuing a QES. Subscribers are the potential customers of the Clients and provide their personal data (and Subject’s personal data, if applicable) to Sumsub on behalf of such a Client using Client's websites/platforms;
Consent
any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the Data Subject’s wishes by which they, by a statement or by clear affirmative action, signify agreement to the processing of their personal data;
Customer due diligence procedure
the process and rules established by the Client in line with applicable regulations, including the requirements for identifying its customers, related risks and checking they are who they say they are (may be referred to as ‘KYC’ in this Notice);
Data concerning health
personal data related to the physical or mental health of a natural person, including the provision of health care services, which reveal information about his or her health status;
Data Controller, or Controller
natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal data; i.e. Client or Sumsub when it has its own purposes - for the purpose of this Notice;
Data Processor, or Processor
a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller; i.e. Sumsub when it processes data on behalf of its Clients;
Data Providers
third-party service providers or public authorities used to collect additional information necessary for the provision of the Services;
Data Subject
any individual whose personal data Sumsub may process on behalf of the Controller (the Client’s customers);
eIDAS framework
a set of regulations which includes the following legal scope:
Regulation No 910/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on electronic identification and trust services for electronic transactions in the internal market and repealing Directive 1999/93/EC;
ETSI EN 319 401: Electronic Signatures and Infrastructures (ESI); General Policy Requirements for Trust Service Providers;
ETSI EN 319 411-1: Electronic Signatures and Infrastructures (ESI); Policy and security requirements for Trust Service Providers issuing certificates; Part 1: General requirements;
ETSI EN 319 411-2: Electronic Signatures and Infrastructures (ESI); Policy and security requirements for Trust Service Providers issuing certificates; Part 2: Requirements for trust service providers issuing EU qualified certificates;
ETSI TS 119 461: Electronic Signatures and Infrastructures (ESI); Policy and security requirements for trust service components providing identity proofing of trust service subjects;
EEA
European Economic Area (the European Union Member States, Norway, Iceland and, Liechtenstein);
EU GDPR
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation);
Filing system
any structured set of Personal data which is accessible according to specific criteria, whether centralised, decentralised, or dispersed on a functional or geographical basis used for service provision;
Livechat
a system that allows Users to have a real-time interaction with Sumsub’s support team in a chatbox on the Website page in the browser;
Personal data
any information relating to an identified or identifiable Data Subject;
Personal data breach
a breach of data security leading to unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed;
Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs)
individuals who are or have been entrusted with prominent public functions (e.g., heads of state or government, senior politicians, senior government, judicial or military officials, senior executives of state-owned corporations, important political party officials), as well as their relatives and close associates;
Privacy Notice or Notice
this privacy notice available at https://sumsub.com/privacy-notice-service;
Processing
any operation or set of operations performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction;
Qualified trust service provider (QTSP)
entity which provides one or more trust services such as issuance of a QES;
Service(s)
the personal identity verification service and connected services provided by Sumsub;
Special categories of personal data
personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, or data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation;
Standard Contractual Clauses
standard sets of contractual terms and conditions adopted by the European Commission (or UK-designated authorities) and ensuring appropriate safeguards for data transfers from the EEA and the UK to third countries, which the Controller and the Processor both sign up to, where necessary;
Subject
legal or natural person identified in a QES certificate as the holder of the private key associated with the public key given in the QES certificate. The following Subject and Subscriber relationships may have place: when the Subscriber is a natural person and represents a legal person that is the Subject and requests a certificate for this legal person; when the Subscriber is a legal person and requests a certificate for its authorised employee/representative that is the natural person (the Subject) when the official representative of the Subscriber and the Subject are the same. Both the Subscriber and Subject may be a Data Subject according to the meaning given in the EU/UK GDPR;
Subscriber
legal or natural person applying for a qualified electronic signature/seal (“QES”) with a qualified trust service provider and entities acting on behalf of a qualified trust service provider;
Sumsub ID
the personal identity verification service and connected services provided by Sumsub;a set of technical functionalities and related services provided by Sumsub to Applicants designed to assist them in simplifying identity verification and, upon their request, sharing of Personal data with Sumsub’s Clients;
Third-Party Processors
processors authorised to exercise certain processing activities under the direct authority of Sumsub;
UK GDPR
EU GDPR as implemented in the UK’s domestic legal system;
User or Applicant
any individual in respect of whom the identity verification procedure (or any of its elements) is performed as part of the Services provided to a Client (may be referred to as ‘you’ in this Notice);
Website
sumsub.com.
3. Principles of personal data processing that Sumsub adheres to
Sumsub adheres to the principles of Personal data protection as envisaged in the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, and other applicable laws. Under these principles, Sumsub assists Controllers in ensuring that Users’ Personal data is:
Processed fairly and lawfully and in a transparent manner in relation to the Data Subject;
Processed for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes only and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes;
Adequate, relevant, and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
Kept accurate and up to date;
Retained in a form permitting identification of Data Subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed;
Processed in a manner that ensures their appropriate security;
Not transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or the UK without adequate protection.
4. Purposes of personal data processing
[а] Performance of the Agreement
While serving Clients, Sumsub mainly processes your data as a Processor for Clients’ benefit. Sumsub processes Personal data for the performance of Agreements, including indicated Services, obligations arising from Agreements, and related rights, as well as for the execution of rights and fulfilment of obligations deriving from legal acts and processing Users' requests.
Sumsub collects and further processes Users' data for Clients, which may include matters of compliance with applicable AML/CFT and/or other laws and regulations and/or Client's internal customer due diligence procedures. Once Personal data is no longer necessary for the relevant purpose, acting on Client’s written instructions, Sumsub transfers the data to Clients and then erases it from its servers without leaving any backup copies.
[b] Other purposes
We may process your data for purposes that serve Sumsub's legitimate interests, which include the following purposes:
Where it’s not prohibited by applicable laws and provided we have permission from our Clients, we may process some personal data, including biometrics, to develop and improve identity verification services to prevent and detect fraud and other illicit activity as part of substantial public interest via machine learning. For more information, please refer to
Provision 5
(Service Development);
Given the nature of our Services, we are to detect and prevent criminal activity, fraud, and money laundering by checking the provided User data against records of confirmed or suspected illegal activity, fraud or money laundering. If any sign of this appears, we will inform our Clients of this. For more information, please refer to
Provision 5
(Fraud detection);
In connection with the purpose above, we may also conduct profiling, statistical analysis, and analytics in AML/CFT tendency, fraud detection, and prevention. Our system may aggregate Users’ data to generate reports and charts our Clients may use when assuming the risk likelihood associated with specific characteristics;
We can process Personal data, including biometric data, to identify a User or a Client’s representative for identification purposes to process data subject access request or the Client’s request accordingly;
We sometimes may be obliged to process or retain all or part of Personal data for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims;
When participating in the Sumsub Travel Rule Ecosystem, we carry out customer due diligence and all the data Client left in questionnaires may be redistributed to other participants of the ecosystem following applicable legal requirements and the Sumsub Travel Rule Ecosystem Agreement to assist in ensuring compliance of all the participants with AML/CFT regulations. These activities are carried out for our own purposes;
We have our own processing purposes such as preventing fraud and money laundering as part of providing services within the UK Digital Identity and Attribute Trust Framework described in detail in
Provision 9
In the context of the crypto-related services, Sumsub may process Users' Personal data to establish and maintain a wallet address book. Wallet address book data is processed for the purpose of wallet attribution when the Sumsub's Clients conduct transactions in compliance with Travel Rule requirements. Wallet attribution consists of linking wallet addresses to verified identities of individuals or entities which allows to flag suspicious transactions. This enables better monitoring of large or unusual transactions, tracking them back to individuals and ensuring proper reporting to authorities. Sumsub obtains personal data related to wallet address books from its Clients and/or from publicly available sources.
We process some Personal data while adhering to the principles of Personal data handling, namely lawfulness and accountability, by obtaining the legal basis for processing specific Personal data concerning certain Users, as required under laws applicable to such Users. Maintaining records that we have obtained such a legal basis is essential to prove that we comply and adhere to our legal obligations outside and in the European Union and the United Kingdom.
[c] Sumsub ID
Sumsub ID allows Applicants to use their Personal data for identity verification with multiple Clients that are entities that have acceded to our Sumsub ID Client Terms and Conditions (“
Participants
”) including to be able to execute your right to data portability and obtain necessary Personal data based on your instructions using Sumsub ID. Applicants can submit their documents and other necessary information to create a Sumsub ID and subsequently request Sumsub to share their Personal data with the Clients with whom they want to verify their identity. The processing of Personal data within the Sumsub ID, including the creation of a dedicated storage space (“
Data Pool Key
”) for an Applicant is carried out by Sumsub as a data controller. After sharing Personal data upon the Applicant’s request with a specific Client, the re-verification is carried out by Sumsub as a data processor acting on behalf of its Clients. The processing of Personal data within the Sumsub ID also includes the purposes of Service Development and Fraud detection, including profiling, as described above in point [b].
5. Data processing activities
Sumsub carries out multiple types of automated processing, including, but not limited to, collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
• Document сheck
For fraud detection, Sumsub subjects Personal data from photos and scanned copies of documents to automated reading and verification of authenticity by conducting different checks, such as completeness of records, screenshots detection, or cross-checking of all data from all submitted documents (e.g. name, date and place of birth, signature). We also check the document's security features, including the embedded security chip, machine-readable zone (MRZ), barcodes, QR codes and other security components used for genuine data validation. Our system analyses the results of the above to make an inference regarding the document’s trustworthiness.
• Biometric processing methods
Sumsub may process biometrics to verify whether provided facial images are likely to match depending on the Service chosen by a particular Client. The processing of biometrics means extracting facial features from uploaded or recorded facial images on government-issued identity documents submitted by Users and comparing them.
There are several reasons why Clients ask for such biometrics processing. Generally, Clients may wish to check whether an identity document genuinely belongs to a User by comparing a provided facial image to the facial image contained in the identity document.
In addition, Clients may ask us to check whether a User is alive and genuine. To do this, we use our Liveness check to determine if the User isn’t holding a mobile phone, showing any signs of constraint, or attempting to defraud the system using emulators, static images, or ‘deep fakes’. As a rule, Users are prompted to blink, smile, or move their device while passing Liveness. During such checks, we may also detect signs of fraud or other spoofing attacks by comparing Users’ facial features to those of known masks. Simultaneously, we may also check whether the User may be generating multiple identities by inspecting whether we have previously verified him/her on behalf of a particular Client. To determine if the User is known to a specific Client, we compare the User's facial image to those of other Users previously verified on behalf of that particular Client.
When required by Clients, we assist in the authentication process. For this, Clients may ask their Users to pass liveness. During this process, a User’s face is recognized, and the result is compared with the biometric data records of the said User obtained previously. For each authentication attempt, we will compare the new liveness facial image with the biometrics of the said User obtained previously.
For each authentication attempt, we will compare the new liveness facial image with the biometrics of the said User obtained previously.
• Video identification processing
Usually, video identification is a process where a person who is to be identified and an employee-operator sit opposite one another "face to face" in video transmission and communicate with one another. The process is carried out if a Client has a legal obligation to do so (for example, due to AML / CFT regulation). To perform video identification, we provide Clients with functionality so that they can conduct a video interview with Users during onboarding. If Clients prefer, the video identification interview can be carried out by Sumsub operators. The content of the video interview and its nature are also completely dependent on the Client’s requirements.
• Data validation
These data validation checks enable Clients to verify data against databases of third-party Data Providers and detect whether a User is involved in illicit activities, money laundering or terrorism financing. To do this, we will check the data extracted from the uploaded documents or provided by the User against a database of third-party Data Providers. Data Providers we may use depend on Clients’ needs and Users’ location and may include ID registers, proof of address checks, the Social Security Administration and other government or commercial sources and databases, consumer credit agencies, PEP lists, global and country-specific sanctions lists, and adverse media sources.
Throughout the course of Clients’ relationship with their Users, we may assist Clients in periodically screening Users’ data against databases to help prevent, detect, and investigate fraud and money laundering.
Sometimes, Clients ask us to conduct phone or email risk scoring. When we do it, we screen a User’s email address or phone number with the combination of IP address, where available, together with the publicly available information provided by the Third-Party Processors or Data Providers, based on the data mentioned above and get the risk labels based on its registrations on the web, domain name, delivery option and other parameters.
• Know Your Transaction or KYT check
KYT is a check that analyses transaction data relating to senders and recipients. It enables Clients to detect and report unusual/uncharacteristic behaviour and patterns that are characteristic of money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or other illicit activity.
• Know Your Business or KYB check
If a Client subscribes to the KYB check, it requires us to verify the existence, details, ownership, and control structure (e.g., ultimate beneficial owner(s)) of a legal entity through analysis of corporate documents and review of corporate registries, where available.
• Crypto Travel Rule Solution
Clients may order this check for compliance with their legal obligations under the AML/CFT legislation. This mandates the Virtual Asset Service Provider, or VASP, which could be our Client, to obtain, verify, hold and exchange the particular transaction sender and recipient information with their counterparty VASPs during or before the transaction. When carrying out this check, we verify a User's identity and transfer to/ receive from the Client's counterparty VASP particular User's data using special messaging protocols, such as Travel Rule Protocol (TRP), Sumsub API protocol, and platforms providing encrypted messages and data flows.
• Fraud detection
Sumsub implements a fraud detection and control network based on the anti-fraud checks required by our Clients and those included in our Services by default (e.g., Photoshop use or risk triggers calculation). Such checks require collecting, analysing, and re-using recorded User data.
Generally, Sumsub verifies whether a User’s attributes—geolocation (IP address), device signature (operating system and camera name), email address, or mobile phone—have previously been involved in or related to any fraudulent activity or may currently signal suspicious behaviour patterns and otherwise point out that the User is fake. At a Client’s order, we may check information with our Data Providers on AML/CFT regulations requirements, such as screening through adverse media mentions match or checking for residency in high-risk countries. Besides, we check whether Users create multiple identities by inspecting whether we have previously verified a User on behalf of a particular Client using biometric data comparison techniques.
All these checks are designed to help us and Clients assess the likelihood of customer trustworthiness, flag potentially fraudulent activities and assign a relevant risk score when the Client needs to acknowledge cases when Users generate multiple identities, compromise their data, or manipulate device or network information. Clients may consult with the fraud detection and control network on the fraud-related level of risk of Users under the onboarding process without accessing any Personal data.
• Automated decision-making relief and checks
We conduct identity verification checks on behalf of Clients; however, we do not make any final decisions. Our role is to provide Clients with reports containing information about the identity verification process and results (with the reasoning behind them reflecting the level of fraud or another risk, if any). The reasons are derived from the work of our system and its algorithms, including those based on a symbiosis of machine learning models and human supervision and intervention. The final decision on a User onboarding is made by a human on the Client’s side when the checks' result is transmitted to the particular Client. Clients consider this information while deciding to accept or decline a User application, request further checks, or continue to service that User following their risk assessment and investigations.
The checks are either automated, semi-automated, or done by humans. When we carry out checks, we implement a complicated verification system that includes human presence and machine work. A human will be involved if the system cannot reach a verdict on its own or recheck the system verdict. It may occur when the data is uncertain or the system faces some other difficulty in analysing information during the verification session. Thus, we contribute to ensuring that the verification process is fair and safe for Users.
Certain Sumsub checks may be fully automated due to simplicity, using machine learning, or Clients’ request. When Clients use check results to make final decisions regarding Users undergoing verification, Clients may automate the final decision-making process. When Clients make automated decisions, including those based on our check results, they shall inform you of the legal grounds and, if necessary, obtain your consent. Any User can appeal automated decisions by reviewing the methods provided on a Client's side.
As a service provider, we may have different verification steps for some Clients that require full supervision by a human.
When you've passed verification successfully.
All required checks have been successfully completed. This means that the data you've provided is genuine and compliant with the requirements of a particular Client and approved by the Client. Now you are allowed to use the service for which you passed the verification process.
When you cannot pass verification successfully.
Some of the checks need to be carried out again with additional information. It means that some of the data provided by you do not comply with a Client's requirements by posing some risk or seeming potentially suspicious or fraudulent (e.g., the device you took the photo with is different from that which you used to pass the whole verification process or the data presented are inconsistent). In this case, we return results to the Client for further consideration by tagging them with the relevant tag (e.g., 'WRONG_ADDRESS' or 'INCOMPLETE_DOCUMENT'). Then, the service for which you initiated the verification check will consider and evaluate the results and ask for additional information from you to clarify your application. The Client may reject or freeze your application following its risk procedures or other internal policies.
As part of the processing of your Personal data within the UKDIATF, decisions may be made by automated means. This means we may automatically decide that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk if our processing reveals your behaviour to be consistent with money laundering or known fraudulent conduct, or is inconsistent with your previous submissions, or you appear to have deliberately hidden your true identity. You have rights in relation to automated decision making: see more in
Provision 11
.
If we, or a fraud prevention agency, determine that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk, our Clients may refuse to provide the services or financing you have requested, or to employ you, or they may stop providing existing services to you. A record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be retained by the fraud prevention agencies, and may result in others refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you.
• Service development
Our Clients use our Services to detect whether a real person is passing the identity verification process, as well as any impersonation or spoofing attempts, to prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, and other activities that are considered a matter of public interest. That is why we, as a service provider, are responsible for providing the highest quality services. For this reason, where we have the authorization of our Clients, and it is not prohibited by applicable law, we as a Data Controller use Personal data to develop and improve our Services by building and enhancing algorithms, developing and testing new verification options, products and services.
We do this in two ways. We deploy a system recognizing specific patterns in the information and making predictions about new datasets based on those patterns by training our algorithms or so-called 'machine learning.’ Machine learning helps create models based on the information provided by Users, such as signs of potential fake data, and selects the best models to be integrated into our system. The development of services also includes continuous improvement and assessment. We review our service delivery methods to ensure that we comply with Clients’ requirements and work appropriately by testing and correcting new features and functions. We implement initial and ongoing training for our analysts to perform those tasks to prevent machine learning models' automatic judgement. It is also beneficial while machine learning models are in the stage of development and aren't adequately suited to perform such tasks.
• Reusable KYC
In this model, our Clients may partner with each other to simplify and speed up verification for mutual Users that have already passed KYC via Sumsub. Clients ask Sumsub to create a data flow that exchanges previously verified Sumsub KYC data between two different services. Sumsub provides such functionality only after confirmation that these Clients have all necessary legal arrangements. Before sharing the data, Users are asked for consent to such actions.
6. Types of personal data processed by Sumsub
We may collect and further process the following Personal data of Users depending on the particular Service being provided to Clients:
Categories of personal data
Examples
General personal data
Full name, sex, personal identification code or number, date of birth, legal capacity, nationality and citizenship, location (street, city, country, and postcode).
Identity document data
Document type, issuing country, number, expiry date, MRZ, information embedded into document barcodes (may vary depending on the document), security features.
Facial image data
Photos of the face (including selfie images) and photos or scans of the face on the identification document, videos, and sound recordings.
Biometrical data
Facial features.
Banking details
Cardholder name, expiry date, first 6 and last 4 digits of the card number.
Contact details
Address, e-mail address, and phone number.
Data concerning health
ID number of COVID passport, date of issuance of the passport, name, date of birth, test result.
Transaction data
Full name of the sender and the recipient, the address of the sender and the recipient, and the Unique identifier of the counterparties provided by Sumsub and the particular Client.
Crypto transaction data (Crypto Travel Rule Solution and Wallet Address Book)
Full name of the sender and the recipient, the physical (geographical) address of the sender, or national identity number, or customer identification number (i.e., not a transaction number) that uniquely identifies the originator to the ordering institution, or date and place of birth, recipient account number (e.g., wallet address), wallet address hash, asset, chain, dates of creation and update, VASP ID owner, source type, source provider, client ID.
Technical data
Information regarding the date, time, and activity in the Services; IP address and domain name; software and hardware attributes (e.g., camera name and type); general geographic location (e.g., city, country) from User’s device.
Geolocation data
IP address.
Unique identifier
Applicant ID created only for identifying the  User in the Sumsub system.
Relevant publicly available data
Information regarding a person’s status as a Politically Exposed Person (PEP) or presence on sanctions lists.
Additional information
Data provided by the User during communication with Sumsub (e.g., requests, reports).
Device behavioural data
User ID, device fingerprint data (screen size, user agent, browser, incognito mode, type of device, operating system,  geolocation), screen resolution, session languages, operating system verification, focus/blur of the window, time of the day, focus in/out, paste, mouse movement, battery usage to detect emulator, detect touch/mouse/keystroke events, G meter/AccelMeter
7. Processing children’s personal data
Sumsub may process Personal data of children, understood as individuals under the age of majority under national laws of a Client’s country of incorporation, when the Client ensures that the person with parental responsibility for the child has consented to such processing or when the child may consent themselves to the processing according to the national laws without parental consent. As the data controller, it is the Client's responsibility to determine when parental consent is required based on the type of Personal data collected, and to fully understand the regulatory requirements and age restrictions related to processing data without parental consent in the countries where the Client operates and from which it gathers Users. If Sumsub becomes aware that a child's Personal data has been submitted without the necessary parental consent (for instance, through an internal audit), the data may be deleted without undue delay.
8. The lawfulness of personal data processing
When Sumsub is engaged by its Clients to perform identity verification procedures in respect of their Users, the processing of Personal data by Sumsub is covered by those legal grounds that are relied on by the Clients Sumsub has the Agreement with. In line with Article 6 of the EU and UK GDPR, Controllers should rely on an appropriate legal ground when processing Personal data. Most of our Clients rely on the following grounds for processing Personal data:
Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR: “[personal data] processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject”;
Article 6(1)(e) of the GDPR: “[personal data] processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest”;
Article 6 (1)(a) of the GDPR: “the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes”.
We may process your Special categories of personal data if a Client has a reasonable legal ground for such processing. Clients who process biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a User may rely on following legal bases to do so:
Article 9(2)(g) of the GDPR: “processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest, on the basis of Union or Member State law which shall be proportionate to the aim pursued, respect the essence of the right to data protection and provide for suitable and specific measures to safeguard the fundamental rights and the interests of the data subject”;
Article 9(2)(a) of the GDPR: “the data subject has given explicit consent to the processing of those personal data for one or more specified purposes, except where Union or Member State law provides that the prohibition referred to in paragraph 1 may not be lifted by the data subject”.
For the exact legal basis of processing Special categories of personal data, please refer to the privacy policy of the Client whose services you want to use.
Where Sumsub pursues its purposes, as said in
Provision 4
of this Notice, Sumsub relies on Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR – legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest arises from the strict necessity of internal analysis and ongoing development and improvement of Sumsub's Services that our Clients use to detect fraud and illicit activities to prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, and other activities, which are considered a matter of substantial public interest. In this case, we use legitimate interest if the Client grants us permission to process data provided that Sumsub's purposes are compatible with those initial purposes for which the Personal data has been collected. Such purposes are compatible due to the obligations or interests of our Clients regarding the combat of fraud and detection of any illegal actions. If Personal data we process for our own purposes are Special categories of personal data such as biometric data, we rely on substantial public interest as the basis for processing as provided in Article 9(2)(g) of the GDPR.
When Sumsub processes Personal data as a data controller for the purpose of providing Applicants with Sumsub ID, we rely on the necessity for the performance of a contract with the Applicant (Article 6 para. 1 letter b) of the GDPR) for normal categories of Personal data. The processing of biometric data for the purpose of Sumsub ID provision is carried out based on an Applicant’s explicit consent (Article 9 para. 2 letter a) of the GDPR).
Sumsub may be under a 'litigation holds' requirement, such as an existing legal claim, juridical procedure, or other legal obligation. In this case, Sumsub applies the legal ground specified in Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR, which states that processing personal data is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which Sumsub is subject.
9. Identity Verification services within the UK Digital Identity and Attribute Trust Framework (UKDIATF)
Sumsub carries out Right to Work (RTW), Right to Rent (RTR) checks under the requirements foreseen in the Department for Culture, Media and Sport’s UK Digital Identity and Attributes Trust Framework (UKDIATF) (for Medium and High levels of confidence).
Sumsub acts as Identity Service Provider (IDSP), and provides RTW and RTR identity verification services under instructions of Clients (employers, landlords, etc.) or for individuals acting on their own behalf.
For the purposes of this section, the RTW and RTR checks entails document check, biometric personal identity verification, identity fraud checks* as described in
Provision 5
of this Privacy Notice. Sumsub also provides activity history check (where it’s required), which is a check of records that show the person has regularly interacted with other organisations or people (e.g., educational organisations, financial organisations, travel companies or border or immigration authorities, utility services, etc.).
*If Sumsub suspects an Applicant committing identity fraud or a criminal offence when using Sumsub's identity verification solution, Sumsub reserves the right to retain the information about committed attempts and assign a risk score available for other Clients.
The Personal data we have collected from you will be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance, or employment. Further details of how your information will be used by us and these fraud prevention agencies, and your data protection rights, can be found at
https://www.cifas.org.uk/fpn
.
In the context of Identity Verification services within the UKDIATF:
When Sumsub processes Applicants’ Personal data provided by its Clients (employers, landlords, etc.) to provide services to our Clients, Sumsub’s Clients are Data Controllers and Sumsub is a Data Processor; in that scope we rely on our Clients’ instructions who determine the legal basis for data processing;
Sumsub is a Data Controller when it processes Personal data of Applicants’ requesting the checks on their own behalf;
As a certified IDSP when we carry out identity fraud checks against the databases operated by Cifas, including filing fraud reports, we also have a legitimate interest in preventing fraud and money laundering and we act as a joint-controller with Cifas.
To ensure that Applicants understand and agree with how their data is used, Sumsub asks Applicants to accept a User Agreement as required by the UKDIATF.
Sumsub collects the following data:
For RTW and RTR
forename, middle names (if any), current surname, date of birth;
image of the main page of the identity document, showing: the individual’s name, data or birth, nationality, and photograph; and the document’s expiry date;
biometrical data: facial scan(s);
Possible Personal data recipients are described in
Provision 16
of the Privacy Notice.
Other provisions of the Privacy Notice are applied in ordinary form to the data processing activities under the RTW, RTR checks (e.g., Data Subjects’ rights, measures to ensure data protection and so on).
10. Identity verification services involving Qualified Electronic Signature
This section of the Privacy Notice explains the data processing within the services carried out for the issuance of a qualified electronic signature/seal which allows the entity to enter into a business relationship.
This section applies when the procedures and relevant documentation for eIDAS framework become publicly available in Sumsub`s repository.
The definitions used in this section are understood in the way as they are specified in the Trust Service Practice Statement (TSPS) of Sumsub which can be found in the eIDAS repository and the EU/UK GDPR.
Scope of services
Before entering into a relationship with Client, the Subscriber and Subject (if applicable) apply for a QES and previously pass identity verification procedure based on any of the available Sumsub’s certified methods. Successfully passed identity verification allows the QTSP to issue a QES. The Subject signs all documents provided by Client using the QES.
The certified identity proofing solution includes the following methods:
Autoidentification procedure: a document-based, asynchronous check of identity documents which can involve NFC-chip scanning;
Video identification procedure: a live video interview with a registration officer;
eID verification procedure;
Know-your-business (KYB) procedure.
Data controllers
Sumsub group of companies
together with the
Qualified Trust Service Provider
are acting as data controllers for the entity's identity verification and issuance of a QES respectively.
Purpose
The purpose of data processing is identity verification to issue QES certificates in accordance with eIDAS.
Data storage
The obligation to store personal data is set in accordance with the regulations of the eIDAS framework in conjunction with the national regulation to ensure the provided services are secure.
Data processing under eIDAS framework
The following rules and requirements for data processing apply to Sumsub in accordance with the established purpose and applicable legal scope:
Data subjects
Purpose for data processing
Categories of processed personal data
Lawful basis for processing
Retention period
Identity verification of Subscribers and Subjects by Sumsub
Users applying for the certificates of qualified electronic signatures/seals
Identity verification of Subscribers and Subjects
General personal data:
Full name, sex, personal identification code or number, date of birth, place of birth, age, nationality.
Identity document data:
Document type, issuing country, number, expiry date, MRZ, information embedded into document barcodes (may vary depending on the document), security features, images of the documents and video recording of the documents provided by the Subscribers and stored in the Sumsub System.
Facial image data:
Photos of the face (including selfie images) and photos or scans of the face on the identification document, videos, and sound recordings; facial features (biometrical data).
Contact details:
Phone number and e-mail address.
Technical data:
Information regarding the date, time, and activity in the Services; IP address and domain name; software and hardware attributes (e.g., camera name and type); general geographic location (e.g., city, country) from your device.
Depending on a particular identity verification service provided by Sumsub the scope of collected and verified data may differ from the above mentioned list. The data scope may be less than specified in this section and/or contain additional attributes, e.g. current address verification, e-mail address verification.
Consent & necessity for compliance with a legal obligation
Evidence of the identity verification process, personal data contained in a certificate of QES, the confirmation of acceptance of the consent and general terms and conditions (logs) will be retained by Sumsub for
at least seven years after the certificate of QES ceases to be valid
according to the requirement of ETSI EN 319 411-1
(alternatively, this data may be retained by the QTSP
for the same period of time or more
).
Issuance of a QES certificate by a qualified trust service provider
Subjects to whom the certificates of qualified electronic signatures/seals (QES) are being issued
Issuance of a QES certificate
Including (but not limited to): name, first name, unique applicant ID number, mobile phone number. The categories of processed personal data are defined by the qualified trust service provider.
Consent & necessity for compliance with a legal obligation
Evidence of the identity verification process, personal data contained in a certificate of QES, the confirmation of acceptance of the consent and general terms and conditions (logs) will be retained by Sumsub for
at least seven years after the certificate of QES ceases to be valid
according to the requirement of ETSI EN 319 411-1
(alternatively, this data may be retained by the QTSP
for the same period of time or more
).
Data subject's rights
The Data subject is endowed with rights specified in the Privacy Notice, however, taking into account that a consent for processing of personal data cannot be withdrawn in regards to the issuance of QES and supporting procedures, e.g. identity verification.
Application of the Privacy Notice to this section
The relationship between Client and Sumsub where Sumsub acts as a processor on behalf of Client (data controller) explained in the Privacy Notice may apply to the relationship described in this section upon a request of Client in order to comply with Client’s applicable AML/CFT, anti-fraud laws and regulations, age restrictions acts and/or other laws and regulations and/or the entity`s customer due diligence procedures in accordance with the laws governing the intended business relationship.
The remaining provisions of the Privacy Notice apply to this section unless this section expressly states otherwise.
11. Personal data retention period
The retention period depends entirely on the processing purpose. Our Clients define how long personal data should be stored and when to delete it. Generally, in line with AML / CFT regulations, regulated financial companies are obliged to store the User's data for five years after the termination of the Client’s relationship with the User or the date of the occasional transaction. In some jurisdictions, there may be a longer mandatory data retention period.
Please note that if you, as a User, would like to make a request to delete the personal data that you have provided for the purpose of a particular Client, please make that request directly to the Client that controls your verification process. For more information about how to do this, please see
Provision 11
.
In general, Personal data, including biometric data, will be retained and stored by Sumsub and will be permanently destroyed based on a Client’s instructions when the Client’s initial purpose and/or retention period prescribed by applicable law expires, but no longer than for the period of contractual relationship with the Client.
Where Sumsub independently defines the compatible purposes or is under a legal obligation, Personal data, including biometric data, will be destroyed after Sumsub’s purposes for collecting the biometric data have been satisfied (and one (1) year of the date the purpose for collecting the data expires for residents of Texas) or after five (5) years from the provision of data to the Sumsub system, whichever occurs first. For the residents of Illinois, the retention period of Personal data, including biometric data, will be three (3) years from the date of data provision to the Sumsub system.
Disposal and Destruction Policy
Any Personal data is deleted only after (a) obtaining an applicant's data deletion request in line with corresponding procedures by a Client or the Data Subject or (b) the satisfaction of the purpose for data processing, including expiration of retention period prescribed by applicable law.
To delete data from the Sumsub Identity Verification System (Dashboard and storage space), we call a method that searches for a unique applicant identifier (Applicant ID) inside the database. The database contains references, or object IDs, connected to the applicant’s Personal data provided to the system. After seeking all these references, the Dashboard system automatically removes them one by one by calling the AWS S3 API Object Deletion method, providing Object IDs are placed in the S3 bucket. After all referenced objects are found and deleted from the S3 bucket, the original applicant's Personal data is also deleted from Sumsub’s internal database located on AWS Servers. Deletion of biometrics should render it non-recoverable, even using forensic information recovery techniques.
To delete data from the equipment, we implement measures in accordance with the particular operational system of the equipment. If the information is intended to be rendered non-recoverable, the deletion must be executed by the person who owns it (typically, who has created it) by the ‘empty trash bucket’ mechanism. If any of the methods above is not secure enough considering the sensitivity of the information and such information may be recovered again, the equipment storage medium must be destroyed completely (e.g. shredded, disintegrated, pulverised, or incinerated by burning the device in a licensed incinerator, etc.) in the presence of the asset owner.
To delete data from the files located in the removable media, we call the setting and tools designated to the relevant sanitisation method - clearing or purging. If the purging method is not secure enough considering the sensitivity of the information and such information may be recovered again, the removable media containing such information must be destroyed completely (e.g. shredded, crushed, disintegrated, pulverised, or incinerated by burning the device in a licensed incinerator, etc.).
To delete data from mobile devices, we use the means of a particular device. If a certain mobile device is intended to be reused/recycled/donated or is no longer to be used by the Sumsub staff, this staff member must reset the device to the original settings. As a general rule, the procedure for Apple iPhone and iPad OS: Select 'Settings > General > Reset > Erase All Content and Settings menu. For Android OS devices: Select ‘Settings > Backup & Reset > Factory Data Reset > Reset Phone’.
It’s forbidden to handle any sensitive data in any equipment, removable media or mobile devices.
Any request to delete all or any Personal data related to a User is fulfilled within 30 days. This period is justified by the complexity of the systems and technologies Sumsub operates to process the data.
Users’ Personal data may be retained for up to 90 days (from a Client’s request for data deletion) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request and investigation; to assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of the Client’s or Sumsub’s terms of service, or threats to the security of the Services or the physical safety of any person. Sumsub will delete such Personal data of the affected User when no longer legally obligated or reasonably required to retain it.
When the processing purposes differ from those specified above, Sumsub maintains the following retention period considering the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Personal data and the purposes for which we’re permitted to process it.
When we develop and improve identity verification services to prevent and detect fraud and other illicit activity, we will keep Personal data in a pseudonymised format for the period required to calibrate and select the perfect algorithm and model for detecting fraud and other illicit activity. We may also have to store some records that have been confirmed as relating to fraudulent applications or accounts or obtaining and maintaining records to prove our compliance with legal obligations in and outside the EU and the UK. For example, regarding consent activity log history, the retention period is defined by the criteria derived from requirements by law regarding limitation periods, other applicable regulatory requirements, contractual provisions and industry standards.
When the purpose refers to the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (so-called ‘litigation hold’), the retention period is limited to the duration of such proceedings in a specific case or circumstance.
In any case, we do not keep your data longer than we have a lawful basis for doing so.
12. Data Subjects’ rights
Upon written request from a Client, Sumsub assists the Client in exercising Data Subject’s rights. According to privacy laws, you have the right:
to obtain confirmation
as to whether or not your personal data are being processed;
to rectify personal data
, or, in other words, to correct the wrong information or complete it;
to erase personal data, or “right to be forgotten”
. Please note that this right is not absolute and applies only if (i) your Personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which was collected or otherwise processed, (ii) you object to the processing, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing of Client; (iii) the Personal data have been unlawfully processed;
to restrict personal data processing
where (i) the accuracy of the Personal data is contested (during the period when the Client is able to verify its accuracy); (ii) the processing is unlawful, and you object to the erasure of the Personal data and request to restrict their use instead; (iii) the Client no longer needs the Personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; (iv) you have objected to processing pending the verification whether Client’s legitimate grounds override those of yours;
to be informed
as to rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of their processing;
to data portability
, or, in other words, to receive your personal data in an appropriate format to be able to provide it to another party or transfer your personal data from one controller to another;
to object to personal data processing
if the processing is justified by the ‘public interest’ or ‘legitimate interest’ legal grounds as set out in points (e) and (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR;
not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing
unless (i) such decision is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between you and the Data Controller; (ii) such decision is authorised by the law to which the Data Controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests or (iii) such decision is based on your explicit consent;
to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
. If you want to complain about the processing activities of our Clients (the service you were verified for), please refer to the methods specified in their privacy policies. When it relates to the processing activity of Sumsub (please check it
here
), you can use the following ways: If you're a resident of the UK, please follow this
link
. If you're a resident of the EU, please follow this
link
.
To ask Sumsub to execute the rights mentioned above or redirect the request to the Client, you should send a free-form email to
privacy@sumsub.com
or use this
form
. The information on actions taken in response to any request is provided to you within one month. That period may be extended by two further months where necessary, considering the complexity and number of the requests. In this case, we will inform you of any such extension within one month of receipt of the request, and the reasons for the delay.
Please be kindly aware that when you ask us for the execution of the rights as stated above, we may have to take steps to verify that you are the legitimate data owner and/or authorised to make the request due to a Client's request or our own legal obligation.
Sumsub guarantees that making a request for receiving Personal data is free unless a reasonable cost is to be charged where requests are unfounded, excessive, or repetitive in character.
13. Withdrawing consent and objection to legitimate interest mechanism
Sumsub assists Controllers (Clients) with the obligation of providing the mechanism for withdrawal of consent (Article 7 (3) EU GDPR and UK GDPR) and objection to processing based on legitimate interests (Article 21 (1) EU GDPR and UK GDPR).
Depending on the legal basis of processing that a Client relies on (consent or legitimate interest), the right to withdraw consent or the right to the object of processing can be exercised.
Sumsub does not make decisions regarding such requests on its own, as Sumsub acts in accordance with the written instructions of Clients, who exercises control over Personal data. Sumsub can only redirect a User’s request to the Client for whom the User was verified.
To withdraw consent or object to processing by Sumsub, you can use this link to form your request. Please note that to object to data processing, there should be overriding grounds to those we have under the legitimate interest. We underline that due to the importance of identity verification and fraud prevention to the world's financial system - so-called public interest - for which the Personal data checks are carried out, it will be rare that we have no compelling, overriding grounds to continue using the Personal data following an objection. Generally, under the given circumstances, there are better options than to terminate the processing of Personal data under the objection request. For example, it would be unfair to hide the result of previous fraudulent patterns that could allow a person to steal money from the account by pretending to be another person.
14. Responsibilities
[a] Sumsub’s responsibilities, and the DPO
Sumsub is responsible for establishing policies and procedures in order to comply with the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted via the following e-mail address:
privacy@sumsub.com
.
[b] Sumsub DPO’s responsibilities
Sumsub’s Data Protection Officer holds responsibility for
drawing up guidance and promoting compliance with this Privacy Notice;
appropriate compliance with the EU GDPR, UK GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018;
ensuring that any Personal data breaches are resolved, catalogued and reported appropriately in a swift manner;
investigating and responding to complaints regarding data protection, including Data Subject’s requests.
[c] Sumsub’s personnel responsibilities
Sumsub personnel involved in Personal data processing comply with the requirements of this Privacy Notice and other internal rules. This personnel ensures that:
all personal data is kept securely;
no Personal data is disclosed either verbally or in writing, accidentally or otherwise, to any unauthorised third party;
any queries, requests and complaints regarding data protection are promptly directed to the Data Protection Officer;
any data protection breaches are swiftly brought to the attention of the management and the Data Protection Officer;
where there is uncertainty regarding a data protection matter, advice is sought from the Data Protection Officer.
[d] Third-Party Processors acting on behalf of Sumsub
Where third-party companies are engaged to process Personal data on behalf of Sumsub, responsibility for the security and appropriate use of the data remains with Sumsub.
Before engaging a Third-­Party Processor, Sumsub ensures that it provides sufficient guarantees regarding Personal data security. In particular, a written contract establishing the types of Personal data to be processed and the purposes of such processing, as well as containing provisions on Personal data protection, are concluded between Sumsub and the Third-­Party Processor.
15. Specific measures to ensure data protection
Sumsub takes specific measures to ensure Personal data protection, including, but not limited to, the following:
where applicable, all Personal data processing is conditioned on respective Agreements, non-disclosure agreements, and data processing agreements compliant with the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR;
Sumsub’s specially designed API interface (iFrame) enables Data Subjects to submit Personal data directly to Sumsub’s secure servers;
all personal data is always securely stored on the servers located in safe European data centres of a security level no lower than Tier 3
1
;
all Personal data is encrypted;
personnel involved in Personal data processing is officially authorised and undergoes background checks, where it is obligatory, and regular training;
Sumsub regularly carries out internal and external data protection and information security audits and vulnerability assessments. In particular, compliance with the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR requirements, ISO/IEC 27001, 27017 and 27018, SOC 2 Type 2, and PCI DSS has been demonstrated. Visit our
Security and Compliance section
for more information.);
where the processing of certain Personal data (e.g., children’s Personal data or sensitive data under certain data protection laws) would be unlawful, Sumsub takes all possible measures to identify and delete or, where appropriate, encrypt such data immediately upon its submission;
physical, software and network security guarantees as set out below are implemented.
1
At present, all personal data is stored and processed on specially designated servers in Germany. When data localisation in a certain region is required by law, Sumsub provides such an opportunity, where possible, based on the contract/Client request (e.g., Personal data of Bahrain residents is stored in the Bahrain region).
Suppose certain types of Personal data, such as the Dutch BSN, Korean RRN, Japanese My number card and related sensitive data, or Singaporean NRIC number, as well as other country-specific requirements, are under special protection regimes (if any). In those cases, Sumsub will take the necessary measures not to process such data, such as requesting a User to cover data with a sticker or processing restrictions using blurring technology, unless the respective Client has a legal basis for processing it freely.
16. Personal data breaches
Where a Personal data breach occurs or is suspected, it is reported immediately to the Data Protection Officer (DPO) or a director and, where applicable, to the data protection authority, the respective Client and, if applicable, to the individual affected by the breach. The report includes full and accurate details of the incident (including its reasons and magnitude) and outlines the planned measures to eliminate the breach.
The report is provided directly to the concerned Client, and further breach mitigation is supported.
17. Data disclosure
[a] Third Parties
If Clients agree, Sumsub may use third parties for data processing activities, which include the following categories:
Third-party processors
as reasonably necessary for the provision of a service under an Agreement with a respective Client engaging them to process certain data;
Data providers
when it is supposed to be used for the provision of Service under an Agreement with a respective Client; and
Sumsub Group of companies
for assistance in service delivery and
Sumsub EU representative
for granting the opportunity to Data Subjects and Supervisory authority to address Sumsub within EU borders for the purposes of Article 27 of the EU GDPR.
Sumsub requires third parties to respect the security of Personal data and treat it according to the applicable law. In addition, third parties are mostly limited to only accessing or using Personal data to provide services to Sumsub and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data in line with
Provision 13[d]
of this Notice.
Sometimes, certain third-party subprocessors engage particular data providers who can maintain and use the data for their own legitimate purposes.
[b] Recipients
Where it is required by law, Sumsub may have to provide Personal data to the recipients, which includes the following categories:
Governmental bodies and regulatory authorities, judicial bodies, investigation bodies, sworn bailiffs, and notaries
based on written and concrete requests or the duties binding upon Sumsub or its Clients stipulated by the legal enactments. Such sharing is conducted in line with strict compliance with derogations of the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR; and
Any other Clients
provided that there is a legitimate interest or any other legal reason for doing so, obtained consent or where Sumsub has been instructed to share the information on behalf of our Clients as specified above.
For the purposes of the RTW and RTR checks Sumsub cooperates and shares data with Cifas, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 02584687 and with our registered office at 6th Floor Lynton House, 7-12 Tavistock Square, London WC1H 9LT (Cifas) by carrying out identity fraud checks against the databases operated by Cifas, including filing fraud reports. For more information about Cifas and their data processing, please see:
https://www.cifas.org.uk/fpn
.
18. Sumsub group of companies and the EU Representative
Sumsub’s group of companies is established as a network of the following legal entities operating worldwide. The following entities constitute the Sumsub group of companies:
UK: Sum and Substance Ltd (reg. 09688671);
Germany: Sumsub GmbH (reg. HRB 204951 B);
Cyprus: Sumsub Tech Limited (reg. HE 424752), Sumsub Ltd (reg. HE 405087), Raritex Trade Ltd (reg. HE 369578).
USA, Delaware: Sumsub Inc. (reg. 6366081);
UAE: Sumsub Technology LLC (reg. 2014604);
Australia: Sum and Substance Australia Ltd. (reg. 654 444 756);
Singapore: Sumsub APAC Pte. Ltd. (red. 202345939C).
Sumsub EU representative is Sumsub LTD - incorporated and registered in Cyprus with company number HE 405087.
19. International data transfers
Sumsub confirms that all Personal data is stored on Sumsub’s servers located in the EU and/or subject to any national localisation requirements in the respective countries, where such requirements exist. Clients may choose the location of Personal data processing (including storage) to comply with the applicable laws.
Where it is necessary for Service provision or to ensure convenient and reliable communication with Data Subjects, Sumsub transfers Personal data outside of the EU/EEA the UK, or other jurisdictions (if applicable) to the third-parties and recipients indicated in
Provision 17
of this Notice.
Whenever a transfer of Personal data outside the EEA or the UK is carried out, Sumsub implements appropriate safeguards as set out in Chapter V of the EU GDPR or UK GDPR by transferring based on an EU Adequacy Decision (or UK Adequacy Regulations) or by concluding Standard Contractual Clauses. Third-Party Processors likewise rely on appropriate safeguards, which include binding corporate rules, Standard Contractual Clauses, or other lawful bases. Cross-border Personal data transfers from the UK to the EU/EEA countries are permitted by the UK Government. In cases of international data transfers from other jurisdictions (when we provide services on behalf of companies outside of Europe) we either transfer personal data to countries with adequate level of protection or using data transfer tools provided for in applicable laws such as appropriate contractual measures.
20. Sale of personal data and CCPA reference
Sumsub does not sell Personal data and strictly complies with restrictions and prohibitions under CCPA and the EU or the UK GDPR.
For more information on the CCPA application to Sumsub processing activities, please refer to the
CCPA Privacy Notification
.
21. Special notice to residents of the states of Illinois, Washington, or Texas (USA)
Personal data processed by Sumsub may include certain ‘biometric identifiers’ (such as scans of facial geometry or voiceprints) and ‘biometric information’ (data extracted from and based on biometric identifiers), which are used to verify the identity of Users.
Whenever such biometric identifiers and/or biometric information (collectively ‘biometric data’) are used as part of the Services rendered by Sumsub to any Client, such data shall be processed by Sumsub on behalf of such Client and permanently deleted as stated in
Provision 10
of this Notice. In the latter case, Sumsub shall not perform any operations regarding such data other than its storage for the period required by the applicable law.
In any event, biometric data shall only be collected and further processed by Sumsub after obtaining a written informed consent of the respective Data Subject to such collection and further processing. In case of any conflict or inconsistency between the other provisions of this Privacy Notice and the terms of this special notice, the latter shall prevail whenever the laws of the states of Illinois, Washington, or Texas (USA) apply to the legal relationship between Sumsub and any Data Subject.
Clients are independently responsible for complying with the privacy regulations, including BIPA, providing all necessary disclosures and obtaining all required consents.
22. Changes to this Notice
This Privacy Notice is constantly reviewed and amended to comply with the relevant data protection laws.
Sumsub reserves the right to amend this Notice at any time and for any reason. Any amendments will be effective immediately upon us posting the updated Privacy Notice on our Website. Our Website users waive the right to receive specific notice about such amendments. You are invited to review this Privacy Notice anytime to stay informed about updates.
If you want to observe the previous version of this Privacy Notice, please contact us at
privacy@sumsub.com
or visit this
link
. Our technical and legal support teams work 24/7 and will answer you shortly.
Sub-policy 2
https://incode.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Last Modified: February 22, 2024
Welcome to Incode Technologies, Inc. (“Incode,” “we,” “our” and “us”). Please read this Privacy Notice to learn about who we are, how we collect, disclose and use your personal data and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
You may print a copy of this Privacy Notice directly from your browser. If you have a disability, you may access this Privacy Notice in an alternative format by contacting us at
dataprotection@incode.com
.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.
Quick Links
What does Incode do?
What does this Privacy Notice cover?
Sources of personal data
What personal data does Incode collect and why does Incode collect it?
How does Incode disclose personal data?
Cookies and other similar technologies
Your choices
Data security
Data retention
Personal data of children
Additional information for Illinois residents
Additional information for California residents
Additional information for Nevada residents
Additional information for European residents
Additional information for Australian residents
Transfers of personal data
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Contact information
1. What does Incode do?
Incode is headquartered in the United States and has offices and group companies located around the world. Incode provides Incode Omni, an end-to-end identity platform that offers a frictionless customer experience at every point of contact across multiple channels. Incode Omni is deployed on third-party websites or mobile applications that belong to our customers (“Customers”) and allows our Customers to securely verify the identity of their customers or users (“Users”). You can find more information about us and Incode Omni
here
. Incode also offers IncodeID, a direct-to-consumer, frictionless identity verification platform that allows IncodeID users to verify their identity with companies that accept IncodeID.
2. What does this Privacy Notice cover?
This Privacy Notice covers our collection, use and disclosure of personal data that we gather in the usual course of business, for example, through our website at
incode.com
, including its subdomains such as
docs.incode.com
(the “Website”), when you access or use IncodeID or Incode Omni (the “Products”), through responses to surveys or questionnaires, when you send us an email or otherwise contact us or at offline locations and events (all together, the “Services”). In such case, we act as a data controller of your personal data.
Please note that we also act as a processor when providing identity verification services to certain of our Customers. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the personal data that we process as a data processor on behalf of our Customers in the course of providing Incode Omni. In those cases, we invite you to contact the relevant company or organization if you have any questions about their privacy practices.
We may provide you with additional privacy notices depending on how you interact with us and depending on the type of personal data we collect.
3. Sources of personal data
We may obtain your personal data from the following sources:
Directly from you
, such as when you use or access the Services, communicate or transact through the Website, or submit personal data online in connection with the Services.
Our vendors
, such as when our vendors provide us personal data related to you in the process of providing us their services.
Cookies and other similar technologies
, such as when you visit the Website, which may have first- and third-party tools (e.g., cookies) that help facilitate and personalize your visit to the Website or to other online services. For more information, see the section titled “Cookies and other similar technologies.”
External sources
, such as from publicly available government records and our business partners, in connection with co-marketing or other joint marketing campaigns. This does not include our vendors.
4. What personal data does Incode collect and why does Incode collect it?
The personal data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Incode and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location and applicable law. The chart below details our current practices and our practices for the 12 months preceding the Last Modified date. Note that the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you may vary depending on the nature of your interactions with us and may not include all of the examples below.
Category of personal data
Purposes for collection, use and disclosure
Identifiers, such as a real name, postal address, unique personal identifier (e.g., logins and passwords, including passwords or access codes to business partner platforms or services, if a business partner platform has already been set out for your organization), online identifier, email address, account name, IP address, device identifiers or other similar identifiers.
To provide services you ask for, including operating and maintaining our Services, providing customer service and technical support. For quality, safety and internal research, including evaluating how our Services perform, repairing or improving the quality of our Services, tracking and responding to quality and security issues and developing new or enhanced products and service offerings. To promote and offer our Products, and those of our selected partners, through co-branded service offerings and joint marketing. To understand your preferences, make recommendations, and deliver personalized offers and communications.
Personal records, such as signature, telephone number or financial information.
To provide services you ask for, including operating and maintaining our Services, providing customer service and technical support. For quality, safety and internal research, including evaluating how our Services perform, repairing or improving the quality of our Services, tracking and responding to quality and security issues and developing new or enhanced products and service offerings. To promote and offer our Products, and those of our selected partners, through co-branded service offerings and joint marketing.
Demographic data/characteristics of protected classifications, including age, nationality and gender.
To provide services you ask for, including operating and maintaining our Services, providing customer service and technical support. For quality, safety and internal research, including evaluating how our Services perform, repairing or improving the quality of our Services, tracking and responding to quality and security issues and developing new or enhanced products and service offerings. To promote and offer our Products, and those of our selected partners, through co-branded service offerings and joint marketing.
Commercial information, including purchasing history.
To provide services you ask for, including operating and maintaining our Services, providing customer service and technical support. For quality, safety and internal research, including evaluating how our Services perform, repairing or improving the quality of our Services, tracking and responding to quality and security issues and developing new or enhanced products and service offerings. To promote and offer our Products, and those of our selected partners, through co-branded service offerings and joint marketing. To understand your preferences, make recommendations, and deliver personalized offers and communications.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including how you interact with our Website, search history or other Website analytics information.
To provide services you ask for, including operating and maintaining our Services, providing customer service and technical support. For quality, safety and internal research, including evaluating how our Services perform, repairing or improving the quality of our Services, tracking and responding to quality and security issues and developing new or enhanced products and service offerings. To promote and offer our Products, and those of our selected partners, through co-branded service offerings and joint marketing. To understand your preferences, make recommendations, and deliver personalized offers and communications.
Geolocation data.
For quality, safety and internal research, including evaluating how our Services perform, repairing or improving the quality of our Services, tracking and responding to quality and security issues and developing new or enhanced products and service offerings. To understand your preferences, make recommendations, and deliver personalized offers and communications.
Sensory data, including audio, electronic, visual or similar information (e.g., photos, videos or recordings of you and your environment).
To provide services you ask for, including operating and maintaining our Services, providing customer service and technical support. For quality, safety and internal research, including evaluating how our Services perform, repairing or improving the quality of our Services, tracking and responding to quality and security issues and developing new or enhanced products and service offerings.
Professional or employment-related information.
To provide services you ask for, including providing customer service and scheduling demos.
Sensitive personal data, including information from government-issued identification (e.g., social security number, driver’s license, state identification card or passport number) and biometric information (e.g., faceprints, including facial mapping and scans of digitized images; and fingerprints, including scans of digitized images).
To provide services you ask for, including operating and maintaining our Products.
We may also collect, use or disclose all categories of personal data described above for other purposes authorized by applicable laws, including:
To help prevent the loss of life or serious injury or to protect the personal safety of Incode personnel, users of our Services, visitors or the public;
To detect, investigate, prevent or otherwise address fraud or other security and integrity issues;
As part of a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or at transfer, divestiture or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets;
To operate and maintain the security and integrity of our Services; and
To protect our rights or property, our affiliates or others including by enforcing our agreements, terms and policies.
If you are a User of our Products, you will be able to voluntarily provide your personal data, including biometric information, to verify your identity, authenticate your information and prevent fraud when you use our Customers’ websites or mobile applications. We collect your personal data through the photographic function in the applicable hardware, in each case when you initiate the capturing of a photograph, and/or when and if you manually include it.
Solely when we provide Incode Omni to our Customers, we may (as required by the Customer) disclose the personal data on your government-issued ID) and your biometric information (specifically, your faceprint) for the sole purpose of verifying your identity against the official source of your ID to obtain a YES/NO answer (i.e. you are or are not in the official database). As of the date of this Privacy Notice, we may share personal data with official sources in Mexico.
We may create aggregated data from the personal data we collect We may use such aggregated data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business.
5. How does Incode disclose personal data?
We will not share opt-in consent or phone numbers with any affiliated businesses or third parties.
We may disclose your personal data to the categories of recipients listed in this section.
Service providers
: These vendors help us provide the Services or perform business functions on our behalf. These vendors will only process your personal data for purposes described in this Privacy Notice. They include:
Hosting, technology and communication providers.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Support and customer service vendors.
Please note that in connection with the Incode Omni and Incode ID services, we may disclose your personal data to vendors such as identity verification and fraud detection agencies to help us verify your identity, gather background information about you and protect our Customers against fraud. We do so solely at the direction and on behalf of our Customers and we do not retain any personal data we receive from such agencies for our own purposes. Please contact the relevant Customer if you have any questions about the disclosure of your personal data.
Analytics partners
: These parties provide analytics on web traffic or usage of the Website. They include:
Companies that track how users found or were referred to the Website.
Companies that track how users use and interact with the Website.
Business partners
: These parties collaborate with us in offering various services. They include:
Businesses that you have a relationship with.
Companies that we partner with to offer joint offerings or opportunities.
Legal obligations
: We may disclose any personal data that we collect when required or permitted by law, such as to law enforcement agencies, courts, regulatory agencies and others, including to comply with valid legal process.
Business transfers
: Your personal data may be transferred to a third party (and their agents and advisers) if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, financing, dissolution, transfer, divestiture, sale of all or a portion of our business or assets or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part).
Consent
: We may disclose your personal data with others if we have obtained your consent to such disclosure, including where you specifically authorize or direct us to disclose your personal data to our business partners.
6. Cookies and other similar technologies
Incode and our vendors may use cookies and other similar technologies, such as pixels, tags, web beacons and trackers (collectively, “Cookies”) on the Website. We may use Cookies for several purposes, including to:
Store information to help the Website function properly,
Help you access and navigate the Website more efficiently,
Enable our servers to recognize your login information and preferences so that you do not need to enter the same information each time you visit the Website,
Tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, including collecting information about which pages on our Website you viewed or links you clicked and how you interacted with our content during your visit or over multiple visits,
Customizing your browsing experience by showing you information more likely to be relevant to you, and
Delivering and customizing advertisements and tracking advertising campaigns.
We may use third-party technologies (such as the Meta Pixel and Hotjar) in connection with your activity on the Website, including for advertising purposes and to analyze your interactions and experiences with the Website, and including the features you engage with, how you navigate, and your click/touch, movement, scroll and keystroke activity. These technology companies and advertisers may use, store, or access cookies and other tracking technologies to collect or receive information from the Website and elsewhere on the internet. To change your privacy and advertising settings with Meta, log in to your Meta account and navigate to your account settings.
We may also use certain web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help analyze how people use our Website. We use this information to implement Google advertising features such as dynamic remarketing, interest-based advertising and demographics and interests reporting. For more information on how Google Analytics uses the data it collects, visit: google.com/policies/privacy/partners. To opt-out of Google Analytics, visit: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. To adjust your Google advertising settings, visit: adssettings.google.com.
You may be able to opt-out of certain interest-based advertising using the settings on your browser or mobile device. In addition, to opt-out of interest-based advertising from companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance or European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out programs, please visit: youradchoices.com/control and
youronlinechoices.eu
.
Please note that we or other parties may collect personal data about your online activities over time and across different devices and online websites when you use the Website.
Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our Website does not currently respond to browser DNT signals. Instead, you can use the range of tools described above to control data collection and use.
7. Your choices
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can stop receiving marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please email us at
dataprotection@incode.com
contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact information” heading below.
8. Data security
We seek to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of personal data and how we are processing that personal data. You should also help protect your personal data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and other personal data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing data is completely secure.
9. Data retention
We retain personal data about you for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which it has been collected and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. For example, we will retain your personal data for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we retain personal data for longer when we have an ongoing legitimate need to do so, (for example to comply with our legal, tax or accounting obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed), or where it is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different services, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as whether your personal data is reasonably necessary to manage our operations, to manage your relationship with us or to satisfy another purpose for which we collected the personal data; whether your personal data is reasonably necessary to carry out a disclosed purpose that is reasonably compatible with the context in which we collected the personal data; whether the personal data is reasonably required to protect or defend our rights or property; or whether we are otherwise required or permitted to keep your personal data by applicable laws or regulations (including, e.g., in Illinois (3years) and Texas (1 year). Where personal data is used for more than one purpose, we may retain it until the purpose with the latest period expires.
10. Personal data of children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about children under 18 years of age; if you are a child under the age of 18, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any personal data. If we learn we have collected personal data from a child under 18 years of age, we will delete that personal data in accordance with applicable law. If you believe that a child under 18 years of age may have provided personal data to us, please contact us at
dataprotection@incode.com
.
11. Additional information for Illinois residents
If you are an Illinois resident from whom we have collected biometric information, we may retain your biometric information only until the first of the following occurs, unless otherwise required by law or our contracts with Customers: (i) the initial purpose for collecting such biometric information has been satisfied; or (ii) 3 years after your last interaction with the Incode Omnior Incode ID, in accordance with Illinois law.
12. Additional information for California residents
If you are a California resident that uses our Products or interact with us in an individual or household capacity, the following information also applies to you and supplements the information contained in this Privacy Notice. In the event of any conflict between this section and our Privacy Notice above, this section shall govern for California residents.
References to “personal data” in this section are equivalent to “personal information” as defined by California law.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
Your privacy rights.
Under the CCPA, California residents have the following rights:
Right to Access/Know:
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following personal data:
The categories and specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you in the last 12 months.
The categories of sources from which we collect personal data.
The business or commercial purposes for collecting, using, sharing or selling personal data.
The categories of personal data we have disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of recipients to which it was disclosed.
The categories of personal data we sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to which each category of personal data was sold or shared.
Right to Delete:
You have the right to request that we delete your personal data that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct:
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we have collected about you. We may request documentation from you in connection with your request. Upon receipt of a verifiable request to correct inaccurate personal data, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the personal data.
Your Opt-Out Rights:
We sell and share personal data for valuable consideration (not in exchange for money). This personal data is primarily collected via our use of Cookies. We share this personal data with our advertising partners and analytics vendors to assist with our cross-context behavioral advertising efforts. We sell and share the following categories of personal data described in Section 4 above:
Identifiers,
Internet or other electronic network activity information, and
Geolocation data.
You may opt out of the sale and sharing of your personal data via Cookies through our Cookie preference center by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of our Website. Right to Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
Exercising your rights.
To exercise the rights to access/know, delete, and/or correct, you or an agent you authorize to act on your behalf must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected personal data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use personal data provided in a request to verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an account with Incode to submit a request.
We will work to respond to your valid request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a request unless your request is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded.
You may submit a request using the following methods:
Call us at:
+1 650 446 3444
Email us at:
dataprotection@incode.com
Note that you must provide your authorized agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your authorized agent when they make a request on your behalf.
California Shine the Light Law
California law permits customers in California to request certain details about how their personal data is shared with third parties, and in some cases affiliates, if personal data is shared for those third parties’ or affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. We do not share personal data with third parties or affiliates for those third parties’ or affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. Californians may request information about our personal data sharing by contacting us at
dataprotection@incode.com
or by sending a letter to:
Incode Technologies, Inc.
101 Mission Street, Suite 900
San Francisco, CA 94105
Any such request must include your name and “California Shine the Light Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and, if sent by mail, must include your street address, city, state, and zip code.
Please note that “Shine the Light” rights and CCPA rights are granted by different laws and must be exercised separately.
13. Additional information for Nevada residents
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt out of the sale of certain personal data to third parties. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
dataprotection@incode.com
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal data as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
14. Additional information for European residents
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom (“UK”), Lichtenstein, Switzerland, Norway or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the UK GDPR and other European privacy laws with respect to your personal data, as outlined below. If there are any conflicts between this this section and any other provision of this Privacy Notice, this section shall govern for European residents. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at
dataprotection@incode.com
.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), UK or Switzerland, the controller of your personal data (excluding the processing performed on behalf of our Customers) is Incode Technologies, Inc.
Legal basis for processing personal data
We will only process your personal data if we have a legal basis for doing so. The legal basis on which we rely depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. Generally, we rely on the following legal bases:
Contractual Necessity:
We process your personal data as a matter of “contractual necessity,” meaning that we need to process the data to perform a contract with you, such as to provide you with the Services through our Customers’ applications and/or websites. When we process personal data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such personal data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Services that require such personal data.
Legitimate Interest:
We may also process your personal data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or other parties and such interest is not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Examples of these legitimate interests include:
Providing, customizing and improving the Services;
Corresponding with you;
Promoting our Services; and
Maintaining the security of our Services.
We may have other legitimate interests and if applicable, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Consent:
In some cases, we process personal data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such personal data. When we process personal data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Legal Obligation:
From time to time we may also need to process personal data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
European data subject rights
European residents have certain rights with respect to your personal data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email us at
dataprotection@incode.com
. Please note that we will respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include personal data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
Access:
You can request more information about the personal data we hold about you and request a copy of such personal data.
Portability:
You can ask for a copy of your personal data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Rectification:
If you believe that any personal data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such personal data.
Erasure:
You can request that we erase some or all of your personal data from our systems.
Restriction of Processing:
You can ask us to restrict further processing of your personal data.
Objection:
You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your personal data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your personal data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such personal data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, it will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Incode’s practices with respect to your personal data with a supervisory authority, in particular, in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Transfers of personal data
Incode is a United States company with service providers located in the United States and other countries. This means that your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal data remains protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection laws. If you are located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, these safeguards include transferring your personal data to a country that applicable authorities have determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal data, or by implementing the Standard Contractual Clauses with our Customers, service providers and partners. If you wish to obtain a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses, please contact us by sending an email to
dataprotection@incode.com.
By accessing and/or using our Services, you agree to the processing of your personal data in the jurisdiction in which we operate.
15. Additional information for Australian residents
If you reside in Australia or are using our services or interacting with Incode in Australia, the following applies to you. This section supplements, supersedes and extends the scope of this Privacy Notice generally. The remaining sections of this Privacy Notice, other than those sections which are expressly limited to foreign jurisdictions outside of Australia or are inconsistent with the specifics of this section, also apply to you and you should consider this Privacy Notice in full for full details of how we manage your personal data, including the kinds of personal data we collect, how we collect your personal data and the purposes for which your personal data is collected, held, used and disclosed.
A. Are we a data controller or data processor?
Some privacy regimes that we are subject to distinguish how we may collect, use and disclose your personal data depending on whether we are classified as a “data processor” or “data controller.” Under these regimes, we act as a processor when providing identity verification services to our Customers. The “data processor” and “data controller” distinction is not relevant to you to the extent Australian privacy law applies and we have obligations to you with respect the personal data we hold about you, even when acting as a “data processor.” The “data processor” section below explains how we collect and process personal data as data processors on behalf of our Customers in the course of providing our Services. However, these practices are dependent on, and connected with, the data collection and use practices of our Customers.
B. Information we collect as a Data Processor
In certain instances where you use the Incode Omni, we are acting as a data processor on behalf of our Customers for the purposes of certain applicable privacy laws. In these circumstances, there is no difference in the manner of how we collect your personal data, the type of personal data collected or the third parties to whom we may disclose personal data collected to. You should refer to the sections titled “What personal data does Incode collect and why does Incode collect it?” and “How does Incode disclose personal data?” for information regarding what personal data we collect and how we collect and disclose personal data, respectively, when acting as data processors on behalf of our Customers.
The purpose for which we collect your personal data when using Incode Omni remains to verify your identity, authenticate your information and prevent fraud when you use our Customers’ websites or mobile applications. When we act as data processors, exactly how and to what extent Incode Omni is applied or operated may be subject to our Customer’s instructions or control. When acting as a data processor, the personal data that you input into Incode Omni may also be collected by, or held at the direction of, our Customers. Our Customers will use and disclose such personal data in accordance with their own privacy practices and obligations and in accordance with applicable law. We invite you to contact or refer to the relevant Customer if you need any further information regarding the privacy practices of our Customers.
While your use of Incode Omni is always voluntary and subject to your consent, we note that our Customers may be required by law to verify your identity to certain prescribed standards prior to offering services to you. For further information regarding your personal data in those cases beyond the details herein included regarding Incode’s activity, we invite you to contact the relevant company or organization if you have any questions about their privacy practices. In all other cases, we act as a data controller of your personal data for the purposes of applicable privacy law.
C. Your rights under Australian privacy law
You are entitled to access the personal data we hold about you and may request that we correct any errors in the personal data we hold. If you would like to access or correct your personal data held by us, please contact us at:
dataprotection@incode.com
Australia Square
Level 33, 264 George Street
Sydney, NSW 2000.
We will take reasonable steps to allow you to access your personal data unless reasonable circumstances exist that would prohibit us from doing so.
We will correct your personal data where we are satisfied that the personal data is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading. If we correct any personal data that we have disclosed to third parties we will take reasonable steps to notify those parties of the change or update. You accept that, following a request to correct your personal data, we may be required to take reasonable steps to verify your identity or the personal data, which may include confirmation with third parties.
If you are concerned that we may have breached the Australian Privacy Principles, please contact us immediately at the contact details set out above. We will undertake a reasonable and expeditious assessment of the concern and suggest relevant resolution processes. This process will be completed as soon as practicable and in any event within 30 days. If you are unsatisfied with our response to, or resolution of, your complaint you may choose to contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at their website
www.oaic.gov.au.
D. Direct marketing in Australia
Where we use your personal data to send you marketing and promotional information you will be provided with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such information. Unless you exercise your right to opt-out of such communication, you will be taken to have consented to receive similar information and communications in the future.
16. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time, and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice at our discretion. You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “Last Modified” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.
17. Contact information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your personal data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Tel
:
+1 650 446 3444
Email:
dataprotection@incode.com
Mail
: Incode Technologies, Inc., 101 Mission Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94105
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
Manage consent
Sub-policy 3
https://www.fourthline.com/privacy-statement:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
In order to provide the best experience our website uses
cookies
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Hubspot
6
Learn more about this provider
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::b
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::f
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
_cfuvid [x2]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
9
__cf_bm [x9]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
www.fourthline.com
1
page
Used in context with the shopping cart functionality. Remembers any wish-list products and visitor credentials when checking out.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Google
9
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
ddm/fls/z/src=#;ord=1
Pending
ar_debug
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
receive-cookie-deprecation
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
NID
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Hubspot
1
Learn more about this provider
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
YouTube
22
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::requests
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
www.fourthline.com
1
gtm_session_start
Pending
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/20/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the
Cookie Policy
on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our
Privacy Policy
.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Privacy Statement
English - Privacy Statement
>
Čeština - Zásady ochrany osobních údajů
>
Deutsch - Datenschutzerklärung
>
Español - Declaración de privacidad
>
Eesti - Privaatsuspoliitika
>
Suomi - Avaldus isikuandmete puutumatuse kohta
>
Français - Déclaration de confidentialité
>
Ελληνικά - Δήλωση Απορρήτου
>
Hrvatski - Izjava o zaštiti privatnosti
>
Italiano - Informativa sulla privacy
>
Lietuvių - Privatumo pareiškimas
>
Latviešu - Privātuma paziņojums
>
Nederlands - Privacyverklaring
>
Polski - Polityka prywatności
>
Português - Declaração de Privacidade
>
Slovenčina - Vyhlásenie o ochrane osobných údajov
>
Slovenščina - Izjava o varstvu osebnih podatkov
>
Română - Declarație de confidențialitate
>