Privacy Policy
Last Modified: October 24th, 2022
Email Address:
happytreeball@163.com
This privacy policy will help you understand the following contents:
Table of Contents
Information From You We Collect and How We Use It?
Cookies and Similar Technologies
With Whom We Share Information
How Do We Store Your Personal Information?
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Your Rights and Choices
Minors' Privacy
Your Consent
Updates of This Privacy Policy
Third Parties
Contact Us
Thank you for choosing our game!
We deeply understand the importance of your personal information to you and are committed to protecting your personal information. We would like to clearly eplain to you via this "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "the policy") how we process your personal information and the means we apply to manage and protect this information for you when you use our games and/or games.
Regarding terms in this policy that (might) greatly involves your rights and the processing of sensitive personal information, we have used bold fonts, underline or other reasonable means to remind you to read.
Please note you can contact our data protection officer to request the deletion of your data through the contact information provided by us.
You may contact us via the contact information provided by us if you have any questions regarding this policy or matters related to this policy after you have read through this privacy policy. We will respond to you as soon as possible.
1.Information From You We Collect and How We Use It?
1.1 Your account register information
You can choose to register an account to log in to the product or enter without an account. When you register an account, you can use an account from a third party, such as Facebook, QQ, WeChat, Line, and Apple, to log in to our product. In doing so, you are required to provide us with your
third party account's avatar, username, account ID
, and other information. You can also choose to directly enter our product as a guest.
1.2 Device information related to you
When you are using our products and/or services, we might collect related
device information
from you in order to provide with you continuous and stable network game operation support. Related device information includes
device name, device model, Advertisement Identifiers (include
IDFA
, IDFV), operating system, application version and type related to the operations users execute on devices and behaviors of users, language settings, resolution, mobile endpoint random storage.
1.3 The information you voluntarily send to us
In the course of your using our products and/or services, you may wish to give us feedback on account management, purchase and other issues. In such situations, we may require you to provide some personal information, including personal data which includes and is not limited to
your account, E-mail address, phone number, device ID, system language, APP version, and other relevant information you voluntarily send to us.
1.4 In-App Purchase
You can acquire virtual products (used for this game only) related to our products and its related services,
including game items, auto-sub, and in-game Ads-Free via purchasing, depending the product
. The above said payment service is provided by Apple. We will only receive verification results confirming that you have completed the payment process from the Apple payment service provider, then provide corresponding products and services to you.
If you wish to learn the specific rules as to how Apple service provider collects personal information, please read Apple's privacy policy.
1.5 Only after having obtained your consent will we collect the following personal information from you via calling device permissions.
1.5.1 Native or H5 events vary in channels and regions. The
location permission
of the device you are using is required in order to achieve diversity and accuracy.
1.5.2 When you are using related features to voluntarily provide images or save images, we need
write and read permissions to your Album
to ensure that the game functions normally for you.
1.5.3 When you are willing to receive related game information, including notifications regarding updates, maintenance, changes, we will request
application notification permission
to be able to notify you.
1.5.4 When you are using related features and need to take photos, we will
request permission to use your camera
in order to ensure the feature works uninterruptedly.
1.5.5 In order to improve your gameplay, we might request
App Tracking permission
(please update your system version to the latest.).
If you wish to realize or experience the above functions, you may need to grant us corresponding permissions in your device.
You can also choose to turn off the corresponding permissions in the Settings at any time to cancel the corresponding authorizations. In different devices, the display method and turn-off method of permissions may be different. For details, please refer to the instructions or guides of the device and system developers.
Please note that individual device information, application notification permission, application tracking permissions, and others cannot identify specific natural persons' information. If we combine this non-personal information with other information to identify the identities of specific natural persons or combine other personal information together, this type of non-personal information will be regarded as personal information which shall be anonymized and de-identified during the combination period unless you are authorized or the laws and regulations demand otherwise.
2.Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use Cookies and similar technologies for the purpose of providing you with better products and/or services. With the help of these advanced technologies, we are able to track your game progress and learn about your game info so as to provide you with a smooth and high-quality user experience. We shall not apply the above-said technology for any other purpose that is not listed in this policy. Please understand that certain services can only be achieved with these above-said technologies. If your device or related program permits, you can turn off or delete the above-said technologies by changing settings or visiting those technology providers' websites. But this might affect your experience with our products/services.
3.With Whom We Share Information
We promise that we will not share, sell, disclose or in other ways the information you provide with us and the information we collect from you to any third party service providers, or collect your personal information on behalf of 3rd party providers. We will abidy by relevant laws and regulations and keep your personal information confidential.
4.How Do We Store Your Personal Information?
We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to provide you with services unless we are required by law to delete it or we accept your request to delete the information. To ensure that your personal information is protected in accordance with the law, your information collected by us will be stored in accordance with the relevant countries' laws and regulations on privacy data protection.
When we no longer need to use your personal data and we do not need to retain it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we will delete it as required to comply with relevant laws and regulations or anonymize your personal information after termination of services or operations, rendering it no longer associated with you. When deleting personal data, we will take commercially reasonable and technically feasible measures to make said personal data irrecoverable or unreproducible.
5.How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of information. For example, in some of our services, we use encryption technology to protect certain sensitive information you provide to us. We take strict management of employees who may have access to your information, including but not limited to granting different permissions according to different positions, signing non-disclosure agreements with them, and monitoring their operations. We will provide corresponding security measures to protect your information according to the existing technology and try our best to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged or lost.
Please note that no data security measures can always guarantee 100% security and you should always be cautious when it comes to your personal information.
6.Your Rights and Choices
(a)
Right to Delete
When collecting and using your information, we will provide meaningful choices for you. Please contact us via the contact information provided by us if you wish to check, edit or delete your personal profile. We will take reasonable measures after your identity is verified and your specific requirements are made clear. But please note that certain functions that require this kind of information may not be functionable after deletion.
(b)
Right to Access
You can access personal information related to you. Please contact us via the contact information provided by us if you have any questions regarding our processing your personal information.
(c)
Right to Correct
If you think our processing your personal information is wrong or the personal information you provide to us is incorrect, you can contact us via the contact information provided by us to correct them.
(d)
Right to Delete Account
You can directly contact us via the contact information provided in this privacy policy if you wish to delete your product account, at [Settings] - [Account Deletion] or at other places in the product. When requesting account deletion, we will verify your identity, account security status, and deletion conditions. You may consult our Accout Deletion policy for more details. Your personal information involved with this account will be deleted or anonymized upon game account deletion unless the laws and regulations or this privacy policy demand otherwise. Please be reminded that, once deleted, you account will be unrecoverable. User caution is advised.
7.Minors' Privacy
We think highly of the protection of the personal information of minors and constantly explore a better way to protect minors' personal information. We kindly remind all legal guardians to verify whether your ward has obtained your consent to use our products and services and provide his/her personal information. Please contact us via the information provided in Section 11 if you have any questions regarding your ward's personal information.
8.Your Consent
Your act of using our services indicates your guarantee that you have read, understood, and agree with this privacy policy and our terms of services. If you do not agree with any content in this privacy policy, you should stop using or accessing our services.
9.Updates of This Privacy Policy
We might update this privacy policy from time to time. But when we do so, we will inform you in one way or another. Sometimes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the privacy policy provided by our websites and mobile applications. At other times, we may provide you with additional notices (such as adding a statement to the home page of our website or providing you with an in-app notice).  It is strongly recommended that you check this page frequently and refer to the last modification date listed in this privacy policy.
10.Third Parties
Our services may link to other websites or mobile applications. We have integrated third-party services (including but not limited to data statistical analysis, third-party payment, advertising, etc.) with the product. The third-party platforms we cooperate with and their privacy policies are listed below. Please read the following catalogue carefully. We encourage you to check out their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practice.
AppsFlyer Statistics
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/privacy/
Bugly Error Report
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56
Firebase Statistics
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Admob
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Applovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Baidu
https://union.baidu.com/bqt/#/legal/policies
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Fyber
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
Guangdiantongyouhuiliang
https://www.tencent.com/zh-cn/privacy-policy.html
Inmobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
Ironsource
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
JD
https://union.jd.com/searchResultDetail?articleId=48778
Youkeying Klevin
https://privacy.qq.com/policy/tencent-privacypolicy
Kuaishou
https://u.kuaishou.com/home/detail/1290
Maio
https://adpf-info.i-mobile.co.jp/privacy_en/
Mintegral
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
MyTarget
https://legal.my.com/us/mytarget/privacy/
Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/general/privacy-policy/
Unity
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Sigmob
https://www.sigmob.com/policy.html
Toutiaochuanshanjia Pangle
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Line
https://line.me/en/terms/policy/
QQ
https://wiki.connect.qq.com/qq%e4%ba%92%e8%81%94sdk%e9%9a%90%e7%a7%81%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%a4%e5%a3%b0%e6%98%8e
WeChat
https://weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/readtemplate?t=opensdk_agreement&lang=zh_CN
OneSignal
https://onesignal.com/privacy
11.Contact Us
Please contact us via the information below presented information if you have any questions about this privacy policy. Our email address is
happytreeball@163.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/privacy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
English
Français
日本語
Русский
Español
简体中文
한국어
Deutsch
Portuguese
Tiếng Việt
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Privacy at AppsFlyer
The highest privacy standard in the industry
We are committed to offering the best-in-class services while adopting the most rigorous privacy measures. From specific industry regulations to international data privacy standards we don’t just lead the industry in privacy standards, we help define it.
Regional Privacy Laws
Enhancing Kids’ Privacy
Privacy-Centric Innovation
Data Subject Request Management
Privacy Documentation
Website Privacy Policy
FAQ
Regional Privacy Laws
Local expertise, global reach
We welcome a world that is more private. We have invested significant resources into providing diligent compliance across all of our solutions and teams. Our mission and responsibility, is to not only provide a fully-compliant product to our customers, but to help them ensure their own compliance as well. Click on the buttons below for an in-depth explanation of regional privacy regulations and AppsFlyer’s compliance, and detailed information related to compliance with the GDPR, CCPA/CPRA, Brazil’s LGPD, China’s PIPL, Japan’s APPI, and more.
GDPR
CCPA and other US states
Brazil LGPD
Singapore’s PDPA
UAE’s Personal Data Protection Law
Thailand’s PDPA
China’s PIPL
Japan’s APPI
Korea’s PIPA
India’s DPDP
Vietnam PDPD
Enhancing Kids’ Privacy
We’ve implemented technical and organizational measures to ensure that, by default, only the personal data necessary for each specific purpose of the service is processed in strict accordance with our customers’ instructions and configurations. Read our Kids Privacy Statement
here
.
Compliant attribution for kids’ apps
Apps that cater to kids, or audiences that may include kids, must take measures to ensure compliant attribution is secured. Download the guide
here
.
Google Family/Apple Kids Guide
This is a guide to help AppsFlyer customers implement and safeguard all of the practices introduced by the leading operating systems. Get the guide for Google Families Program
here
. Get the guide for the Apple App Store
here
.
AppsFlyer’s Privo Accreditation
AppsFlyer is proud to have achieved Privo Accreditation in our efforts to help our customers achieve COPPA compliance.
View accreditation here
.
Privacy-Centric Innovation
AppsFlyer places privacy as a core value and as such, is heavily committed to, and invested in, developing innovative privacy preserving technology and privacy-forward controls. AppsFlyer’s overarching goal is to create solutions that enable the highest standards of privacy while maintaining business excellence.
Privacy preserving technologies include:
Aggregated Advanced Privacy (AAP)
a feature that empowers advertisers to prevent the availability of user-level attribution data.
Privacy Cloud and Data Clean Room
two products that innovate collaboration and measurement by ensuring the highest standards of privacy-preserving technologies.
SKAdNetwork, Conversion Studio, and Single Source of Truth (SSOT)
advanced solutions that enable advertisers to thrive on iOS.
Predictive Analytics
a statistical technique that leverages machine learning for measurement insights.
Incrementality measurement
a feature that measures the incremental lift generated by remarketing campaigns.
The above technologies are a selection of our products that are at the forefront of privacy-preserving innovation.
AppsFlyer’s products and features enable the highest standards of privacy-centric technology.
Privacy-forward controls include:
Opt-in/Opt out for any data processing
– This enables customers to align with any consent mechanisms implemented within their app to ensure GDPR,
CCPA
or other regulatory compliance.
Opt-out from Device ID utilization (iOS -IDFA, iOS – IDFV and Android). For iOS customers may also use the Strict Mode SDK. This enables alignment with any platform policies and regulatory requirements for child directed or mixed audience applications.
Opt-out controls for customer data sharing with partners
(see also AAP for iOS for aggregated data sharing). This enables customers to comply with platform policies and regulatory requirements including requirements related to child or mixed audience applications (e.g COPPA).
Opt-in/out controls on types of data shared for in-app events
– this enables customers to control with which partners (if any at all) customers share events they choose to measure.
IP address masking
– This will mask IP addresses from any reporting and from any data customers choose to share with their partners.
Post Install deidentification
– This enables customers to measure post install events without connection to the device identifier and to the initial attribution. Other identifiers such as IP and AppsFlyer ID are hashed.
For more information on privacy preserving controls, please visit our
help center
.
Data Subject Request Management
We have developed a comprehensive range of tools to help our customers build a fully compliant stack. By adopting our tools, brands can address data subject requests across their partner ecosystems, in near real-time. Adhering to the GDPR, CCPA, LGPD and other local regulations requiring the “Right of Deletion”, our
OpenDSR API
helps organizations globally take another step toward compliance. If you want to invoke your right to be forgotten directly with AppsFlyer, please click
here
. AppsFlyer complies with the ‘right to access’, ‘right to data portability’, and ‘right to rectification’, for more information on how to enact those rights, please reach out to us.
Privacy Documentation
AppsFlyer is proud to offer a range of documentation that comprehensively addresses our approaches to data protection and privacy.
AppsFlyer Services: How We Process Customer Data
AppsFlyer’s means of processing customer’s data, as part of our services provision outlines the types of data processed, the types of end users processed, the manner in which the data is protected, and what privacy-enhancing controls and technologies are available. To read the complete guide to Processing Customer Data, click
here
.
DPA
Our Data Processing Agreement is global, meaning it is applicable to all relevant privacy regulations around the globe, including GDPR and CPRA. For more information and to download a copy of our DPA, please click
here
.
Cookie policy
AppsFlyer respects the privacy of all website visitors. AppsFlyer Cookie Policy explains our practices through which we optimize your user experience. For a full overview of our cookie practices, please click
here
.
Subprocessors
AppsFlyer minimizes the use of subprocessors, except for when absolutely necessary for the performance of the services. The local AppsFlyer subsidiary that may process your information is dependent on your location. You can find more information
here
.
Website Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you. To read the complete Website Privacy Policy, please click
here
.
FAQ
“As a company that places customer satisfaction and privacy at its core, we are constantly assessing and reassessing our privacy practices to hold ourselves accountable to the most rigorous privacy standards. In an ever-evolving landscape, AppsFlyer is setting the privacy bar today, and defining more practices for tomorrow.”
We are committed to providing customers and end users with complete transparency in relation to our privacy practices and to protecting customer data. We use the data we receive to provide services to our customers as more completely described in our Services Privacy Policy. Furthermore, we implement stringent security and organizational measures including those described here to protect your data.
The GDPR applies to Personal Data. However, Personal Data is broadly defined and includes identifiers such as IP address, cookies, and device IDs. Therefore, under such definition data collected by you through your use of AppsFlyer may be deemed Personal Data under the GDPR.
AppsFlyer employs strict physical, technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect data and meets a number of major ISO standards (e.g. 27001, 27017, 27018 and more). See AppsFlyer’s Security Page for more information.
We process the personal data of the end users of our customers who use or interact with our customers’ websites, products, services, advertisements, and mobile application services.
Please see our
Services Privacy Policy
where the categories of data are listed. Our platform allows customers to configure their data in accordance with their needs. We are a privacy-oriented company and have numerous solutions available to ensure compliance with regulations across the globe.
AppsFlyer has a range of privacy-preserving solutions where aggregated data is the solution to ensure that PII or personal data is not processed. IP addresses are a natural part of internet connections on the web, therefore at the regional level these are received by AppsFlyer. However, AppsFlyer provides solutions that include IP masking.