Privacy Policy
The general privacy policy published applies to content provided by and your use of our iOS™, tvOS™, watchOS®, macOS®, and  Android™ apps (the “App”) listed in the section “Products”, this web-site, and the e-mail newsletter.
As a registered Apple™  iTunes/Mac App Store user, you are also subject to Apple’s privacy policy. Please check your Apple™ iTunes/Mac App Store account privacy settings for further information.
As a registered Google Play™ Store user, you are also you are also subject to Google’s privacy policy. Please check your Google Play account privacy settings for further information.
You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy, including, but not limited to, the manner in which Lakehorn AG collects, uses and discloses your personally identifiable information, is incorporated and made part of this policy. If you do not agree to each and every part of Lakehorn AG’s Privacy Policy, then you should not use the service nor submit any personally identifiable information through the App, web-site, or newsletter.
Collecting information about you
No matter what method we use to collect information and no matter how we use that information, we will only collect the information deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your online requests and our legitimate business objectives.
We collect different types of information about App users for two main reasons:
To personalise the content of the App and provide funtionality for individual users.
To help us to monitor and improve the App, web-site, or newsletter.
In addition for ad-supported apps like AeroWeather Lite on iOS and AeroWeather on Android we do collect, share, and/or use data collected via Google’s AdMob’s services. Depending on geographic region ad privacy settings can be customized. Google’s privacy policy is available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
AeroWeather Pro does not contains any ad related frameworks.
On the web-site as well in the App we don’t collect any personal information such as name, e-mail, address, or payment information. We collect only the following information:
Location information that allows us to determine the location of the device when using picture uploading function. For ad-supported products the location information may also be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers, and shared with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, analytics, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), analytics and research.
Device and usage information in order to provide functionality (such as notifications, cloud synchronisation) that may include (i) information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system, advertising identifier and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device.
Subscriber information in order to manage and verify your subscription across multiple devices. We collect your digital purchase receipts from Apple together with a unique device identifier. The digital purchase receipts include only information about the type and the time of a purchase. We do not see or get any personal data, contact data, payment information, or your Apple ID. We are using a unique, pseudonymized identifier that is stored inside your iCloud account and only accessible to our app. We also collect data about redeemed trial and promotional codes.
For statistical reasons and fraud protection, we collect pseudonymized data about the time and type of a purchase or the redeemed trial or promotional codes, the unique user identifier, an anonymous device identifier, the version of the app and the language settings.
We will respect your privacy. Your information will not be given to any third parties beside services providers (listed below) to provide functionality. We may, if subscribed to the newsletter, email you occasionally information or queries about the App, for example, to improve our services.
Service Providers
All information collected via the website and the App is stored on servers located in the United States. We use services for data processing, data storage, and delivery from Apple, Inc., Amazon Web Services, Inc., Google, and pair Networks, Inc.
To inform our users about new features, releases and blog posts, we provide a newsletter for which you can subscribe with your email address. All information collected via the newsletter is stored on servers located in Germany. Newsletter service is provided by rapidmail GmbH. Blog posts are hosted at tumblr.com.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time. If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our website so that you and other users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. You should also check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. If we are going to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we may notify you via email (if subscribed to newsletter) or by placing a notice on our website.
By using the App, web-site, or newsletter, you signify your assent to the Lakehorn AG Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use the apps. Your continued use of the App, web-site, or newsletter will signify your acceptance of these changes.
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Policy, please contact us at:
Lakehorn AG
Bersetweg 14
CH-3073 Gümligen
or by email at info@lakehorn.com
Last Updated: July 9th, 202
4